James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have good results to report. I'll start off the call today by providing you with my perspective on our latest quarterly business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands. I'll then finish with our updated earnings guidance for the year. We'll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start out by saying that I'm very happy with the second quarter business results. In our last earnings call in May, we told you that we exited 2011 with strong momentum towards achieving our annual organic revenue growth target of 3% to 4%. We expected the organic revenue growth for the first half of 2012 to be higher than the second half due to the higher organic revenue growth levels in the back half of 2011. That is exactly what has happened, as we have delivered 8.4% organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2012, followed by 3.7% growth in the second quarter, for a net of 6% organic revenue growth in the first half of 2012. That puts us in great shape to deliver our annual organic revenue growth target of 3% to 4%. We also told you in May that we expected a lower gross margin in the first half of 2012, followed by higher gross margin in the second half, to deliver our annual gross margin target improvement of 25 to 50 basis points. Despite our gross margin being 110 basis points lower a year ago in the first quarter, and 100 basis points lower a year ago in the second quarter, we are right on track to achieve our annual target, although it will be at the lower end of the range forecasted in our May earnings call. Matt will tell you in a minute the initiatives that we have already implemented, which will drive higher gross margins in the second half of this year. The second quarter results also reflect that we continue to tighten our belts on overhead costs, as SG&A as a percent of sales improved by 80 basis points versus year ago. As forecasted in May, we achieved our marketing -- we increased our marketing spend in the second quarter by 200 basis points versus the first quarter to support the launch of new products in our 8 power brands. This increased marketing spending is paying off, as we achieved market share gains in the majority of our power brands in the second quarter. Most importantly, we delivered a 6% increase in EPS versus year ago, excluding a $0.04 onetime tax benefit in the year-ago numbers. This EPS result is ahead of our expectations for the quarter and puts us in line to deliver our annual adjusted EPS target of 9% to 10%. Those of you who know me know that I've been a long-term pessimist about the business environment. I believe we'll continue to face strong headwinds in 2012, including higher commodity costs and weak consumer spending. All consumer packaged goods companies are fighting the same headwinds. But we believe that no other consumer packaged goods company is as well suited us Church & Dwight to deliver exceptional performance in a tough environment. I'll explain my rationale for that statement in a few minutes after Matt provides you with greater insight on the financial results for the second quarter. Go ahead, Matt.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Alice, this is Jim. Not really, not really. Promotional spending was in line. Again, consumers continue to move down to the value brands, we keep benefiting from that. But really, promotional levels were fine. Pricing was a little bit below year ago, but nothing significant.
James R. Craigie: Alice, this is Jim. Let me add to our marketing spending. If you look at our year-ago numbers, we spent more marketing in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. We're kind of reversing that this year. We're going to spend more marketing "spending" in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. Still very high in the second half, but we're putting a very strong focus in the third quarter, because we got great distribution on new products. In some cases, faster than we got a year ago. And we're going to go out there and very strongly support that in the third quarter this year.
James R. Craigie: I think it's temporary, Chris. We were pleasantly surprised by the numbers we got on the household side in the first half. We knew we had good growth, but it exceeded our expectations. And as Matt told you, we've adjusted for that in the back half to reflect what we think is a better mix now knowing that, between household and personal care. And as Matt just told you, there's reasons why we think personal care would be stronger in the back half, which are very solid, and we feel very comfortable about. And as he said, Q2 consumption outpaced shipments which means we entered the quarter in a good inventory position. And as expected, July is off to a very good start across the board. So we feel very good. We looked at the past results very closely. You've seen what's happened on the mix issue, and adjusted for our back half forecast between household and personal care, given all the stuff that's going on, the higher marketing spending, the new products going out there, the traction we're gaining on the new products. So we think we have a much tighter handle on the whole mix issue in the back half quarters. That's why we have great confidence around the calls we're making.
James R. Craigie: It's a fresh look, Chris. It's a hard category to estimate because a lot of it is done in nonmeasured channels. So we keep trying to get close to this channel. We could be off by a factor of 2. We've been kind of just downsizing it just to kind of get a better handle on it. It's still an enormous category with no competition basically. And we're coming out there and doing very well. We're very happy with our results. It's a slow build because a lot of it is mom-and-pop stores versus big chains initially in that. So we're building very nicely. We're happy with the results. We're just trying to be more conservative on this category call. But again, this is a category we basically face no branded competition. So it's just all gravy to us, and we're slowly gobbling it up.
James R. Craigie: Yes, that's true. That's true, Joe. It's just -- we're again, very happy with the distribution gains that we've made so quickly on a lot of our new products. And in light of that, we're pulling forward some marketing spending for the third quarter to take advantage of that. Normally, the new product build would probably not get the full distribution by the middle of the third quarter. This time, we pretty much got where we want by the early part of third quarter. So we want to support those new products so we're pulling forward the marketing spending, and we feel very confident that will drive some really good results in the third quarter and then fourth quarter will be strong, too. Like Matt said, our spending in the back half of the year is going to be higher than the front half and that should really drive the power brand share gains we want.
James R. Craigie: Yes. We're fully aware of what's going on out there in pricing. Our competitors have announced their actions. We have held our pricing on the powder side. We still have a very strong advantage. The only sad news about that is the powder category now has become more expensive than the liquid category, which is a change. In the past, powder was less expensive. But because of the actions in that category and the aggressiveness in the liquid side, powder detergent is really hurting. The latest quarter consumption dollars on this powder category, for the category, we're down almost 19%. That was the worst quarter in -- I can go back over a year or 2. So powder has really taken on the chop from all the activity in liquid and the new unit dose. So we'll see what happens. We've done very well. We were the only company -- we grew share in liquids, powder. And obviously, unit dose was a pure plus. So we're the only guys who grew share across all 3 categories. But the powder category has taken a real beating right now given where it is. But we feel very competitive. We're in a good position, and the people keep trading down. They love ARM & HAMMER Liquid Laundry Detergent. They love the new product. Our powder is doing well. Unit dose is -- we're getting our fair share of that. But I've always had my fears about unit dose, that it's going to hurt the overdosing in the liquid category. And after 4 straight quarters where the category grew, the category liquid declined in Q2. I didn't like that. But we grew share enormously, record shares, I told you. And I -- the jury is still out on unit dose, but it is not off to a good start for the category.
James R. Craigie: Yes, double digit. I'm trying to figure out what exactly the -- you asked for sales? We don't give sales by specific things. It was -- well, it was in the double digits, for sure.
James R. Craigie: Jason, I feel very confident. Household will continue to be strong. We've looked in great detail on our merchandising support in the back half, our marketing support, how our new products are doing, the distribution gains we've achieved. So even though we're comping huge growth in the back half of last year, we still feel solid about that. And the personal care stuff is really gaining traction. I think I told you, in Q2, ARM & HAMMER toothpaste grew more in consumption percentage basis than the leading toothpaste brand. The sensitive thing is off to a good start. The other new products are doing well. Tooth Tunes distribution results so far have been incredible. So we feel very well. And we exited with a low inventory position going into the back half. So the personal care is off to a really good start. So, I don't have a crystal ball of perfection but, boy, I'm feeling great about the second half of the year right now.
James R. Craigie: Well, it depends. it's sell-in on the Tooth Tunes and the ORAJEL single dose cold sore product, new products. But on the stuff we launched in Q2, like the ARM & HAMMER ORAJEL toothpaste, Nair products, TROJAN Charged, those are out there. So it's kind of a mixed bag because some were launched in late Q1, early Q2. They've got full distribution now, and the other ones are just starting. But the Tooth Tunes we think will be pretty fast, because it's hot and the trade loves it. And ORAJEL single dose will be a little slower because it's just a slower category overall, and it's more towards the cold season in Q4. So -- but, just I'm really excited about the new products this year there. Obviously, over-delivering what we expected, which is great news, and I think it just makes for a good second half of the year.
James R. Craigie: Well, you can definitely expect the international to return to positive growth in the third quarter. We viewed that in great detail [ph]. We feel confident. Canada and Mexico. Mexico is very strong. We're doing terrific down in Mexico. We had a great quarter. Canada was a little short of expectations in Q2 based on some minor issues, which have been corrected. And we feel very good about our Q3 in Canada. In Europe, we put programs in place to deal with some of the competitive pricing stuff on oral care in there. So I feel we've dealt with the problems and look forward to international coming back to being a nice, solid contributor to our growth.
James R. Craigie: The point is, Bill, we're pretty heavily hedged in the back half of this year, so there should be no surprises on us of gross margin from any commodity actions because we're pretty well locked in the back half.
James R. Craigie: Bill, we're putting out a product that's comparable to our liquid product on the unit dose side. And it's doing extremely well in the marketplace. We got our fair share of the category. We're very happy with the results. I'm just, again, disappointed that it's -- the category hasn't shown any growth. In fact, slight decline from year ago, which is not good. But we're very successful. We're growing share across all 3 segments. But it's just -- I was always fearful of the impact and the lack -- on the -- it cannibalizes liquid, you lose the overdosing effect in liquid. I got no definite proof yet, but it appears to be signs of that as the overall category is down. Overall total dollars is down.
James R. Craigie: That's the hope, Bill. But right now, I think everybody had start-up costs on the pod. Everybody's doing a lot of merchandising on the pod. Everybody's doing a lot of couponing on the pod. And we'll see what happens when consumers get beyond all these trial offers as to what the end result is between liquid, powder and unit dose, especially with the potential loss of overdosing, which could hurt the liquid category. So I can say the jury is still out on unit dose, but it's not off to a great start.
James R. Craigie: Our big competitor seems to focus on one month. We focus on 3. Our 3 months results are very strong. Like I said, we had record share in ARM & HAMMER liquids. The only guys to grow our liquid consumption, our liquid share. Powder, we grew share also, despite the declining category. And we're getting our fair share of unit dose. So I'll take a long-term trend any day over a one-month trend. And knowing what we know about Q3 as far as our merchandising support and everything else, we feel very good about our laundry detergent business. You just can't beat the pricing advantages we've always had in this category. Consumers recognize, they're trading down. They're loving our products, and they keep buying more and more. And so I know the hopes from big competitors are out there, but I feel very confident we're going to continue to have very strong results in the overall detergent category.
James R. Craigie: Connie, we feel very good about the condom category. The new product Charged is doing exceptionally well out there. It's already heading towards one of the top 3 condoms in the marketplace. Our share is up in the category. And don't forget, when you're 75, I think we hit a 76, I think the latest monthly results would've been our highest ever, I think, in condom category as the Charged condom gains momentum. We feel great. So I -- our condom is good. The talk from Durex has been all talk so far. We have seen no sign in the marketplace of anything in the nature of new products or in the nature of merchandising or advertising support. I highly respect that company. And they've had terrible problems in the condom business for the past year with supplier problems. I think they've hit a record low share in the States. So I think, in some sense, they're trying to come back. But usually, when they fight, it's the other 2 guys who just battle it out and trade share. And we are, by far -- I think we spend 90% of the advertising dollars in the category, over 75 share, with the best new product. So they largely copy us, and we see nothing that gives me any concern about the condom category. And we're building now to the white space entries in the vibrators, and we have a lot more interesting things to come. So -- I'm a very big fan of my condom business, and gross margins have been growing there. We've done a lot of improvements in our factory to help gross margin in that category. So very, very happy with our condom business.
James R. Craigie: Connie, they're mostly retail sales. And again, it's very hard to measure, because so much of the business is done in mom-and-pop stores out there, done online, and it's not measured -- very little of it is measured by the Nielsens or IRIs of the world. So we, over time, as we get to know these channels better, attend the trade shows and everything else to try to get a handle on it. But I'll still take -- don't forget, condoms in total is a $350 million category. So this is still a great category. We have like over 60% share within the category on the premium condom -- sorry, premium vibrator side. We have a program going on in New York City in the next 2 days. We're going to give away, I believe, over 10,000 vibrators on the streets of New York, so stay tuned. And lots of fun stuff ahead as we continue to grow this category.
James R. Craigie: Lauren, this is Jim. One thing we haven't talked much about, but we did a whole restructuring of our toothpaste business in ARM & HAMMER in the past year. We had changed the sizes. We lined priced it. It wasn't lined priced before. We improved the packaging. And we also came out with a new product, ARM & HAMMER and ORAJEL sensitive toothpaste. And that's all paying off now. So we very much have fixed our ARM & HAMMER toothpaste business, which is the biggest part of the whole oral care business. TROJAN, again, the new product launch has been great. Nair has had a good year. Nair is kind of -- Nair share is down because a big competitor entered with a very high-priced product in the depilatory category. We had great results for the category. We didn't grow as much as the category growth, but our consumption is up, and our shares are up, and our sales are up. So we feel good about that. The problem in the category has largely been ORAJEL, which is a very high-margin product. We've been hit a bit harder than we expected by private label on that side of the business. And we're fighting back hard to fix that problem right now. But overall, we fixed the toothpaste business. TROJAN business continues to do very well. Nair business is doing well. ORAJEL business is the problem. We're in the process of fixing that right now. And it caused a bit of a hit because it's such a high-margin product for us.
James R. Craigie: Definitely. It was -- again, the product line used to be at 2 or 3 different price points. We lowered the price on some, raised the price on others to be all the same price point, which is really doing much better. We changed the packaging. So there was a bunch of changes going on which impacted that key brand over the past year, but now I feel very good. That business should have very strong results going forward as shown by the Q2 results.
James R. Craigie: Yes, that [indiscernible] case has some proprietary technology that we purchased from outside of our house. And it's a terrific product that I challenge anybody who suffers from cold sores to try it. The results are far better than anything else available in the marketplace.
James R. Craigie: That was the majority of them, Lauren, yes. That was the key hit. And it surprised us a little bit. The oral care wars in the U.K. have been unbelievable, prompted by a big competitor's entry there, overpromising what they would do and then continuing to promote at ridiculous prices. And we've fixed that now. And then Nair is a big business in France for us. And one of our key competitors again did some very aggressive pricing, which we've now addressed.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Tim, I don't know what exactly the competitor said, but we are kicking butt in the cat litter category, continuing to kick butt in the cat litter category. We've had 2 big winner innovative products in a row between Double Duty and this new Ultra Last. The distribution gains have been terrific. The consumption gains have been terrific. The sales gains, all double digits. I mean, just in the latest quarter, to pick up 2 share points in the category like this, which has very formidable competitors, is outstanding. So we just -- like I said, we've had 34 consecutive quarters of sales gains in this category. It's something we didn't -- we only entered in 1998 as an extension of ARM & HAMMER. So again, I don't know what the competitor said, but we are really doing outstanding in cat litter. On unit dose, a few facts on unit dose. In total, across the whole detergent category, unit dose is only about 5% of sales in total. For competitors who have a unit dose product, it's about 8% to 10% of their sales. And again, it's early in the phase. I don't want to downgrade it too much right now. But it's more promotional activity and advertise support will happen on this across the category in the second half of the year. But it's been 2 quarters since this product was launched. Usually, you'll see real strong results from the first 2 quarters. But like I said so far, it's really not making me happy to see that the total laundry category between liquid, powder and unit dose, if you add them all up in dollars, the consumption is down. So that doesn't do much to help the category, as far as my eyes, and it's hurting the liquid category. And the powder is now a more expensive product than liquid based on the pricing actions in both sides out there. So I think we're doing great. I mean we're gaining share in all segments. We're getting our fair share of unit dose. But I sure wish the category would go back to growth again, particularly in the big segment, which is liquid laundry, which after 4 quarters of good, solid growth, almost 5% in the last 2 quarters, was down 2% the latest quarter in consumption for total category dollars. That is not a happy result to me.
James R. Craigie: Well, first of all, Tim, I would say we talk and we deliver, and they talk and they don't deliver. I would tell you, we, we're fully cognizant. We're fully aware of that competitor and respect them with the greatest degree given their size and scale. But our brands are in great shape. They've been continuing to do well. The economy plays to our hand. We've looked very intently at our merchandise support in the back half versus a year ago, and it's very strong. Really, the competitor -- we're not seeing any promotional spending changes from them so far. We're probably seeing some advertising increases, some of which are aimed at us, but are very weak in my mind. And very interesting that a larger player talks about a smaller player in their ads. That's a new change. Thank you very much for the free advertising support. So I mean we're very cognizant of it. We watch them every day, but I -- we've been beating them consistently over time, and we think we'll continue to beat them in the back half of this year.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Tim, we continue to be very disciplined. We continue to look for good acquisitions. We work hard on it, but we're not going to make one until we see the right one out there. And I thought the environment was favorable in the past, and I continue to think it is favorable. But there's been, overall in the whole industry, a pretty low level of activity so far. But other than that, I can't comment or disclose anything related to M&A transactions until there's something definitive out there. But we continue to work hard against it, and so far, nothing to report.
James R. Craigie: That's a one hard one, Erin. It's -- no, I really -- I think it's about the same on both sides. I know there is a lot more talk about tax law changes in the U.S., which could influence some sellers. But we're a North American-centric company. We do look everywhere, but we tend to focus a little bit more on North America. And I would say it's pretty much same outlook. I think it's somewhat positive or should be somewhat positive, but really not much has happened so far in the category or in the overall the CPG business, I mean.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Nik, on retail inventory, nothing major. It's nothing overall. I think retailers understandably are struggling in this difficult economy. But we're not hearing or seeing anything broadscale on inventories out there. Little things ebb and flow, but nothing substantial. That's an interesting question on liquid laundry compaction. I'd honestly, Nik, have to go back and check the notes on that to give you an accurate answer. Maybe we can follow up and give you an answer on that one, but I'd have to go back and check on that.
James R. Craigie: Yes, I mean the details -- last year, was a minor technical issue. And we don't like to launch products unless things are perfect, so we held back on it. And the product's in perfect -- We already are shipping it. It's great. It works beautifully. This isn't -- Tooth Tunes is a manual toothbrush. And manual toothbrushes is an $800 million category in this country. So that's huge. And we think we really got a unique product. It's proprietary technology. The last time, this was -- Hasbro initially had this product about 5 years ago. In its first year of very limited distribution, it did about $50 million in gross sales. I'm not going to predict to you what we expect on it, but the distribution results have been very strong to-date, and it's just a very unique product. If you follow any kind of consumer packaged goods business, there are some universal appeals out there. And music is something which has a universal appeal in almost any category you go out there. So we really think this will kind of revolutionize toothbrushing, especially for young kids. As far as future line extensions, definitely. If this thing does as well as we think, we can definitely target older age groups and be very selective of the music. So we already have those plans in place for next year. I don't want to reveal them at this point in time, but we have some very exciting new news in that respect coming out next year.
James R. Craigie: Thank you all very much for taking the time to be with us today. I would just wrap up by saying to you is we're very pleased with the solid Q2 results we've had. We honestly feel we have the right brands at the right price in this environment. We had very positive trends on 7 of 8 key business factors: the higher revenues, the more marketing spending in total dollars than year ago, higher shares on 5 of our 8 power brands, lower SG&A spending, higher adjusted EPS, higher income from operations and higher cash flow. I really think you can't beat that, scorecard is good. The only issue is lower gross margins driven by product mix, but we already have already programs in place to deliver higher gross margin in the second half. So we feel very, very confident about delivering our annual target of our -- on organic growth gross margin EPS. And let me just say, for those of you who sold Church & Dwight today, good luck with finding a better investment because you won't. So thank you very much for your time.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. And then to add to that, Alice, the household versus personal care mix is very skewed in the quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: We don't think promotion is a factor in the story this quarter. It's really around the mix of the products.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Look, there's lots of factors, Alice. But if we're down -- we were down a little bit on marketing year-over-year, so we came in around 12.7%. So it's all a function of timing and when we want to spend the money. So we were having a good quarter, so we pushed it back to the third quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. It was Spinbrush, ORAJEL and Answer were the 3 that gave us trouble in the second quarter. But when you think about why is the second half going to be different for personal care than the first half? There's really 4 reasons for that. The first would be the new products. So you've heard -- you read about and you've heard Jim talk about Tooth Tunes and also the ORAJEL single dose. That's the new products. The second thing is we're building a lot of traction for our ARM & HAMMER ORAJEL sensitive toothpaste, as well as the TROJAN Charged, and also Vibes in bricks and mortar. So we're getting a lot of traction there and a good distribution. The third thing is the Q2 consumption actually outpaced our shipments. So when that happens, that actually bodes well for personal care. And last thing is really July is off to a pretty good start for personal care. So we have some confidence in the third quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. Two things, Joe. One is with respect to share repurchase, that is correct. We don't anticipate any additional share repurchases for the balance of the year. As far as our payout goes, yes, our payout is 40% of earnings. Our historical practice has been to increase the dividend at the same rate as our annual earnings increase. But we don't make those decisions until the February announcement or the fourth quarter announcement each year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, we have -- 70% of our most volatile inputs are hedged for the second half, Bill. And it's not just diesel. It grows everything from surfactants, resins, soda ash, latex, palm fatty acid distillate carbonates. There's 7 or 8 categories that we focus on. So we've got 70% of that hedged, so we have some sense of what our most volatile inputs are going to do. And as far as next year goes, we've been just doing some selective hedging of 2013 now, taking advantage of some of the dips that have happened over the last couple of months.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Remember, we came into the year, we were more than 50% hedged, almost 60%. So that was on a full year basis, so that's always been in place.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, none was reversal, Bill. We -- because we're doing so well on other factors right now, we didn't reverse any of our incentive comp.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, we have a focus on cash conversion cycle in the company. And for our cash conversion cycle, we focus on is trade receivables, inventory and trade payables. So if you went back a few years, we were in the mid-50s for a number of days for cash conversion cycle. And today we're under 30, and we target to be under 30. And we still have more room to go, not so much in the receivable side, but we think we can be a little more creative in inventory and also, as we get larger, to continue to extend terms on the payable side. So we do think there's some room left to go. And in the meantime, we plan on growing the company and keeping working capital flat, so we can keep throwing off increasing amounts of free cash flow.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Lauren, we expect the second half to be up for the Specialty Products business. You may recall that half the business is exposed to dairy. So, obviously, we get a lot of questions about what's the effect of the drought on dairy and the use of our products. The answer to that is because our products increase the yield of milk in dairy cows, it's actually in more demand because of the drought than if there weren't going to be a drought. So it's kind of a good news, bad news thing. So yes, to answer your question, we expect to be up in the next couple of quarters organically year-over-year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, this is Matt. It's pretty well documented what our destinations are for cash. Number one is TSR-related acquisition. So this is an acquisitive company. We acquired 7 of our 8 power brands since the year 2000. So we're always looking for something to add to our portfolio, and we've very strict criteria around that. The number two destination is new products, investment in new products. The third would be base CapEx. The fourth is returning cash to shareholders. And fifth would be debt reduction. And debt reduction would be last right now, simply because we're only levered 0.4x debt to EBITDA. And as far as the share price today, that's today. We feel great about the second half. We anticipate a high-quality second half with gross margin expansion and high marketing spend. And we're going to be hitting our numbers for the year with 9% to 10% earnings growth.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, you're right. It's a good news, bad news thing. So our household products are typically 15%, 20% lower gross margins than personal care. So yes, when the volume is really going great on the household side and personal care is suffering, the result is obviously pressure on your gross margins, and then a giveback on top line as well. So the good news is that we have such a balanced portfolio between value and premium that we're able to sustain our long-term targets of TSR, total shareholder return.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. The 3% to 4% organic growth is an all-in number. That's the evergreen target for top line organic sales growth, volume and price.
