Jim Craigie: It's always a pleasure to talk to you particularly when we have outstanding results to report. I will start of this call by providing you with my perspective on our first quarter business results which you read about in our press release this morning. I will then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished I will return to provide some detailed information on the performance of our key brands and to discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We will then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I'm very happy with the first quarter business results. We told you in February that we exited 2011 with strong momentum as reflected in our 7% organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter. We continue that momentum in the first quarter of 2012 by delivering 8% organic revenue growth, our highest quarter since the fourth quarter of 2008.  This outstanding organic revenue growth was driven by a 10% growth in our domestic business and 7% growth in our international business. The 10% organic growth in our domestic business was driven largely by 14% growth in our household business. Behind strong growth in our value-based fabric care business and innovative product news in our cat litter business. Our sales results are down slightly for our premium priced personal care brands due largely to the weak or declining category trends. However we gained market share on key power brands such as Trojan which achieved the second-highest quarterly share ever and first response which gained a full share point. These share gains should pay big dividends when the economic improves because we expect this category to return to historical growth rates. We also told you in February that we expected a lower gross margin in the first quarter of last year due to the continuing year-over-year domestic makes. However we are making progress on this front as the gross margin for the first quarter of 2012 was 50 basis points above the fourth quarter of 2011. The first quarter results also reflect that we tighten our belts on overhead costs, as SG&A as a percent of sales improved by 40 basis points. Don't be concerned about the lower marketing spending in Q1 and it is simply a function of timing. It was only a $1 million or roughly 2% below year-ago dollar spend. Also our organic growth was so exceptional from the first quarter at the spending levels that we decided to delay some marketing spending to later quarters where we are going to use more effectively behind new products. Most importantly we delivered a 13.8% increase in earnings per share which represents a strong start toward our annual EPS target of 9% to 10%. Now please don't start foaming at the mouth and raising our annual EPS target as Matt will surely explain why our 9% 10% annual EPS target is still appropriate. Those of you know me know that I have been a long-term pessimist about the business environment. I believe we will continue to face strong headwinds in 2012 including high commodity costs and weak consumer spending which will perpetuate competitive price for us. All consumer packages companies are fighting the same headwinds, but we believe that no other CPG company is as well-suited as Church & Dwight to deliver exceptional performance in a tough environment. I will explain my rationale for that statement in a few minutes after Matt provides you with greater insights from the financial results for the first quarter.
Jim Craigie: It's really too early to really give a good forecast in the pods. We were out early, our distribution was almost entirely incremental. It's off to an okay – a good start, a very good start, but it's really too early. It's just the latest four week share that is coming in. It's really early for everybody. Marketing support in a big way it is just beginning to start and the same is true for our competitors. So it's really too early to say how big the pods category will be and how everybody is doing. We are very happy with our start. Again the distribution was terrific, it was incremental and the initial takeaway by consumers is looking good, but again it's just too early I use that as a projection vehicle.
Jim Craigie: Yeah we feel very confident. You know like I said the product is coming inhouse by the end of Q2 and we will have plenty of capacity to meet demand to that product.
Jim Craigie: Yeah Nick the laundry category exhibited a little bit more growth in the first quarter than some in the past, but it's not good. But nothing to shock folks with, we are more impressed by the fact that we had very strong share gains as we've had for the last couple of years. We continue to outpace the category as consumers trade down to our great value brands, but it was a good quarter, but I wouldn't say these trend so far, so let's see what happens over the rest of 2012.
Jim Craigie: I would just tell you that we don't discuss any specific details on M&A. I would tell you the environment is very active and we are very involved, but we have very specific acquisition criteria of looking only for leading brands and margin accretive brands and asset light brands. So far there's been nothing that was acquired by somebody that we regret and we're actively looking for acquisitions that fit that bill but that's about as far as I can go.
Jim Craigie: I've been wrong before about the acquisition environment. I think like you're insinuating that the lot of factors are going on with organic growth being tough for a lot of companies. Tax law changes in the future potentially that it would accelerate it. I would tell you that there is more activity out there as far as opportunities for deals, but it has materialized in deals quite honestly. So I don't know. I would tell you I think sellers still are a little bit lofty on what they think they can get for their businesses and so it's kind of, you would think and I think you're right. I thought I was right in the past thing. I thought activity would pick up and it hasn't happened, but you never know, so stay tuned. On our competitor rolling back prices I would say that only affects us in one category being powdered laundry detergents. We did take pricing in that category and we intend to maintain that price increase.
Jim Craigie: So Jason we're feeling pretty good about personal care in the back half there. First of all we're lapping some pretty weak category trends in the back half of last year. And secondly, we have a whole slew of new products launching in the back half the year. So as I mentioned things like the TOOTH TUNES and that. So we are feeling pretty confident and you know us, we always had contingency plans to make our numbers and it wouldn’t be a worst thing in the world of our household business continue to -- it was raging growth and maybe the mix for the gross margin little bit, we make our EPS with, that’s what we get paid to do. It’s a lots on the levers and we will deliver that EPS and things change out there and we will adjust to it, but back to your further point is, we feel pretty damn good about the personal care business in the back half for the reasons I told you.
Jim Craigie: Yeah that’s fair Jason. We got off to a very soft January and February, March and April ticked up, but it’s a bit of hole for us to fill that on a full year basis for the specialty business. So yeah as far as on a full year basis the driver is going to be in the consumer business almost (inaudible). Don’t forget that the specialty business has a lower gross margins, so to the extent that it’s a little week that actually again houses make our corporate gross margin targets.
Jim Craigie: Jason we do think about a lot. We don't really talk to you guys a lot, but I mean I can tell you First Response hit record shares in Canada and Australia this latest quarter. TROJAN hit a record share up in Canada and had a very strong quarter down in Mexico. So we are looking as best as possible to take our US brands outside of the US and grow, but we use good reasons. In some cases they have lag, in some cases they don't. We've been driving share growth on ARM & HAMMER toothpaste over in the UK, we are still doing that again maybe our fault we don't talk about enough, but we are looking to as much as possible globalize some of our key brands, but we do it smartly. We got to look at the market overseas, where the competitors are and what kind of equity we believe we can have and where we've done it, we've taken first response into Australia and so it’s a leading share brand and we've driven up in Canada and other countries. So maybe we should talk about it more in the future, but we are looking for that. And then we look for strong brands in overseas market. You don't know the fact we have two or three local brands up in Canada that are market leaders like [Gravel] and that is up there I think, up (inaudible) from that. So maybe in fairness we should talk about more of that in the future so you’ll understand what we are doing better.
Jim Craigie: Well, those are channels that you largely visit to the adult store channels out there and that’s actually the largest seller of adult products right now. So we have joined that channel, it’s a little more difficult than other channels because there's a few change and then there's a lot of mom and pops and so it’s a little slower distribution build, but right now it’s the largest seller of vibration type products and we are making a full force effort through our distributors in that to get into that channel with that product.
Jim Craigie: Don't forget the pacing of our last year; organic growth last year from Q1 to Q4 went 1%, 3%, 5%, 7%. So this year we are starting up against weaker comps last year, but we end up again stronger comps in the back half, so we’ve kind of guide everybody that think the opposite way this year, organic growth will start very strong and then as we lap big numbers in the back half it will get lower. Saying the opposite is true for gross margin. Our stronger gross margins occurred in the front half of last year and the ones in the back half are weaker. so that's why we are telling you we think we will have gross margin outside in the back half of the year to get to our targeted 25 to 50 basis points. So that now were because the product mix we are seeing maybe toward the lower end of that target. So that's about as clear as we've been on those two factors.
Jim Craigie: Very weak, we’ve had some categories like battery toothbrush is down about 3% toothache was down about 2% and then the condoms and diagnostics categories were up less than 1% that we consider to be weak. So, overall weakness, that’s pretty common to all the industry as they are higher margin and more discretionary category, so those category traditionally grow in the 3% to 5% range. So we think that growth will come back when the economy comes back; in the mean time, like I said we are happy just pounding away at growing our shares in those categories.
Jim Craigie: That’s not what I said. I told you TROJAN gained half a share point; First Response gained full share point in those category. So we’re gaining share in some key categories that are just relatively weak or slightly down.
Jim Craigie: No, Joe it has kind of plateaued. It's kind of in a stall rate now out there in the categories which I honestly think we will continue for a little while ahead. You know again who knows what the election will do with the economy in that or what will happen around the world, but I call it kind of a plateau. I really haven’t seen the gas thing, it's hard to translate through. I would say consumer package get a little more insulated from that, but other more discretionary things like going up to restaurants or buying items that you don’t really need. You have to eat, you have to brush your teeth and you have to wash your cloth and things like that. So I would think. I don’t think it's being as much an impact as it has been on going out the outer restaurants and things like that.
Jim Craigie: I wouldn’t, I don’t think this as much. I mean there is a lot you know there is a lot of things going on out there. I don’t think it’s a bigger driver as in other businesses.
Jim Craigie: No, not really Joe we pretty much planned flat dollar spending in the first quarter and then our volume exploded on is more in the household side. So again on a basis points or a percent of that revenue it doesn’t look pretty, but it was pretty much in line with what we expected to spend and I told you we always plan to spend more money in the second through the fourth quarter because that's when our new product is launched and it is always more effective to launch and spend money against new product news and against the old product line. So, that was just numbers games going on with marketing spending more than anything else. So we are very happy that we have lots of dry powder left to the back three quarters.
Jim Craigie: The first quarter of that category in the food, drug and mass channels is only up a little less than 2%. We are kind of looking back at what happened in laundry additives a couple of years ago when a major competitor entered the category. And when that happened, some big product news, a lot of spending went on. And the category had very strong growth rates for the first four quarters and then it fell back and went negative for the last four or five quarters. Again, you never know this is a huge category. It is like a $6 billion category versus that $1 billion category for laundry additive. So, I would think in this case with every competitor out there launching the pod, every competitor spending some kind of decent money to support those pods that I would expect to see some pretty strong category numbers maybe up in the mid high single digits on liquid laundry detergent for maybe three or four quarters and then the key thing will be repeat, how do customers react to it. It is going to be the highest price per wash for the laundry detergent out there which was pretty tough in a recessionary type economy, but the consumers will try it. There will be a lot of incentives to try it and the key thing will be when it goes back to its normal high prices and there's less incentives what the repeat purchases will be and again that will happen about a year after the products are launched.
Jim Craigie: We are honestly tracking it as a separate category, but we look at it in combination with the liquid laundry detergent category. And the accretion, every company has got their own numbers as far as this product which is pretty expensive to make versus other stuff, but it is going to be sold at a higher price for wash load. So I can only speak for ourselves. At long term, this will be accretive and we will just have to see how much we sell and how well it does.
Jim Craigie: Caroline it is a very good question. Quite honestly, we haven't seen anything like that. I think you would see the economic pain is pretty spread across the country, but it is an interesting one, we really haven't looked into that kind of intense detail as to whether some higher markets maybe like a New York city compares to a very rural market, but, good question. I'll ask my troops to take a look at it, but I don't think there is anything that different, quite honestly across the markets right now.
Jim Craigie: We will, we have lots of research data that show that consumers who have traded down and now have repeatedly tried our products over the last several years since this recession kind of kicked in 2008 are sticky with the brand even whether or not they get their jobs back or make more money in that. They have found that we truly produced a great laundry detergent and they can save you know a lot of money by buying us versus the higher priced brands.
Jim Craigie: We always maintain careful price gaps versus all of our competitors and do take action when things like that happen. So yeah we do, we have a lot of scientific studies that tell us what price gaps we have to maintain and again across every brand against every competitor and we do I think we have quite a good reputation for knowing it. We take action very quickly when we see things that either close those gaps and we have to respond by lowering prices or some times increase the gaps so we take advantage of it by raising our prices.
Jim Craigie: We are pretty agnostic on that. We have consistently said over time, we look for our criteria again. Number one and number two share brands, margin accretive brands, growth accretive brands that we think we can grow steadily, and asset like brands. And I think our history has shown that we’ll look at almost any category and any geography doing that. Keep in mind, I mean, today we make products and almost every type of product, liquids, powders, rolls on sticks, rubbers, sprays and everything. So that holds the door to look at a lot of other categories because we can bring those products into our plans and save a lot of money from the current orders. No, we’re pretty agnostic and we did, our most recent acquisition was the BATISTE hair spray brand over the UK. We’ve never been in hair spray. It’s UK, which is one of our smaller markets but we got into that business. We happen to make aerosols in our UK plant. So we brought, we are bringing that product in house to help us save money, drive our gross margins north and just one of the fastest growing hair spray brands in the UK market. And it’s also a fantastic start. So that just shows you nobody would ever have thought we would have gone in the hair spray business. We've found a great opportunity, higher margin; high growth, asset life, great gross margins and we bought that business.
Jim Craigie: Well Marc, it’s a good insight. In our 13 categories, private label only have a meaningful presence, so what I mean by that more than say 10 share points in about three of those categories. And the history of private label has been that only in categories we it has a meaningful presence does it really cause some harm during economic tough times. So first of all I said, we face private label only in a very few of our categories. And retail, always have a tough time on growing; you would see overall private labels been creeping due to the economic, but again its very small piece of majority of categories. Now most of the people buying our products Marc have just as you’ve seen the fact that you know they’ve tried them, they were facing some tighter to pocket books, they have always heard about our great brands and they tried them and they found out how terrific they are. The growth rates we’re seeing, I think (inaudible) and it’s just fantastic and proving that people didn’t just try it once and run back to other brand, they tried it, realized how good it was, they repeated it and called that sheer requirements; how many of your annual purchases you make from a particular brand and we are seeing our share requirements to grow steadily. Brands like ARM & HAMMER, people find out how great they are, people forget too we have several forms of that brand, we have ARM & HAMMER with OXICLEAN. We have ARM & HAMMER laundry detergents for sensitive skin so we have all the variety that the premium brands have, but we offer a bit more of a value prices. So people who need them for whatever purpose again more powerful cleaners with like OXICLEAN and or sensitive skin we have those varieties and the people can say quite a bit of money, I mean on a 150 ounce jug of laundry detergent you will save $9 by buying ARM & HAMMER versus the premium brand and that's quite a bit of money in today's pocket book.
Jim Craigie: Well, tough question; I mean retailers are very under support for private label. Some are very focused on growing their private label and had very minimal private label. For those who have minimal private label they are all about big brands. They love our brands and push them. For those that have private label businesses, we do what we constantly do to educate them about the power of having our brands as part of their portfolio. And again the growth rate, they just can't deny how fast our brands are growing and as they are behind our brands like ARM & HAMMER laundry detergent, they are losing out the marketplace right now and that led to a lot of distribution gains for us and a lot of share growth over the past several years.
Jim Craigie: Now the way to think about it is this. In the first half of the year, we have the mix issue obviously hurting us and when we’re saying that that’s going to get a little bit better in the second half and one of the reasons for that what I said was that we have a little more balance in personal care in the second half from compared to household versus the first half. I remember we have some new products something like TOOTH TUNES in the second half that are going to help us. We also are slotting that’s very front end loaded this is year. So slotting is another drag on gross margin and there is an absence of that in the second half. The third thing which would be price, so we have taken price selectively on some brands in the first quarter. And those would for example, (inaudible) and natural, just the natural layer and also baking soda. But that’s really being offset by the slotting. So as you move to the year and we get to the second half we get the benefit of that, so that’s a plus in the second half. The other thing is that we have to develop our plant, that with startup cost in the first half, we don’t have those startup cost in the second half. We are manufacturing the unit those, or pods outsider third party in the first half. We are not making it in our house in the second half. And then we have a number of programs with two of our personal care plants, one in Folkestone, UK and then in the Lakewood, New Jersey where we expect to get the benefits of the completion of certain projects starting in the third quarter. So there are a number of things that benefit the second half that are not in the first half. So that's the way to think about why on a year-over-year basis, we think we are going to be showing positive gains in the second half versus the first half.
Jim Craigie: Okay, everybody. Again, this is Jim Craigie; I want to thank you all for taking the time to listen to our first quarter results. Again, we are very thrilled with those results. We've given you our outlook on the year which I think is consistent with what you expect from us overtime. So with that, if you have any questions, follow-up, call in Matt and I wish you all a great day. Thank you.
Matt Farrell: Alice, the only line item call on the second quarter was we said that the gross margin in the second quarter will be comparable to the first quarter, so we have strong sales. But we don't, we are not calling the individual items on the P&L, just the EPS we said was around $0.54.
Matt Farrell: The recall, as we said in the release that we’ve recalled selected lots of Spinbrush, Rechargeable SONIC toothbrushes distributed between the day seven when they were released and we said that they are also it was a material item both to the second quarter and to the full year and the only context that I can give you is the annual sales of this particular Rechargeable SONIC toothbrush is less than $2 million.
Matt Farrell: Yeah, we actually hadn’t brought back shares for over ten years until late in 2011 and this is a company that generates significant amount of free cash flow and we were building lot of excess cash. So obviously through the outlook, our dividend and buyback, and in February we raised our dividend again in 2011, we had doubled it, and in 2012 February we took it up again. So we are now at a 40% pay out and then the buyback of shares that we started in late 2011, we continued in March. So we said in February we would buy at least as much as we brought last year at a minimum and likely increase it and you are correct in that we generate lot of cash and in the first quarter we generated almost a $100 million of free cash flow and then at the quarter with 230 million of cash. We have an authorization of about $300 million. So we are going to start bumping up against that. So we would need another authorization of a similar size to continue what we have been doing for the last two months.
Matt Farrell: Well, we are expecting it to increase the rest of the year actually because on a full year basis, we are expecting 13% on starting at that 10.8% and reason why we, the first quarter is typically low-ish because we don’t have full distribution on our new products. So it is common for us to have higher marketing spending in Q2, Q3 and Q4 and then Q1.
Matt Farrell: Marketing isn’t the only area we look at and we look across the board and make the leverage. So we are not going our goal really in the year is to increase and get that 15% and if there is upside, which I think there is more chance of now. Than down side we would spend that more on marketing to exit the year. It will add to a great momentum 
Matt Farrell: We haven't, other than to save it, we don't expect them to, we don't expect that to be down year-over-year, commodity costs are higher for us year-over-year. We did say that we are hedged. So we are not as concerned about movements in the second half for the remainder of the year actually.
Matt Farrell: Yeah, historically the company for many years had a payout ratio of somewhere between 10% and 15% and as the company has become a lot, lot bigger over time with more and more power brands and generated significantly more free cash flow on an annual basis. The company has realized that we generate a lot of excess cash. So we slowly have being bringing it up. So we went from 15% to 30% payout a year ago and then we took it up to 40% payout this February. The philosophy frankly is that the company's strategy were (inaudible) company. So we always want to have plenty of capacity to acquire and add to our power brands and over the period of time we have now, we were BBB rated. That was far, different story several years ago. So the company's access to the capital markets is significantly greater than it was historically. So therefore we have the excess cash, the excess of the capital markets convinces us. So we don't need to hang on to that cash and that we can take the dividend up and pay money back to our shareholders, and then take some shares out and at least cover share creep on annual basis, and then some if we have additional cash.
Matt Farrell: No, no. Once you declare a dividend its apparent, right? So we are going to be, we have been paying dividends for, I don't know, how many; 100 years? So, we continue to pay, we are going to continue to pay dividend.
Matt Farrell: As far as the dividends go, we can only comment on what we've declared as dividends today and we cannot project in future what our, if there are going to be future increases. That's something that the board and management evaluates on an annual basis; as far as we can go on that topic.
