Rick Dierker: Thank you, Matt, and good morning everybody. We'll start with EPS. First quarter adjusted EPS was $0.83, flat to prior year. The $0.83 was better than our $0.75 outlook, primarily due to continued strong consumer demand, driving higher-than-expected sales, as well as better gross margin than expected. Reported revenue was up 4.7% and organic sales were up 2.7%. Now let's review the segments. First, Consumer Domestic. Organic sales increased by 2.7% due to positive price/mix offset by lower volume. As anticipated, the discontinuation of WATERPIK Shower Club programs was a drag to organic growth. We also experienced some bumpiness in the month of March and continued into April due to the laundry concentration transition. Good news is we are through that now. Consumer International had flat organic sales in Q1 due to broad supply chain disruption and laundry portfolio decisions in Canada. And for our SPD business, organic sales increased 9.2% due to higher price mix and volume. Milk prices have increased throughout Q1 and are projected to level out as 2022 moves forward. Our first quarter gross margin was 42.6%, a 190 basis point decrease from a year ago. Let me walk you through the Q2 bridge. Gross margin was impacted by 550 basis points to higher manufacturing costs, primarily related to commodity inflation, distribution and labor, as well as a 10 basis point drag from currency. These costs were offset by a positive 270 basis point impact from price/volume mix, positive 30 basis points from acquisitions and a positive 70 basis points from productivity. Moving to marketing. Marketing was up $3 million year-over-year. Marketing expense, as a percentage of net sales was 7.9%. For SG&A, Q1 adjusted SG&A decreased 50 basis points year-over-year. Other expense all in was $14.5 million, a $2.9 million increase, resulting from higher average debt outstanding. And for income tax, our effective rate for the quarter was 23.2%, compared to 24.2% a year ago, a decrease of 100 basis points. We continue to expect the full year rate to be 23%. And now to cash. For the first three months of 2022, cash from operating activities increased 53% to $153 million due to improvements in working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings. We continue to expect cash from operations to be approximately $920 million for the full year. And as of March 31, cash on hand was $174 million. Our full year CapEx plan continues to be approximately $200 million, as we continue to expand manufacturing capacity, focused on laundry, litter and vitamins. For Q2, we expect reported sales growth of approximately 5% to 6% and organic sales growth of approximately 3% to 4%. This is sequentially higher from Q1, as we expect an improvement in case fill levels after seeing April trend up into the mid-to-high 80s. We expect Q2 gross margin to contract 200 basis points, as we continue to experience higher inflation ahead of the latest round of price increases. Adjusted EPS is expected to be $0.70 per share, an 8% decrease from last year's adjusted Q2 EPS. This means our first half earnings will be down approximately 4% consistent with what our outlook was in January. And now for the full year outlook. We continue to expect the full year reported sales growth to be approximately 5% to 8% and organic sales growth to be approximately 3% to 6%. As you read in the release, we announced back an incremental $85 million of cost inflation, compared to our original outlook. We're planning on incremental pricing laundry compaction and productivity to help offset. We continue to expect 10%-plus operating income growth to offset a 320 basis point increase in the effective rate -- effective tax rate. We continue to expect full year EPS in the range of 4% to 8%. However, we now expect to be at the low end of the range. And with that Matt and I would be happy to take any questions. 
Rick Dierker: One thing to add to that. That business is really supplies from different countries exported from the US for example. And as our fill rates in the US improve that's going to of course improve the fill rates internationally.
Rick Dierker: Yes I'll take the first one Kevin and Matt can take the second. Really on pricing, we've seen and this is what I said last quarter about a 20% to 30% impact better than we expected on elasticities for volume. We've continued to see that overall I would say and as we transition to the year of course now everyone talks about the consumer and the health of the consumer. And as Matt laid out in his prepared remarks, we've – we have assumptions as our fill levels gets back to normal. Our trade spending gets back to normal. Our marketing is two-thirds, one-third loaded in the back half. We have concentration hitting shelves now and will be there in the back half. And so there's a lot of things as tailwinds for the back half of our staple. But I'll let Matt talk more about the consumer.
Rick Dierker: Well. Hi, Bill, it's Rick. I'll take a -- it's relatively straightforward, right? We didn't change our revenue outlook range at all. So we still feel like overall net health of the annual consumption is strong. And as we improve our pricing, we have the ability to land anywhere within that range. So from a revenue perspective that's true international that's true. Orders fill will get better and international will get better as well. So the top line I would put that in a sound space but primary reason we adjusted the EPS outlook was because of inflation $85 million of inflation. And whereas before a quarter ago I said, hey -- online in the back half for resin ethylene and we think that it's going to be down anywhere between nine 9% to 10%. We just said you know what, we just saw the biggest spike in one month in our full year forecast that we've probably seen in the last couple of years. And we're now assuming spot rates at the end of March all the way through the end of the year. Now could that come down, because demand comes down because of other macro things? Yes but that's what we're assuming now. 
Rick Dierker: Well two things. One, we continue to be conservative just because we've seen 20% to 30% improvement it doesn't mean that's how we're necessarily going to forecast on a go-forward basis especially with everything happening with the macro. And we have a big range in revenue really. But for the easy way to think of it right now is yes pricing went up by a couple of points and then volume would come down by a couple of points. And that's why we stay in that range we had before. 
Rick Dierker: Hi, Dara, it's Rick. I think the easy one is in Q1, we expected volume to be down about 4% and it came down minus 5%. And that was all due to our laundry transition, right? We compacted our laundry business about 10%. And what does that mean? It means we had to replace all 150-plus SKUs of one size to another size. And when you have tight inventory there was some bumpiness in March. And so we had less than optimal fill levels for the period of March and April. And the good news is we've recovered on that now. So -- but that's what you're seeing in terms of the expectation is that's why we're slightly worse on volume.
Rick Dierker: And then with your pricing question right after this next tranche that Matt just alluded to that's going to be really effective in July or so. You'll probably see more to the pack sizes versus pure price increases from us, but we'll see and we'll adapt to the environment.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. No great question Rupesh. So we just said we are -- and in our original outlook contract and that's kind of what we reemphasize today contract. So I'm not going to give you an order of magnitude. I would just say that, yes, we expect improvement. Q1 and Q2 are going to look similar but then we're going to expect an improvement as we go through the entire year and we expect to be positive as we exit the year in Q4, largely because of pricing concentration, supply chains back in stock right -- supply chains back in stock and fill levels we have fewer trucks. We're very inefficient still in Q1. And then productivity build throughout the year as well. So that's why we think we're going to be in a good spot as we exit the year.
Rick Dierker: No, we -- I mean that's just a wording in the release, we expect to really kind of be at pre-COVID type levels by the end of the year.
Rick Dierker: No change. Since our outlook in January our company outlook is the same and there's no change to the three pieces.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, sure. Hi, Jason, it's Rick. I don't know if I answered it for Dara or not but it really has to do with laundry, right? Our volume guide for the quarter was down 4%. We really came in down 5%. And I would have said we would have beat our volume guide. We had the orders for it. But as we go through this transition of 10% compacted for laundry all these new bottles and against 150 SKUs. As that goes up and the other 150 has to come out then the execution was not flawless, because there's a lot of complexity. When you think of a new product and you're slotting in two or three SKUs and typically a retailer that's no problem with that every day. But when you're talking about 150 SKUs, we couldn't build the inventory that we wanted. And so we had hard cutoff dates. And so we were out of stock more than we would want in our laundry business, in March and even in some in April. And so that's why you see that kind of nuance that, as supply is recovering. And we're fully recovered we're at 90% fill levels on laundry for example this week. But as we went through that bumpiness that's why you have out of stocks at laundry one of our biggest businesses for a period of I don't know three or four weeks.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. No we mentioned maybe six months ago that a lot of the competitors had moved previously already, anywhere between 9%. And I don't know 13%. And so we lagged that move, but we've moved and this is big step for us 10% and we may do more in the future.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. No problem, Chris. This is Rick. I'll just refresh your memory on what we said previously. I won't get into the quarter, but I'll talk about the full year. We had said -- I had said previously we thought volume was minus one and price was plus 5.5 and that's how we got to the midpoint of our revenue range of 4.5 organically. And now I would probably say, it's closer to minus three on volume and plus seven or so on price. And it's -- the volume piece is of course the new pricing the elasticities for Fabric Care and Litter. And then, also Matt alluded to it in his comments, the DIY shopper foot traffic some of those hardware stores are down by about 10% or 12%. So we think that the Shower Heads business and WATERPIK will be down as well. So that's how we get to the volume of minus three. And then on the price of course the pricing is up because of those actions we've taken and also favorable mix. Our personal care portfolio the THERABREATH a lot of the brands in the portfolio for personal care are doing well.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. I would just say on the productivity front, it builds throughout the year. And the reason it builds is because, remember during all those key COVID times, and just really tight capacity times, we were unable to get line trials the plants to run some of these productivity projects. And as our capacity increases because our throughput is improved and our case members rise we'll have more time to do some of those qualifications. And that's why it builds throughout the year.
Rick Dierker: Yes. That all depends on the consumer and the macro environment as well. But I think what we both said earlier was, these two price increases are underway. And then we're also going to look at different pack sizes and other forms and move just list price increases unless there's another shoe that drops on inflation again.
Rick Dierker: Yes. You're talking about 9% price increases on average, but you're also talking about 9% of COGS inflation a year ago and that's our new outlook for this year as well. So big, big numbers of price because there's unprecedented levels of inflation. I don't think it would give us any more confidence in the future. It's great that when we price and our brands are number one or two, we've been able to do that and it's been relatively straightforward, but the entire ocean has kind of risen because of this global macro inflation and all competitors everywhere and every category are taking price. 
Rick Dierker: Yes. And then on your comment on the hedge, yes you're right we were 60% hedged within the year. A lot of this is diesel and -- diesel costs and oil-based inputs that we have that flow through other raw materials as an example. So those specific -- we do at times have hedged diesel. We just have not hedged a lot of diesel in 2022. So a lot of that diesel -- very quickly and then all the derivative products of oil that go through the supply chain. So that's really the basis of that. 
Rick Dierker: Yes, you're right. Those costs would also include third-party manufacturing costs that are especially for the raw materials components that they would have to have. So that's our best guess for the full year impact of that. And then fill levels Matt said in his remarks that in Q2 was our bottom quarter for the last seven or eight quarters. So we hit below 80%. And that was a bumpy transition for laundry, but it was also as Matt said in one month we had more out of -- labor issues than we had in many quarters last year. So the net of it though is I think to end on a positive is we are hitting mid to high 80s for the month of April. And in some key brands we're hitting in the 90s again already. So we have a lot of optimism. We can see the light at the end of the tunnel and that's why we're calling the back half of being recovered from a supply chain perspective. 
Rick Dierker: No, nothing else to add on that one. But on the volume question you had Lauren, I think it's just a combination. And, of course there's always volume implications to rise in price and harder to measure these days with all the different attributes going on with supply, demand, competition, lags on when pricing happens all those things. But we think there are two contributors to the quarter. We think it was the pricing elasticities and we think supply chain and I walked through some of the laundry bumpiness as well. So the good news is as we go through the year we hope that the supply chain stuff is improving and then we're left with really just purely some of the price elasticity on the volume side. 
Rick Dierker: Everywhere we raise price we have seen elasticity negative impacts on volume. We -- our comment has been those negative elasticities that were historical. I'm going to make it up for a second. If laundry, we say we raised price by 1% we expect volume to decline by 1%. In context of that we've said our elasticities have been 20% to 30% better than we expected. So that would mean that if price was up by 1%. In context of that we've said, our elasticities have been 20% to 30% better than we expected. So that would mean that, if price was up by 1%, our volume would be down by 0.8% of it, okay? So I would just say in every case, we've raised price, we have seen negative volume elasticity, but they've been better than we expected.
Rick Dierker: And just to add to that, most of these issues that we have isn't because we outsource a lot of our finished good third-party manufacturers. Most of this is because we've had one or two raw -- key raw material supplier or we haven't been fully vertically integrated for example. But the good news is all those choices and decisions were made 12 months ago to adjust and improve. And so we're seeing every month now more and more of these coming online. So again, that's why our fill rates are improving so rapidly in April and that's why we expect it to continue.
Rick Dierker: And then in terms of volume price in Q2, I would say, it's going to look a lot like the mix we saw in Q1, right? The midpoint of organic growth in Q2, I think, is going to be around 3.5%. I would say, volume is still going to be down around 5% because we saw some of that laundry, again concentration, bumpiness in early April because some retailers were not all the way full on shelf. And then from a price perspective that last 80% tranche of pricing is actually a full quarter effect. So it will be at or above Q1.
Matt Farrell: Yes. So we had a 0.3% organic growth in Q1. It won't be much better by the way in Q2. So we expect it's going to be back-end loaded starting in Q3. And yes, we said in our remarks that we have lockdowns we're dealing with in International. And the bigger problem actually is deliveries just getting product to deliveries. And this is especially prevalent in the GMG business, Global Markets Group. The Global Markets Group has grown significantly over the past five to six years and now it's one-third of International and it has been the fastest growing. And that part of the business has been growing 15% annually. So when that one slows down it affects the entire business. The important thing to keep in mind is we have the orders. We are just struggling to fill them either due to production problems or transportation issues. But we do expect those to continue in Q2 but be behind us in the second half.
Matt Farrell: Well look, monthly savings rates are back to pre-pandemic levels. We know there's significant inflation and the wage increases haven't necessarily caught up with inflation. It's $80 to get a tank of gas. The household balance sheets are thought to be strong because of accumulated savings. But as I said in my prepared remarks there are definitely indicators that would suggest the consumer is becoming more cautious right now. So if there is a downturn, we think we're well positioned because of our value products. Of course the other thing we have going for us is we have number one and number two brands. To give you some color on price we did take price on laundry detergent in mid-2021 and those were high single-digits. And we've seen others take price as well in large – Henkel for example, across all Sun and Purex, they've taken price increases of high single-digits to mid-teens. And even P&G for Tide Gain and Tide Simply is up 6% to 10%. And we're a value product. So given the most recent tranche of inflation, we're taking another step-up, which we will quantify that until we see again in July. So that's the story on laundry and litter. Our first round we took a high single-digit and we're taking another round right now. Nestlé with Tidy Cat, they've already taken two rounds of price increases and that's amounted to about 20% up and Clorox recently bumped up Fresh Step by high single digits. So -- and then if you went over to vitamins, we raised prices low teens and we're valued in vitamins. So we have more room because we're historically the value gummy but competitors going up right now as well 6% to 10%. So it's happening broadly. So we do watch what the competitors are doing as Rick said the elasticities have been too bad. But we think we're done for now with respect to pricing. We've had a couple of rounds in laundry and litter. We've done something in vitamins and we've done -- made surgical strikes in all the other categories. And because we have our -- the split between premium and value 60-40, we think we're in good shape whatever comes. 
Matt Farrell: We got a lot of them behind us already. They were a little bit better than we actually expected. But we do think that this brand is going to be a big grower for us in the 2023 2024 2025 Bill with additional distribution over time. 
Matt Farrell: Yeah. And you may remember Dara in my prepared remarks we hit rock bottom in Q1 with fill rates with the Omicron resurge. And we had more people calling out for COVID in one month than we had the prior two years.
Matt Farrell: Yes. As far as retailers go from the beginning of the pandemic, we've been palms up and very transparent with the retailers with respect to all of our difficulties in the category by category. So I would say our relationship with our retailers is good right now. And the price increases have not tarnished or impaired that relationship. Like I said our most recent one is being sold through right now laundry and litter we expect that to go well. But I would say our commercial team would say we're in good shape as far as the relationships with the retailers.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. No, I mean I talked to our Head of Sales this morning and we've got a lot of new distribution coming in, in 2022 notably in laundry detergent with the baby product that we just launched is incremental. So we're going to spreading that on shelf. So, yeah, we -- it's one of the reasons why we feel confident about the year.
Matt Farrell: I think the way to think about it, is maybe there was an advantage, but we've turned to historical gaps as a result of our concentration. So we don't think that's going to be an issue. Keep in mind that I called out some of the price increases that the competitors have taken like Henkel has gone up high-single digits to mid-teens. So there's a lot of movement in the category right now. So I don't think it's going to change the relationships or the consumers' perception of value.
Matt Farrell: Yes. No there's definitely some lost sales and in some cases, you can lose shelf space. Remember and particularly in our Global Markets Group we're dependent upon distributors to interface with the retailers. But it's -- we have very strong distributors in many countries. So, we think once we get back in supply these two quarters are not going to hurt us long term. 
Matt Farrell: Yes. I'll take the -- your second question first. We're only – Andrea, we're only communicating that price increase right now to the retailers so that exercise is not complete. So we won't be updating everybody on the magnitude of the price increase for laundry and litter until we talk to you in July. 
Matt Farrell: And Lauren, I can give you a little more color too on the household just talking about litter. So if you look at litter sold on deal right now it's around 10% and it's typically in the high teens. And -- well everybody had problems in Q1 Clorox, Nestle, Church & Dwight as far as supply so intermittent out of stocks. So again low promotion. So yes it will probably be a slow roll for that to come back for the remainder of the year but as I said before if it does we'll be prepared. 
Matt Farrell: No, yes, that's a good question, Steve. We've made major changes in our supply chain. And what we're trying to do right now is have a shorter more resilient supply chain. And if you talk to our folks in supply chain, you'll hear that we've qualified dozens and dozens of new co-packers and suppliers, so that we have -- across the system, because there's no telling whether or not there's -- someday there's going to be another pandemic or some other black swan event. So, we said we got to be prepared for that. And it's created just a ton of work for our teams over the past couple of years. But -- when we come out of this, we're going to feel like we're even more resilient than we were going in. So it did definitely expose some of the weaknesses in our structure, which we've now cured in the last 18 months. 
Matt Farrell: No. I would say, our remarks about what we're seeing with -- just to remind you, we still -- value detergent had been losing ground to premium for many quarters and then in Q1, so this is recent. It's now kind of flattish. And the trends we saw are Q1 trends with our orange box in litter, which is value is now moving faster than our black box, which is premium and that's a reversal of the prior trends. So, yes, I mean the commentary is recent and we're generally very transparent on these calls, we'll tell you what we're seeing. And that does influence our thinking with respect to what went may be ahead. Now is it -- could it be just we're going to have a few months where people are now traveling more and spending more money on experiences versus products. Yes, that could be part of it, but we did want to alert everybody to what we're seeing.
Matt Farrell: VMS is actually holding up well. So demand is still high. As far as the price goes, the -- what I said, we've raised prices low-teens and that competitors are going up as well 6% to 10%. And historically, our -- have been the value gummy and still will be with these price increases. So we've had more room to move up. And yeah, ingredients and inputs and obviously transportation costs are all impacting the vitamin business. So it's no different than the other business as far as our logic for raising price. But the category is healthy. Demand is still strong. The gummy category was up, consumption was up 11% in Q1. And our household penetration is up appears to be sticking. And you always have the tailwinds of the wellness trend. Despite of this we also have a business for nasal hygiene and that was a pretty sleepy category once upon a time. It's much bigger outside the US, where we have a product like STERIMAR, but nasal hygiene category has been picking up. And I guess the other comment on the categories is private label share of gummies has declined. Last year first quarter it was 24%. And right now it's 22% so it's down 200 basis points. So yeah, I think the category is strong. Our issues are supply issues frankly right now.
