Rick Spann: I'm going to take a few moments to talk about our efforts to secure the performance of our supply chain. Like many manufacturers, we have stepped up our focus on resiliency over the last two years. Here's how we articulate our strategy. Church & Dwight has a short, resilient and tariff proof supply chain serving Western and APAC market with local manufacturing. We have implemented several initiatives to reduce the length of our supply chain over the last few years. One example is how we are supplying our growing business in the APAC region. In 2020, 0% of our business sold in APAC was manufactured there. By the end of next year, 40% will be sourced from within the region. Closer to home, we have added 3PLs to our distribution network, which has enabled us to position buffer inventory closer to our customers DCs in the southeast and south-central regions. In order to reduce tariffs and our overall dependency on China, we have started to move WATERPIK manufacturing to other Southeast Asia locations. By the end of 2023, 50%. of our volume will be produced ex-China. We do a good job of managing a complex base of suppliers and co-packers. In order to add additional sourcing options, we have increased our co-manufacturing base by 19% since the start of the pandemic and our supplier base by 22%. We now have many more options when we face upstream disruptions. Of course, in addition to a large base of contract manufacturers, we have impressive in-house manufacturing capabilities, with an ability to produce a wide array of products in multiple format across our 15 plants. We’ve have done a lot of work over the last two years to increase throughput out of our plants and to be the best employer in areas where we operate, so that we can retain and attract talented employees and we are making significant capacity investment in-house in order to stay ahead of our growing categories. We have either completed or have active capacity projects underway for scent boosters, liquid laundry, unit dose laundry, trigger products, VMS and cat litter. We have a dedicated and talented supply chain team. The vision that they march to is to maintain operational excellence while creating the supply chain in the future. Our talented team has done a great job of dealing with the many urgent issues that the pandemic has put in front of them, while building more resiliency for the future.  And now back to Matt.
Rick Spann: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So we're doing a lot, as you saw from the presentation, we're investing in incremental capacity. Those projects take time, of course. So where - we need to, where we're increasing our third-party manufacturing, to supplement supply to hold us over until the capacity projects come on stream. But as Matt said, we will progress up through the mid-90s by the end of the year. Omicron gave us a step back with high absenteeism, but we're already starting to see absenteeism and improving our plants and now we're focusing on upstream supply of materials. 
Rick Spann: Yes, I would say in general Bill, it takes about 18 months for a capacity project. And you're right, we have available space in the network, not necessarily just work but in the network. But those capital projects run into the same things that are happening all over the globe and macro economy in terms of labor availability and timing of machinery and stuff like that. Rick, respond anything you have to add on that one.
Rick Spann: Yes. So it's a - in short story is that we did leave money on the table because of difficulties with getting supply.
Matt Farrell: Thanks, Rick. Let's spend a few minutes on how we run the company. We have five operating principles. Number one, we leverage our brands, number two, we are a friend of the environment. Number three, we have highly productive people. Number four, we strive to be asset light. And finally, number five, we leverage acquisitions. If you do the first four well, you will have good shareholder returns. If you can add solid acquisitions, you can generate great returns. Number one, we are fortunate to have brands that consumers love and we have dozens of brands around the world. Number two, we have a long history of being a friend of the environment. You can see some of the milestones on this slide. We are very proud of our heritage. And you heard Barry take us through our most recent commitment to science-based targets. In addition to our goal of being carbon neutral by 2025 through science-based targets, we have a goal of reducing our water usage by 10% annually and maintaining a solid waste recycling rate of 75%. And we have received plenty of recognition for our ESG efforts. A few of them are displayed here. Number three, we have the most productive people in the CPG space. We have approximately 5,000 employees with 1 million in sales per employee. We believe this is an underappreciated performance measure. Our people are motivated by a simple compensation structure with four metrics, sales, gross margin, EPS and cash from operations. Our long-term incentives are stock options, so we are aligned with shareholders to drive our valuation. We have a focus on gross margin. This is an uncommon incentive compensation metric. While we missed our gross margin target in 2021, that hasn't shaken our confidence. We are still focused on the four drivers of gross margin expansion. Good to Great, which is our continuous improvement program, supply chain optimization, new products and acquisition synergies. Number four is, leverage assets. We are an asset light company. Historically, CapEx average is about 2% of sales. That will be higher in 2022 and 2023, as we expand our capacity in our growing businesses, namely vitamins, laundry, and litter. Number five is, leverage acquisitions. As I said earlier, we have a long history of growth through acquisitions. We have clear acquisition criteria and the discipline to apply that criteria, which is to buy number one or number two brands. They need to grow at or above our Evergreen model and have gross margins in excess of corporate gross margins. We are attracted to businesses that are asset light. Oftentimes, we can leverage our scale to generate synergies and finally they need to have a sustainable competitive advantage.  Our long term view is this. We have 14 power brands today, 20 tomorrow. Next up is Rick to take us through the financials.
Matt Farrell: Yes, sure. I'll take the quarter and some of those answers are going to be explained and we’re talking about the full year as well. So on Q1, our outlook is 1% to 2%, Chris. And it's largely two reasons, but let me talk about price/volume mix first for the year. So if you take our – the midpoint of our outlook for organic growth, it's about 4.5%, right, 3% to 6%, midpoint is 4.5%. We would say that price mix is about 5.5% and then –we have a drag of volume of about 1%. All that 1% in Q4 and Q1, though, so that's 4%. And the rationale is three things. One is volume elasticities, right, all the price increases that we're effective in 2021, we're really in the second half of the year. Number two, we discontinued some club programs for WATERPIK. And then as we always do, we rationalize low margin volume for laundry. So those are three reasons why we're 1% to 2% in the quarter. And that's also why price/volume mix actually improves throughout the year. Organic improves throughout the year and gross margin also improved throughout the year.
Matt Farrell: Yes, that's exactly what we would do, Chris, and obviously we have a wide range for both reported and for organic. So I saw our supply chain issues abate and we're getting more shipments outdoor, got opportunity to spend more on marketing. And the expectation is anyway for '22 versus '21, that our marketing dollars are going to be up year-over-year. Just said, if you look at the percentage may not be lower than '21, but you got to keep in mind, you get big price increases that are driving the top line. So, the relationship is a little bit different percentage of sales, but our dollar spent is up in '22 versus '21.
Matt Farrell: Yes. You are right about our elasticities. Our elasticities are actually much better than we had expected. So if you took a liquid laundry, for example, it's in a 20 to 30 range, and we expected it to be worth actually, and that'll actually probably improve going forward simply because we know that both Proctor and Nickel are now raising prices. Or as the range grows, it’s kind of a wide range, we haven't had a range like that in the past, but it's with good reason. Our fill levels have been low for not just the past 12 months, but it's almost the past 18 months, and we've had difficulty raising them. So to the extent that our labor issues are big and not only in-house, but also out-house. Suppliers and co-packers are also struggling with labor. That's we get more and more product to ship. We're going to have much higher top line. Now look, we also know we have a high single-digit price increase. So you think well, if you get a high single-digit price increase, you would think that you're going to have a pretty robust reported top line and an organic top line, which we will, if we can can ship the product. But that's - we had to leave ourselves some room because we're anticipating things getting better, but hasn't happened yet.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Okay. Let's talk about vitamins first. So demand is really high for vitamins, right now. And the category was up 8% for the full year and our share position is very strong. You heard from Barry earlier a household penetration is up and is sticking and we have tailwinds, of course, two of them, one is the wellness trend and the other one is to transition from pills and capsules to gummies. And part of our success in the last few years and we think continuing into the future is going to be our new product launches. They've done really well this past year. As far as private label let those come up from time-to-time. Private label share gummies has declined in four consecutive quarters. It went from 25% four quarters ago, now 21%, the most recent quarter. And looking ahead to 2022, we have a nice line up for new products. We can sell everything we make and we have a couple of co-packers that are going to be coming online mid-year, so that should give us some relief.
Matt Farrell: Kevin, I could have predicted this question was common. I think you are consistent. I think you asked that question annually.
Matt Farrell: No, no, no, I'm - I understand the math. But the way - the way we've used the Evergreen model is we do it for our long range planning. And yes, we don't everyone leave us so short from a capacity standpoint. So just because we have a 3% Evergreen model, doesn’t mean that we would put any governor's or caps on our - on capacity expansion because it's the last thing you want to do is to be completely sold out. So I would remind you as well that the Evergreen model is - is also something that is very important to financial literacy within the company because it's something we talk about all the time. It's familiar to all of our employees. So yes, there is some merit to your argument, where we to say, we're going to grow at a 4% organic level takes some of the air out of the balloon when it comes to gross margin, but does still - we will still arrive at the 8% EPS number on the bottom, so yes It's not something we don't think about Kevin. Don't think once a year when you asked this question, give it some thought. But yes, stay tuned. It's something we've been looking at.
Matt Farrell: Yes, no, we have - I'm going dish this to Mike Read in a second but you're absolutely right that we've had intermittent lockdowns in a lot of markets. Internationals also hampered by transportation issues and containers and getting product. And if you look at our guide for next year, we said 5% to 7% and, our Evergreen number is 6%, so we are expected to be in the sweet spot but maybe Mike you could give a little bit of color on what we've been experiencing in International markets.
Matt Farrell: Yes, and as far as acquisitions go, we've had this question from time-to-time, what categories are we interested in? And if you asked us that two years ago, I think we probably would not have come up with - going into call it shortening or going into mouthwash. But - so what we do because we have a competency in making so many different types of products in our manufacturing facility, so we can put liquid in a bottle, we can make aerosols, we can put the powder in a box, gels, et cetera. There's a lot of things that we know how to make and can manage. So, consequently, we throw a very wide net when we're looking at potential acquisitions. And we have a well-worn list of acquisitions that we went through in our pitch this morning and the five criteria which that does weed out a lot of categories, but we wouldn't be able to call out hey, here's a couple of categories we're looking for acquisitions, Andrea, just our process doesn't work that way.
Matt Farrell: Yes, yes. Well, look, there's some things that we didn't raise price on in 2021 that we're looking ahead to pricing in 2022. We're not going to get all the way to 100% but we expect to get above 80%. You know, some categories that we haven't priced on we just bought into the mouthwash category, right, that'd be one. So ZICAM is another one that we found that for a year, so we haven't taken price on that. But anything that we intend to take pricing we've already baked done. So it's not - you shouldn’t be thinking that that's going to be all upside.
Matt Farrell: Yes, well, there were certain brands particularly, personal care that we decided to put more money behind where our fill rates weren't as bad, that might have been neglected earlier in the year, so BATISTE, would be - would be one of those WATERPIK would be another and even THERABREATH, even though we own just for a week or so. We spend money behind that because we want to get that off to a good start. So we put some money behind that late - late December.
Matt Farrell: Yes. The only thing I would add - thanks, Rick - is that you know, in some cases, we're doing capacity increases on top of capacity increases. I mean, our litter volume, volume growth has been explosive and so we're - we're pouring more money into capacity increases there. So that's - that that's part of the dynamic, and then the other piece of it is just what Rick said, our lead times on equipment that we're purchasing for these capacity increases has increased pretty dramatically versus what they were pre-COVID because - because of those supply chains are also impacted.
Matt Farrell: Yes, certainly. I think we've been pretty clear these last few quarters that when you look at ship into consumption, right? Our consumption in Q4 was anywhere between 6% and 7%. And our domestic organic rate was 3.5%. And so that's been pretty, pretty consistent GAAP these last few quarters. That's also why we think we're going to have a high - high range in 2022. Like as supply chain improves and Matt respond both commented on how that's going to sequentially improve to the year that's also going to be a tailwind next year.
Matt Farrell: Yes, maybe I'll take that one first. Will give it to Paul, you can you can respond to the question about retailers, but you're up first Rick.
Matt Farrell: Hey, thanks, everybody for joining us. We had a spectacular '21 and hope to have another good one in '22. We'll talk to everybody at the end of April after Q1. Thanks for joining us today.
Rick Dierker: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Olivia, it's Rick, is 2021 was the most volatile year in many, many years. And so we're used to give in tight ranges, but 2022 we expect to be very volatile as well. And so, like a lot of companies, we just ensure we have a range of possibilities for the revenue line and the earnings line.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And then as - in terms of the operating expansion where that's coming from? You're right Olivia, we've said that gross margin is going to be down, marketing as a percent of sales will be down, dollars will be up and that means we're going to also leverage SG&A. We've said for many years when you look at our Evergreen model for SG&A, we're trying to get 25 basis points from that. And we've done the math and we've said, hey, if we can grow our SG&A dollars at half the rate of sales in the Evergreen model, right, 3% of sales then it starts 15 basis points. And so our revenue is growing anywhere between 5% and 8% next year, so we're going to be able to leverage that because we're still having the same type of dollar increase on SG&A. So we expect that to stop. I'm not going to point to any specific details, but we’ll have more leverage than normal because our top lines growing faster.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I'll take the incremental pricing. So we did announce, you know, a few months ago that we were going have a commodity price hit that extra 30% its - now we're 80% plus and that’s going hit in late February. We haven't - and we wouldn't front run any other conversations on pricing on this call. But we will report back and let you know when there is incremental pricing above that 80%.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And Rupesh, this is Rick. I just want to add one line to that. We had 4.7% organic growth in Q4 for international, so somebody might say, oh, well, that's a little below your Evergreen model for international. But I would tell you, if you look back in Q4 2020 we grew 14.9%. So on the two year stack, the 19.5% growth rate is the strongest quarter actually in the whole year.
Rick Dierker: Yes. On the CapEx side, we have a slide in the analyst deck and we actually put out a number. I think it was $212 million off top of my head, but it was $200 million-plus for 2022, and it was $300 million - it was $216 million in 2022 and it's plus $300 million in 2023 is what we're putting out there right now just for those capacity projects like laundry, litter and vitamins. In terms of gross margin, I think the biggest thing on gross margin and we've talked about how it's going to improve throughout the year, is really just the - when you take price, - oh let's talk about inflation. We have $150 million of inflation, right? So the simple math is when you do that, you're down like 300 basis points on margin. But when you take price, even if you take price about 150 million to offset it, you only get a margin benefit of about 160 or 170 basis points, because it impacts the top line and impacts COGS. So, I think as I said before, gross margin improves throughout the quarter and we'll exit the year with positive gross margin in Q4.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Thanks, Andrea. I'll do some of the margin discussion and Matt will do the M&A question. I wasn't really given a margin bridge. I was just given an example on how price doesn't have the same margin impact as inflation would. I wasn't really got into specific numbers there, but we're not going to get into the margin details piece. It’s just more volatile than normal. And so the guidance is that we're going to decline on gross margin for 2022.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I'll give you a little bit of context on ZICAM. Number one cold shortening, it's got a 76% share. The recent trends are certainly encouraging. So, if you looked at consumption in Q4 2021 versus 2020, it was up 21%. So, it's the brand we brought - we bought for the long-term and expect it to - we do expect it to be a contributor to sales and profits in 2022, but wouldn't necessarily call out what the net sales number is for a particular brand.
Rick Dierker: Right. And there are some areas where there hasn't been cost inflation like they’re small but there are some areas where that hasn't happened and you don't have the cost or to go back to retailers on a few brands.
Rick Dierker: Right, but I would say overall, we expect the 80% to go a little bit higher and we also expect to revisit price increases we've made.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So the capital that we're contributing is actually internal capacity for gummy manufacturing. We're also working with third-party manufacturers to increase our capacity but no, no capital contributions there. The growth rate you know if you look back, right, when we bought this business, the percent of gummies for heart pills in the total vitamin category was 3%. Now we're in the 20%s. And we have long term visions of that's going to continue to go to the 30%s and 40%s over time. So we think that growth rate is high is what I would tell you.
Barry Bruno: Correct. Correct. And even better if I could that because you even consider changing where it's, you know, less emphasis on the 50 basis points of margin improvement which is tough to do year-in year-out in the absence of favorable mix from doing deals. So heavier on the top line and even something 25 to 50 on operating margin. So sorry for cutting you off, but go ahead.
Barry Bruno: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. I think 90 days in or so, I think - you know, I've been telling the international story for so long before about how much is there. I think I see ample opportunity here in the U.S., as well, right. There are so many of those trends that I took you through earlier in the presentation that are so well suited to our brands and the categories that we're in. So, you know, I've been beating up on the U.S. guys, when I was in international for a while. But I'd say equally excited here and whether it's around vitamins or whether it's around laundry our supply comes back, ample opportunity everywhere. And then in terms of challenges or things, I'm looking at, as we spend more in media, where Trick and Matt, mentioned up in absolute dollars next year. What's the best spend of that digital gets really, really attractive because of its perceived perfect measurability. But I think Linear still has a role, Linear TV still has a role for its broad reach. So really working on that right mix of Linear versus digital and kind of upper funnel brand building versus lower funnel by now by here kind of stuff. So those are early thoughts. Great opportunity. Want to get the marketing mix right as it's a large line item in our P&L
Barry Bruno: Yes, you got it right. Again, historically, Peter 3%, 4% has been kind of the weighted average growth of the categories that we're in, obviously, elevated in 2020, still high in 2021. There are a number of them that are going to benefit from some of the trends that I touched on when I look at vitamins as a new behavior that's more permanent and we're in more and more households and vitamins are overall, of course. So, there's a few that'll continue to benefit, but I think there's a reversion to more normal levels as things return back to normal. So, is that in the 4% range versus 6%? I think that's a safe assumption.
Barry Bruno: Yes, I mean, we think it's an - get to be more like a normal cold and flu season, but probably not all the way too bright. Yes, we're not going to get all the way back yet. I think that'll happen in 2023.
