Richard A. Dierker: Matt and I can both answer that. But, Kevin, from a financial perspective, I'd say it's pretty broad based. We have higher promotional spending. Yes, we also have higher advertising. So, I think it's a combination. And, that's kind of the – again, broad-based across advertising and promotional spending.
Richard A. Dierker: Sure. So, Kevin, just to touch briefly, we don't really go into the detail of our online sales. We've said historically, it's 1% to 3% of sales, just like any other CPG company, that's true, I'd say it's fast growing. From a market share perspective, we don't really comment on that either. What I will do for you though is help you with the tracked versus not-tracked and there is two or three drivers on that disconnect. For example, there's probably around 200 basis points from club and online, plus the fact that BATISTE isn't really tracked in Nielsen data from the reports you guys get. There is also a disconnect when you don't spend on promotion. So for example XTRA, consumption is down 6%, our net sales is essentially flat because we're not spending as deeper on promotion, same thing with Spinbrush, which we talked about before as well, we're up 10% consumption, net sales were up 15%. So when you're trying to bridge consumption all the way back to organic, those are a couple of the reasons why and I'll turn it back over to Matt for online.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I think it's a couple things. I mean, what you're getting to is also just deceleration from first half to second half. But the incremental promotional spending, right, that's one. We're up against higher comps for vitamin, like for example our Personal Care growth was up big in Q2, up 8% organically. And for vitamins we were cutting a year ago in Q2 and that kind of lessened as we got in the back half. And then, category comps for laundry for example are up a little bit in the back half, and then International growth, the first half was at 10% and the full year is at 7% to 8%. So that implies a second half of 4% to 5%. So all those reasons are why we're decelerating a little bit. But, I'd say that's – our original outlook was 3%, we always thought it would be, we raised that at the beginning of the year to 3% to 4%. And we always knew it was going to be a little bit lumpy.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Well, I mean, the other comment I'd make is the laundry category – going back to the category dynamics for a second, if you go back to 2015, the laundry category was actually down in Q1, right. And in 2016, the laundry category was up in Q1. So on a stacked basis that was around 5%. In Q2, it's around 4%. But then, when you look out, the laundry category actually had 2% to 3%, almost 4% growth in the back half of the year in 2015. So, part of it is, like I said before, Household comparisons for laundry and then Personal Care, really vitamins going from Q2 to the back half is a more difficult comp.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. We've said that publicly before. We said Personal Care margins are about 2000 basis points better than Household.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I mean other online brand that's very strong is TROJAN for example. That helped lead to the Personal Care organic growth in Q2. Across the board, oral care has been pretty strong as well and that's happening in club, online. Those are two examples, but again it's – we don't get all riled up about the tracked versus non-tracked, it's – a piece of it is, although the whole concept of promotional volume and not chasing that promotional volume, that causes a little bit of a disconnect between organic and consumption.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, but overall, even online, the Personal Care mix is slanted toward Personal Care, so that helps the margin as well. So we're happy with that.
Richard A. Dierker: To the full year? I would probably say, partly mix but also because of the organic revenue growth on Personal Care. But I'd also say, we were pleasantly surprised as we turned the corner on our vitamin manufacturing and our vitamin distribution efficiencies. A year ago when we were cutting customers, the trucks were going out every day and they weren't always filled, because we wanted to get that next shipment to the retailer as soon as possible. When we look back this quarter for example, our fill rate's closer to 99%. So we're shipping out full truckloads again. So that's as an example of what's going on with gross margin.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Joe, I think, you are very familiar with the story. And we've been a perennial volume company. I think this past quarter we had some positive price mix as well and that was because we had lower promotions. It was – but I'd say for the go-forward, it's typically always volume. So that's how I would look at it.
Richard A. Dierker: And then as we're spending back a little bit incrementally on promotions or whatnot, it might be a flat to slightly negative drag for price.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I mean, that's what the difference between our original outlook of minus 10 basis points to plus 25 basis points of spending and that was really the conversation last quarter for the full year. Now that incremental 15 basis points is higher medical cost. Just like many other companies we are self-insured and every now and then we have catastrophic events that we have to cover and then, plus higher incentive comp. Gross margin's doing really well. So, is cash flow and we feel good about the outlook.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I mean, the only thing – again, to break out the 110 basis points we said it was 60 basis points for commodities, 50 basis points for lower manufacturing cost, 10 basis points for price volume mix, 20 basis points from really the new acquisitions and the 30 basis points drag for FX. The commodity stuff, we are starting to lap. That really started a year ago in August. So, back half of 2015. So, that's not sustainable for our go forward future. So, that's always a risk. Lower manufacturing cost I think, we do a great job in this company with our productivity program and that's really – that leads into our kind of operating model. Price volume mix, so, typically we are a volume grower. We don't really take price in a lot of categories. Acquisitions, that's all dependent on what we do buy, typically we do recently have bought Personal Care type businesses with higher margins, and then of course the currency as we lap that drag, hopefully that will be a little bit more benign. So hopefully that gives you some color, Rupesh.
Richard A. Dierker: And, Lauren, I would add two things. Number one; I wouldn't expect – our comments on promotional volume isn't really saying we're going to go spend a lot of money back in the laundry category to drive promotions. We're going to continue to support OXICLEAN laundry. Right now if you look at the data, our amount sold on deal just in total is lower than a year ago or right at levels of a year ago. So we're not throwing a whole ton of money back into across the brands. The other thing I would say is from a commodity perspective; commodities are starting to inch up. So, we've said previously in Q1 and Q2, for example, that resin was down 10%, surfactants were down 20% and that was true. The second half, we're starting to lap those comparisons. So resin will likely be closer to be flat and surfactants will probably be closer to up slightly, just for context.
Richard A. Dierker: No, I think, you're exactly right, Steve. I think, our comment started off at a country or two, Australia for example, has a high comp and that evolved to a one-liner in the release. But International, as I said before, the first half was really 10% growth and so with the full year at 7% to 8% and that means the second half is going to be closer to 4% or 5%. That's really the context you should think of for the International growth for the year.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, so a couple things. I think I went through the detail of why it's not just the incremental promotional spending. But up against some higher comps for vitamins and the category comps for laundry, for example, and the whole International strong growth but deceleration. We're spending quite a bit of money back on marketing and that's going to take some time to really pull through demand. On the incremental trade and really couponing spending, those investments are really to drive trial for new products. That's the crux of it. And so we want to get that repeat rate up. I think it's too early to call volume upside from driving trial, so that really – we're just early in the process, Jason, and we think that when we get back up to our competitors' levels of promotion and are just on par with what we had a year ago even, we think that'll be a nice momentum as we exit 2016.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Right. We're not going to give you where our sales are today, but we have plenty of room to run. Your other part of the question was contribution margin.
Richard A. Dierker: And I talked about that a little bit last quarter and I said, it's going to take us a few years to grow into those fixed overheads. And it really goes back to the fact that, you're right, we have to get some more revenue and more scale. But every quarter that goes by, we get better and better at manufacturing vitamins in Pennsylvania and our skill set just improves all the time. So it's within reach within a few years. So we feel great about that.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes, absolutely. The other piece I've tried to explain once or twice, there is also a disconnect between when consumption is down and we don't promote in certain categories, our organic growth could be flat or up and so that's also a disconnect between shipments and organic growth.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, we touched on that a little bit earlier as well, we are pretty much agnostic. Because, while margins are tougher sometimes on the Household business. It's also slanted more towards the Personal Care type of portfolio that wants to go online. So, net-net when you blend those two together, we are pretty much agnostic.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Hey, Kevin, just to give you maybe a little more color. In my remarks, I said, hey, there's a lot of discounting going on in laundry and litter. And litter for example, we actually pulled back on trade promotions year-over-year in Q2 while at the same time, if you looked at Tidy Cat or Fresh Step they were up significantly in Q2. And even in laundry, the amount sold on deal for ARM & HAMMER was actually lower year-over-year in Q2, whereas if you looked at Tide, Simply Tide or Sun or especially Purex, are way up in the amount sold on deal year-over-year. So, every quarter is different. So you got to react to what's going in the marketplace and as I said, we're – we want to stay behind OXICLEAN, OXICLEAN laundry so, we're in it for long-haul there. And here and there in some other categories there's some competitive moves that we need to react to. So, fortunately, we have the financial flexibility in order to do that and as you know, we got a big portfolio of brands. So, we're in a position where we need some help, we're going to put the help there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. So, just broadly as Rick said, that most consumer products companies have sales between 1% and 3% online and online is actually not as clear as you might think in order to determine shares, because you got Amazon, walmart.com, target.com, there is lots of places where we want our product to be available and the whole game is, you want your product to be ubiquitous, right, it needs to be wherever a consumer wants to find it. So we're looking at this as just another class of trade. We have a convergence going on between research and advertising, right? So a lot of the research now, a lot of consumer behavior research is digital, it's online. At the same time a lot of the advertising is online. So we understand that, so we're weaving both our advertising and our research efforts together as a result. It's the early innings for everybody and everybody has got to look at do we have the right pack sizes for online. You're going to have different packs online than you have in the store just to take the weight out. We always look at change as our friend, because we're a small company. So we think that we can react to change a lot faster than other companies. So we're kind of looking forward to competing online.
Matthew T. Farrell: I don't know if it's – I'd say competition has heated up because the amount sold on deal. It's certainly higher than it was year-over-year. Sequentially it's probably consistent with the first quarter. The way we run the business, Bill, is we put a range out there, 7% to 9%. So we're pretty much targeting the midpoint of a range generally. We get a great first half, so we say, hey, we don't see our way to 7%. So we're going to say – so we're going to take the bottom in the range off so we'll call 8% to 9%. And we don't try to hit the home run in any one year. We're always thinking about the next year. So we want to make sure we're positioned well going into next year. So to the extent we have the dough, we're going to spend it back. And this has been a perennial move on the part of Church & Dwight.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Because we – I would say that because we pulled back as a percentage of sales on deal for litter in the second quarter. Actually that's something we would try to remedy in the back half. Because obviously we lost some share there. But we – share can be a saw tooth, it can go up and down. But I will say that it's definitely competitive in litter. You have both Tidy Cat and Clorox spending a lot of dough promoting their products. So obviously we have to react to that. But laundry is our biggest category and that's one we're also have to react. XTRA continues to lose share, we're managing that for profit. But there is a line that we won't cross. So we have to make sure we shore that up in the second half.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. And, Bill, as you know, Personal Care products lend themselves more to online sales than the heavy litter and detergent products.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Okay. Well, the four that were up were OXI stain fighters, Nair, BATISTE and vitamins. So the other ones we might talk about, Spinbrush for example, that category, battery-operated toothbrushes, was up 9.5%. Our adult toothbrush was up 10% but kids was soft. So, sort of a balance there, it's where we fell back. XTRA, we talked about. Obviously deep discounting there, particularly on the part of Sun products and some Simply Tide as well. Orajel, the issue there was private label had a good quarter. Condoms, that kind of ebbs and flows, so we generally don't worry too much about the condom share because we have approximately 75% share in that category. FIRST RESPONSE through, there has been a lot of couponing and competition that we have to address. Some of that by the way for the earlier questions is pregnancy kits is also an area that we're putting some money behind in the second half because we lost some share as a result of competition in the second quarter. And the ARM & HAMMER brand in total all forms was down, driven by litter. It was down slightly, all forms about 10 basis points, but it was really litter that was the driver there. So, that's sort of the rundown on the 10 brands, Caroline.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. No, it's – look, when we say four out of 10 it's not like we're unhappy. I don't think we've ever had a 10 out of a 10 quarter, I think six would be great, six out of 10. And if the rest were around flattish. So yeah, I mean, some of them are – there are clearly issues in each of those different brands, but we expect to remedy them in the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. So think of it, it's not just the UK. We have a European business that's our number one subsidiary followed by Canada, which is number two. Europe would encompass primarily the UK and France. And they've been doing fabulously behind BATISTE, certainly is their biggest brand. But they also have STERIMAR, which is a feminine hygiene brand and – or pardon me, Femfresh is a feminine hygiene brand, and then STERIMAR which is our nasal hygiene brand. So they've been doing extremely well.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, no, no. No issues, it's just that we have the league table. So the ones that are at the top of the league table in the quarter get to take a bow.
Matthew T. Farrell: Actually some of the products that we sell online can be higher margin than they are in bricks-and-mortar. So it's a balance right now. We're pretty happy with the margins online. I think the heavier products like litter is where we'd be more pressed on margin. They would be lower than anything we would have in bricks-and-mortar.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, this is a question we get all the time, what's our perspective on the consumer? And I'm not going to tell you anything you haven't read in the Wall Street Journal. So we keep an eye on employment rates, median household income. You can see oil is going down again, it dipped below $40 this week. So obviously, that's good from a disposable income standpoint. But the issue is GDP. So GDP is, some of the banks are calling it 1.5% for the U.S. this year. So you don't have – and you don't have significant population growth. So everybody is struggling to find growth in the U.S. and oftentimes the suppliers, producers resort to price, if they don't have innovation. So that's sort of a – that's what we're looking at right now, Rupesh.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Okay. Because obviously we have Tidy Cat getting behind their light weight variants and Clorox has their litter with Febreze, so...
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Exactly, so we had pulled back on amount sold on deal in the second quarter for litter, and we lost some share. Okay. That's fine. It's not like that we're surprised by that, but one quarter doesn't make a year. Your question is, if you think about our various categories, are there a lot of other categories that are sensitive to commodities? I would say, other than laundry, that's where all the questions go and why, because we're worried about surfactants and ethylene prices and resin, et cetera. If you think about all the commodities that we sweat – just going to run down them. So there is surfactants, which is derived from ethylene and then you have resin. Diesel, which is going to affect our transportation costs, but that affects everything. Latex for condoms, but that's actually a small part of the cost of goods sold. And then you have paper, so we have so many things that are packaged in paperboard. So, and then as you get a lot smaller after that, soda ash, which is pretty tepid right now and things like palm fatty acid distillate. So, we would say with the exception of laundry, there aren't a lot of categories that we'd say are going to be dramatically affected by commodities.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. No, there is no question, you hit the two that are leading the pack and one is vitamins, where as I said in my opening remarks that we have 5% increase in distribution which is pretty significant, because obviously that carries over into future quarters. And then BATISTE is just a craze. So it's getting more and more shelf space. And when you're the – there are more and more retailers becoming more interested in it. So, it seems like almost every quarter now, we're gaining more distribution and then that has a compounding effect. That's why we, although, it's a small brand, we continue to talk about it because it is influencing our numbers. So, you've hit on the two big ones there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Just to add to that, Jason. If you went to first quarter 2015, the laundry category declined round numbers 1.5%, and then first quarter 2016 it was up 6.5%. So on a stack basis, I know a lot of people like to talk on a stack basis, you'd say laundry was up 5% on a two-year basis. And Q2, on a two-year basis stack, it was 4%. If you go to three and four last year, Q3 was 2.5% and Q4 was 3.5%. So that would suggest, you're going to see deceleration in laundry. If you're a believer in the stack theory and if we think it's going to be around 4% to 5%, we're seeing a deceleration in the laundry category on a year-over-year basis. So who knows that's just math. But it's something to think about.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, with respect to what our sales are by country, we wouldn't get into that. And one thing I would like to dispel is the belief that the BATISTE is the sole driver of the international business. ARM & HAMMER is growing quite a bit in Canada and Mexico and this is kind of anchored in the benefits of baking soda and that seems to be resonating with people both in developed and emerging markets. Femfresh is another one I talked about which is feminine hygiene. One interesting phenomenon you might be interested in is there's a lot of product being purchased in Australia and then shipped to China like shelves being swept, we're not the only ones that have benefited that from time-to-time. So, that can help, has helped Australia from here and there. STERIMAR is the other one I talked about, so that's a nasal hygiene product. Had fabulous growth in Mexico this year and France last year behind strong marketing and lots of new products that we bring out. So it's a nice balance between our export business and our country growth.
Matthew T. Farrell: It's a little early, it's only August, but you may be familiar with our evergreen model. So every year we try to expand our operating margins 50 basis points and generally half of that that will come from SG&A and half of it from gross margin when we try to keep marketing pretty level and not save our way to prosperity by cutting our advertising.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. All right. There are no further questions. I want to thank you all dialing in today. We'll talk to you again at the end of October.
