Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. All right, gang. Come on up. It's not often you get the entire management team, so don't be bashful to ask some questions. We have virtually every function represented here. They're bumping around here. We had a terrific fourth quarter and just a really fabulous 2016. We're optimistic about 2017. So now we'll take your questions. Okay, Bill.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. That's a crystal ball question. So it's fair to say that when a large company buys another pretty good-sized company, a lot of their plans are already in place. So whatever Sun had in place for Q3, Q4, maybe even for 2017 is already in place. So, we don't really know – there's no evidence that says there's some obvious change in tactics because it's been going on for a few months. So here, we have to wait and see. There's one camp that says okay, you book, you get very promotional. The other camp would say, hey, people are going to be rational and it will be great for the category. So, we need a few quarters to figure that out and I'm sure it's going to be a question from everybody in Q1 and Q2, what's going on in the laundry. But as Rick points out, the comps, back to Bill's question, we have a 1% to 2% number in Q1 because our biggest quarter last year, we posted over a 5% organic number last year Q1, so that's a tough one to comp.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah – no, you're absolutely right. So, XTRA has lost share for three years in a row. As I pointed out, in 2016 XTRA grew our profit, so, and we haven't spent. So if you look at what we spent on a full-year basis for XTRA, we're around 37%, 38% sold on deal where it was simply tied and Sun 40% plus. So the question is, okay, you got to get into the game now to try to offset that because it's not indeed value, it's not really an innovation story, it's more of a price story. Yeah, Kevin. Only Kevin that we have.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, I'm going to give you a couple of opening remarks and then I'm going to ask our CMO to comment. I'm may say what she's going to say. So, marketing is 12%-plus of your revenue, so it's a pot, you have to decide how you're going to deploy it. So you're going to move things around from one brand to the other. Now, some brands have tremendous equity and they can withstand having less spend on them in a given year and then you move the chips over to another brand. So, we will have to deploy it smartly so that we're going to get the right effect. And some of that measured channel versus unmeasured channel stuff we're pretty relaxed about, because we know, we see the numbers and everybody can't see it. It's going to create greater unease going forward, I think, if you're an investor and analyst to try to see what's going on in unmeasured channels, but I'll let Britta comment on that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay, well. We have the good fortune of having the head of our international business with this here today, so I'm going to let Steve take a swing at your question.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yes. So where we have that earlier slide on international, they remember me saying that we're doing what a lot of the CPG companies did decades ago. During the last couple of years, we said, hey, we have to get after international. We have really good brands. We have some brands that can travel. Not all, but some can and Steve and his squad were doing a great job. But we're going to have above average, so just think about our model, 3% organic growth, above-average organic growth from international for years to come. That's going to help us, total company. And the ambition, we're a $500 million business today. What's our ambition? Our ambition is to be a $1 billion business. Will I be in a nursing home when that happens, maybe not, but that's not – that's organic and acquisitions, right. So, we've done acquisitions in the past. We did BATISTE a few years ago in 2011, listed these J&J brands and we're always on the hunt for other brands, but we're not slaves to our numbers. I'm not going to say, hey, we want to be $1 billion by this year. Not going to happen, but we do have high expectations of the business.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. There's some truth in the fact that digital advertising is more efficient. We went through that example with litter. So instead of bombing away with TV advertising, you get to affect, to reach everybody. You're only going after the cat owners, so there are efficiencies in the advertising side, and – remember, that's going to be 12% of your sales. So you can be more efficient there, if I'm just going to improve your margins. Heavy things don't travel well. So when you think about online, so heavy things like a laundry detergent, litter, those are categories where you're going to be more challenged to have the same margins as you have in store, but then if you have some personal care brands on the other side, you're going to make more money than you do in retail. It is a balance.
Matthew T. Farrell: Right. So net-net, our online margins are at or above company average because of the personal care mix, right. So that's – we've said that the last few quarters and that's still the truth.
Matthew T. Farrell: When you acquire a business, you mean? Well, when you acquire, the interesting thing about acquiring a business is you're buying marketing contribution. So essentially it's gross profit minus marketing. So we don't add a whole lot of SG&A when you're buying a business. So, right off the bat if you can get leverage on what you bought, you're going to improve the operating margins of the business, so. It's something that – all this SG&A doesn't come with it when we acquire a business. So we have to acquire smart, so you have to buy where you have some infrastructure in different countries, particularly internationally. So that limits us a little bit more. It's hard for us to buy a business in a country we're not in and not bringing the SG&A. And then some of the math starts to fall down because we're oriented towards cash, how much cash the business throws off. I hope that helps you.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. it's not lower. The financial bar is universal, whether it's international or domestic and the businesses we just bought have cleared those hurdles.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, some of it can be distribution, the timing of distribution from year-over-year. Let's say you're right about online, it should be pretty steady if you have X sales online in one quarter it should be that or more in the next quarter. But, yeah, I think there's definitely going to be some distribution and portfolio mix year-over-year, but it's something we struggle with too, it's hard to forecast actually.
Matthew T. Farrell: There's something else you should be aware of too, you can be online on, say, Amazon with plenty of products this month and next month, you're not. So you can get in and out because of their algorithms and how much you're selling online, et cetera, and that does create some wide fluctuations within a quarter and sometimes quarter-to-quarter. I'm sure you've heard that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. Well, thanks you all for coming today. Thanks for joining online, as I said super fourth quarter and optimistic about 2017. Thank you.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I think I might – yeah, no problem. So, you'll see there in the Nielsen data for example, before we paid out, has been relatively weak and that's really track channels. So, we were slightly negative in track channels. We said in the release though about – if you think about it, we're slightly negative in track channels, but we're 2.8% organic from the consumer domestic division. And we said that that entire delta can be really explained by two things, about 300 basis points in total, about half in club and about half in the online channels. So, I would say that trend's probably going to continue. It's not going to get better over time, so that disconnect is going to be there.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I think you hit it on the head, Bill. I think if anything, that the comp is overwhelming any trends that we're going to see in Q1, right. To be comping a 5% organic or 6% even household business growth in Q1 is going to be very difficult. But, so with all that said, we're going to have better growth than is in track channels, but the comp in Q1 just is very high, so our outlook is 1% to 2% Q1.
Richard A. Dierker: Yes, so we spent $290 million on those two. I'd tell you, what we paid was a little sub-12 and we think synergies is sub-10. So we think it's still a great deal whether it's international, domestic, wherever it would be. And I think – by the way, we also get some more scale for some key countries internationally, but I'd say it met all of our financial criteria.
Richard A. Dierker: And then on the gross margin question, right. I'll just reiterate what I said. So, we're getting 40 basis points from acquisitions, great. It's been offset by commodities and promotional spending in FX and then we're getting the balance of it through litters in volume and productivity. To your early estimate of that 40 basis points, are we comfortable with that 40 basis points? Well, I'm not going to break out the 40 basis points in any more detail. I'll just tell you that it assumes double-digit increases in our surfactants. It assumes a mid single-digit increase in our resin. So we have commodity inflation built-in, since 20%-plus increases on diesel, right. I mean, so we have expectations and if it's more than that then we'll do what we need to do to help offset that and whether it's productivity program stepping on that or whether it's SG&A, whatever it is, we always have a whole array of levers that we pull if things don't go as expected.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And the only thing is what Matt told you before, that small ANUSOL deal for example 80%, 90% of those volumes are going through Canada, we have sub Europe, right and Australia. So we feel like we do have a platform to leverage there. Those headquarters are really the jumping off point for regions, right. That's just a few SG&A heads and that's really the jumping off point for future expansion.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I'd probably answer that a couple of different ways. So, quantitatively, you're right. It's a bigger benefit if you take 2016, our math has a dime, $0.10 if it was 2016. If you take the five-year average, it's a nickel. If we take Q4, annualize it, zero, right? So, it all depends on how the stock price moves and it's kind of a circular relationship. So, you can't have a low target price and high expectations stock option exercises, right? It just doesn't work in the modeling. So, that's on the stock option exercises. So net-net, $0.03, about $1.8 million of stock option exercises is our expectation. That could change, right? And we've seen our peer group, a lot of volatility, you guys see it even more than I do, right, people have raised and lowered multiple times already on this new accounting standard and so we're trying to take the noise out of it and if – hey, if it's worth it we're going to – we'll raise the number, we're going to be really clear about it.
Richard A. Dierker: I would say the same thing, it's a little lumpy for us too, so we tried to give you guys the best all-in algorithm that we can and sometimes we are under and sometimes we are over, but visibility is still tough.
Richard A. Dierker: If anything it's probably just mix rather than in terms of country, right. If Canada's doing better, it's more of a household-type product, that's probably more than anything. I wouldn't read into it.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Two questions if I may. So, Matt, can you comment on balancing a bit the market share performance, you guys lost market share in six of your largest 10 brands.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: I'm sorry – in measured channel, in measured channel. With the advertising marketing relatively flat, I know it's sort of consistent with your evergreen target. Does that lend itself, the market share dynamic, to the argument that maybe advertising marketing needs to step up a bit to stem some of these losses, if not gain share and then I have a follow-up question.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Sorry, Matt. Just a follow-up as, just to stick with online for a second, maybe talk a little bit about some of the opportunities, and maybe some of the risks you've seen in other categories whether it's – like blades, wet shave, some personal care categories like beauty where sort of have been demonstrated that the barriers to entry are a bit lower and there's been some risk to the incumbents. So, talk about how you guys are sort of looking at that. Britta, if you could chime in too particularly like in contraceptives as an example, to some of these categories that lend themselves a bit more to online? Thanks.
Britta Bomhard: Sure, sir. Just building on what Matt said, I think we have different reactions in different categories of advertising, so what you will see, Slide is very obvious, great innovation, you can see it, so advertising will drive a change very quickly, whereas other categories where advertising is constant, you can't see that change as quickly. I think we're very confident that the advertising we have or the communication we have is driving different categories. Then if you look at the overall, there's many, how would I say, noise overlaying it. We talked about laundry and the promotional effect overlaying the noise or we talked about TROJAN, that shift in channels is actually overlaying the true brand performance. So we look at it holistically across all the channels we have.
Britta Bomhard: Sure. So I would say categories are very, very different, so lower barriers to entry in beauty for example and cosmetics, yeah, or in skin care, if you look at our categories like condoms needs trust, yes, so we've seen across the world plenty of small condom pop-ups, right. None of them has stuck really anywhere in the world, because this is a category where long-term trust in the brand is absolutely essential. Other categories I would talk about, it's a huge opportunity for us actually online because there are categories where you don't really feel comfortable if you go in the store and purchase them. So, we have a brand, for example, Replens/RepHresh, yeah. You don't really want to be seen with a basket and saying I have personal odor. So, these categories were doing extremely well online, so I think the hard one is you have to differentiate on online very closely, think about what the consumer wants and what they're looking for. So, I personally see it as a huge opportunity for us. I'm not really worried. I don't see it as a threat or disruptive.
Britta Bomhard: Maybe I can help a little bit. So, first of all, Super Bowl, I think – I want to be very clear, I think it's a great PR for most of them, but value. We are value-driven. We are very clear now on our metrics where we invest, and where we don't invest. So I think that's my number one to say about Super Bowl ads, right. We all enjoy watching them, but if you think about it you want to reach consumers at affordable cost, they're not the greatest. Secondly, I want to say, laundry, I mean, strip out a little bit of the noise, how much innovation has really been in liquid laundry over the last couple of years. You get a new flavor and a new flavor gets promoted and then it drops off again. And that's true for many of our competitors and I think we're making a decision to be much more clear that this is the area where consumers are not looking for something new every single time. They want good great performing products at a great value and that's what we are driving, what we have been driving. And just to come back to our shares, I think that's the secret formula of ARM & HAMMER and we've proven even in 2016 with all that kind of laundry battle going on, that ARM & HAMMER was a big winner. So, I think that's just to put it in context and distract a little bit of the noise around.
Britta Bomhard: Maybe I can help with one little one. So how many of you took a New Year's resolution? We had a big campaign, New Year, New Me on vitamins, which is, we are the number one brand on Amazon online. So these kinds of effects and how successful one of these campaigns is going to be as we are all learning about online is hard to predict. So I would say that's also to invisible parts, these accelerating factors, which is certain categories perform well, certain timing of the year perform well. So that's for example, why the gap in Q4 where we shipped for that New Year, New Me was already, not visible to you guys.
