Mike Read: Good afternoon. My name is Mike Read, I lead our International and our SPD business. So, let me just start with the international story. As Rick mentioned earlier, we have upgraded our Evergreen model, so what used to be 6% organic growth, we now moved to 8% organic each year. So, an exciting step for the division. If I break that down a bit, we're about $1 billion in size. There's kind of two parts to it. We have six subsidiary markets that go direct to retail. It's about 63% of our total business, Canada, UK, Mexico, Australia, France, and Germany. The remaining 37% is through our Global Markets Group. So, we operate in about 100 different countries. We partner with 400 value distributor partners around the world. So, our Global Markets business has been our fastest growing over the last few years and will continue to do so. And just to make that kind of point, if you go back to 2009, the international division has tripled in size. And during that time, the Global Markets Group has doubled in importance. So, we see that trend continuing well. While we've had strong growth in our subs, we do expect GMG to continue to outpace that. If I just give a summary of 2023, a very strong year. We had a breakout quarter in Q1, almost 12% growth, followed by 6.1% in Q2, 7.3% in Q3, and we finished strongly with 9.0% in Q4. So, a full year organic of 8.5%. We had strong growth across all our subsidiary markets and double-digit growth across our GMG region as well. So, across the board, really strong results. And that just shows the 6% to 8% Evergreen model change. If you look back over a number of years, other than the sort of setback from last year, we've had pretty consistent growth across a number of years and pitching above 8% in 2023 at 8.5%. I think the good news is relative to our peers, we're still very much underdeveloped. So, we have about 17% of our sales as a company comes from international. We are very much in growth mode. Many of our peers are in the 59% to 60% range, so a long runway ahead. But what's most encouraging about that runway is we've got a portfolio that travels extremely well as do our acquisitions. So, we've got a combination of US power brands like ARM & HAMMER, OXICLEAN, VITAFUSION that travel very well, and that's complemented with a strong personal care and OTC portfolio headlined by BATISTE, STERIMAR and FEMFRESH. So, brands that aren't necessarily commercialized in the US that are playing important roles for the International division. I think most notably though is acquisition has been a really big part of the growth story within International. If you go back to a few years back with the acquisition of WATERPIK, that's one of our biggest brands internationally. And we're thrilled with the addition of THERABREATH and HERO. So, just rolling both those brands out globally, both are on track and actually making a big splash already with lots to come. So, we're really excited about adding those two pieces to the portfolio. If I just sort of summarize sort of three key things to think about from an international perspective, Rick talked about some of the investments that we're making, particularly in our GMG group, but we are putting a lot of infrastructure process, IT to just shore up and be able to support the growth that's coming from our Global Markets Group. We've also added a lot of capabilities around portfolio strategy, revenue growth management, and as Surabhi mentioned, just really upskilling our digital e-commerce capability. And certainly, the acquisition additions and just getting on the front foot on both those acquisitions are the focus areas for international. All right. So, over to Specialty Products. So, the Specialty Products division, we are holding our Evergreen model at 5% growth. If you just break that into kind of two main parts, we have an Animal Nutrition business, which is about two-thirds of the business. You see sort of the impact of MEGALAC. The rest is Specialty Chemicals is about a $320 million business. If you kind of unpack that a little bit, a tough year in 2023, we're down minus 8%. Most of that is MEGALAC-driven. So if you take MEGALAC out, we're actually in positive growth, and the Animal Nutrition business was in stronger growth than that. Most importantly is, we're still very focused on building out our portfolio and supporting prebiotics, probiotics, nutritional supplements across a wide range of species, dairy, cattle, swine, poultry. So nothing really changes. MEGALAC's coming out but the rest of the portfolio is strong. We have high growth ambitions for it. And most notably, we're focused on international similar to the consumer side. So if you go back to kind of 2015, we are less than 6%. We're now at 17%, which is in the parallel of our consumer business, last year, grew 25%. So, really strong growth internationally as well. So with that, I'll pass back to Matt Farrell.
Mike Read: Yeah. And then in terms of gross margin, really, you're talking about operating margin, right, 50 basis points didn't change from the prior evergreen model to the current evergreen model. Gross margin, we're raising a lot of confidence. We talked about productivity is offsetting moderate inflation, best productivity program that we've ever had. When Rick came in, our sites were too low on productivity. And so we've made a turn, and the ship has turned and so that's a great place to be in. Inflation is moderating, so good confidence there. But we're going to go spend some of that money back on SG&A for those growth investments to cement this higher evergreen model into the future. And so that's why operating margin doesn't change. But it helps give us more degrees of flexibility, which is great.
Mike Read: Yes, I can take that first from an international perspective, the -- from a TheraBreath first perspective, I think any time you've got a great success story and a category grower that you take that story internationally, that holds well. And I think we've got a lot of proof points to that within our portfolio. I think what's also encouraging on TheraBreath specifically is we have a very similar type of penetration success in South Korea, where the brand is equally developed. And so being able to take not only a great US story, but being able to take another market internationally and be able to take that story to the trade has been really positive. And Hero, the same thing. It's been such a clear winner for the business. It's a very simple thing to get. Retailers around the world are really excited about it. So both those brands provide scale and fairly easy entry points in the global markets. There's a real demand for it. So we're pretty excited about it.
Mike Read: Yeah. What I'd say is just generally across the portfolio, we've had really balanced growth across our five GMG regions and our sub's really healthy. And with doing that, we're able to add more brands to our business with strong appetite from our distributor partners and then on to retail. So HERO is not the only one. We actually have other opportunities to expand multiple brands across multiple countries. But I think just the success story of HERO, not only in the US, but now as we've gone into commercializing into most of our subs already they're already taking number one positions. They have really strong consumption really early. So we've only been in for two, three months and we're already well established as a brand. So the playbook that clearly played out in the US is playing out beautifully already in the markets that we're in. And that just becomes the story that we take to those 40 countries. But we are well poised with our distributor partners around the globe to make a big success globally.
Mike Read: Yeah. So just in terms of registration getting into markets, so we've launched in Canada, we've launched in the UK, we launched in Germany, France, Australia, all with really strong positions, great retail partnerships doing well online. So everything that we're hoping for, it's that and a little bit more. So it's the success is there. And every time we have that repeatable success in the playbook, it just adds more momentum for those new partners that we're trying to bring on.
Matt Farrell: Past is prologue. So we had a slide up here that showed if you looked over the last 10 years, so what's been our organic growth rate average? It's been 4%. And almost every year, it's above 4%. And often at these meetings, we get the question, how come it's 3%? So we finally fessed up and said, yeah you know what, going forward it's going to be 4%. I mean, it's as simple as that. Now why would we have confidence there? Because we did change how we're going to get to 4%, right? So we said 3% US, 8% international, 5% Specialty Products. International is going to be a juggernaut for us. It's 8% growth. It's in our one big component is Global Markets Group, and that's been doubling every five years. So we do have such great brands. And what we're doing is what our competitors did 30, 40 years ago, is take your products on the road. So I think a lot of faith in the international number. And just international and US are going to benefit from our two most recent acquisitions, which is THERABREATH and HERO. And we're going to be launching HERO in 40 countries in 2024. And we just got so much runway there. So I got total confidence in our ability to grow the top line 4%. Yeah. I guess you can't rest on your laurels since you did 4% for the last 10 years. But given where I stand today and the innovation that we have, I think it's in the bag.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Well, I'm going to throw it to Mike to talk about international. I'll let Carlen have a crack at how we're thinking about it in the US.
Matt Farrell: Yes, we'll take that one first. So I'm going to toss that one to Barry and Surabhi as far as what we're seeing for Amazon.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Rupesh, you are accurate that historically, we've said that if you look at our organic growth at 1% to 1.5% is going to come from new products. So our expectation is we're going to exceed 1.5% in 2024.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I'll take a swing at VMS and you guys can prepare for the other pieces. So if we look at the category, categories really struggled this past year. If you look at the first three quarters, it was down in the first quarter, up like a point in the second quarter, down in Q3 and down 4% in Q4. So the category is still recovering from the COVID success where the categories just rocketed. We were down even more in 2023. So we've -- as you heard today, we're making a lot of changes there. We'd be happy with a flat year for our vitamin business in 2024. So that's not -- we're not banking on a big recovery in the VMS business in order to hit our numbers. And okay.
Matt Farrell: It's only been 12 months though. We did have -- early on, we had a bit of a drought. I think in 2008 we acquired ORAJEL, and 2011 we acquired BATISTE. So I know we had some small deals in there but businesses we don't talk about are very small brands. So as far as decent-sized transactions, we've had seen a drought in the past. And yes, I get the whole -- it's a burn a hole in your pocket, and this is -- or what do you do with the cash? We did a large buyback. I can't remember what year was. It's quite a while ago pre-COVID where we had a lot of cash building up the balance sheet. We hadn't done a sizable deal in a while, and we wound up increasing our authorization to buy back and we bought back more shares. So that's always available to us. But like I said, we looked at four deals this past year and some had pretty good economics but we just didn't think long term that they were going to be able to be sustainable. So no, we don't ever get deal momentum in the company. So we -- like I said, we're really fussy. But we do recognize the fact that we have an unlevered balance sheet. It's pristine. We could be building up a lot of cash if we don't do that. So this time next year, we haven't done a deal. Obviously, we'd be looking a lot harder at buybacks.
Matt Farrell: And you might be encouraged by the fact that we've doubled the size of our M&A team. So for -- so I joined in 2006, and Brian joined in 2006. And in 2023, we added another person. 
Matt Farrell: No, that's true. We're in the hunt to hire somebody in Europe and also in Singapore or in Asia Pacific so we get deal flow outside the US because historically, it's more US-centric, our focus, but it is true. And this is -- by the way, this is the team that goes through the diligence meetings. All the gray beards, old people with better experience. And so Brian is very grateful. Okay. I think that Andrea was going to be next, then Peter. 
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, I mean, look at the -- you can only buy what's for sale. And we venture into lots of different categories. We will not venture into devices. But we look at household or personal care. Again, it has to be how good is the brand? How good is the brand equity? The economics obviously matter, but what do we bring to the table? Are we a good owner? So we have a pretty wide lens of the types of brands and products that we'll look at. But again, it's got to be a fast-moving consumable. But we don't have -- we don't target. It's one thing we don't want to. So Brian doesn't spend all day long, looking at categories and say, wouldn't it be wonderful to own that brand? Yes, but they're not for sale. So we don't spend any time on those PowerPoints. What we want to make sure is that we're in the deal flow that anything sets for sale, we know about. So we can look at it. That's most important.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And the other thing, Peter, I'm sure Barry Bruno put his hand up for spending more marketing money to the extent that we're.
Matt Farrell: But look, when you got all these new products launched and it's a target-rich environment, there's lots of places we could spend money. We've got the sheets then we just came out with. There is an awareness about that. You got to spend some dough in order to flow that out. But yes, there's lots of opportunity.
Matt Farrell: Look, everybody is aware of the fact that we've got two fast-growing brands, but this is not just a one-year look. It's because we've grown 4% for 10 years in a row. And the stable of your portfolio can change over time. And obviously, we got two fast-moving ones. We'll have other ones in the future. So we need to see if it's sustainable and clearly sustainable for the next couple of years because of those two.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. that's a good point. So if you think back that 5% growth and 5.3% growth in 2023, more than half of that came from the business ex-THERABREATH and HERO, tell you that the base business is strong. Okay, let's move over to the far table now.
Matt Farrell: I've had that question in the past. And we evaluate all of our brands regularly, because everything is going to pull their weight. But I wouldn't say that signals anything. You see that MEGALAC is one that we've looked at that for a while. It had good years and bad years. But considering that's become commoditized, we think we should move it out. But yeah, it's a regular analysis that we do as a company.
Matt Farrell: Yes, I'll start off and then Barry, you pile on. So, we want a business that disrupted a category. So, the category was a $500 million category in the US say, four or five years ago. And then this new form comes along. Now, it's a billion-dollar category and still growing. So, we said, hey, what you really want to do is you don't want to get distracted. You want to really do a great job with household penetration of patches in the United States and also taking it globally. So, that's where our focus is. But there are opportunities to go elsewhere.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Why don't we give some good details on what the growth drivers are, we don't get into what percentage growth that we're expecting.
Rick Dierker: Yes, good question, Rupesh. We got ahead of our 2024 expectations for buyback. We did $300 million in Q4 of this year. And if cash continues to build on the balance sheet for an extended period of time, we would do a larger buyback at some point. In terms of debt paydown, I think at year-end, we had maybe $200 million on the revolver. We've already paid down another $100 million, so that's kind of embedded in our outlook.
Rick Dierker: Yes, in terms of, I guess, cadence and reliance on new products to kind of hit our outlook on revenue, I would say, we give revenue ranges for a reason. And there's lots of things in play there, whether it's how fast our recent acquisitions grow, how fast our categories grow and competition. We've mixed all that together, and we're very confident in hitting the 4% to 5%.
Rick Dierker: Yes. The only thing I would add is we're in a great position, like we never chase after a deal just to do a deal. And we say no a lot. We have a lot of rigor around that. This team on the stage spends a lot of their time doing due diligence, and Brian leads that in a big way. So when you have a great performing business, you're never forced to reach for a deal. And so we -- again, just the rigor around that. So we'll let the cash build, as you said. If it builds for a period of time, then we'll look at doing a buyback. Meanwhile, at 5% or 6% interest, it's fine to be in the balance sheet.
Rick Dierker: We're very lean. Matt, you might one-up that. We're tripling it in 2024 with our European footprint. 
Rick Dierker: Yes. In terms of cadence for organic, it's pretty -- our expectation is pretty consistent throughout the year, right? Our outlook is 4% to 5%. Our Q1 number's 4%, but in general, it's pretty consistent throughout the year. There's lots of things underneath that, whether it's comping round two of concentration in laundry and when that happened, whether it's the vitamin category and assumptions and -- so there's a lot of puts and takes. But I'd say in general, it's a pretty consistent growth throughout the year.
Rick Dierker: Yes, okay. So the first one is on gross margin cadence. 50 to 75 for the year, we do expect gross margin in the first half to be a little bit better. Why? Because we have pricing carryover that's happening a bit still in the first half of the year that wasn't there. So gross margin a little bit better than the front half than the back half. And then your second question was on -- yes, on marketing investments and stuff like that, okay. Well, look, the scorecard -- last year was kind of unique, right? We wanted to build back the war chest on marketing because we got too low during COVID because we were outside of we were out of stock. We didn't have to supply, all those reasons. And so we did that a year ahead of time. We really initially said, we're going to go to 10.5% and then 11% this year. And we fast-forwarded, put it back to 11%. We think 11% is the right number. But with that said, share matters, share is a scorecard to tell you if you're the right number. Right now, we're getting share in about 60% of our sales. That is a good metric and good scorecard. So right now, we believe that number is the right number.
Rick Dierker: I would also add that in 2023, the rest of the portfolio, ex-THERABREATH, ex-HERO did hit or exceed our evergreen model, so we feel great about the strength of the portfolio.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So, the second one first. We've been managing the business with classifying our brands in a certain way for a very long time, and we resource those brands in a certain way, depending on the classification. And that is not changing, right? That's our internal. This is to help simplify when we talk outside what those brands represent and narrow the conversation, because those are what are driving kind of whether the top line moves or margin expands or earnings. So that's kind of the purpose. Your first question on SG&A, I think you're talking about the outlook, really, the evergreen model. Yes. Yes, dollars are higher, in general. We're getting leverage for two reasons. Really primarily because of we're growing faster than the top line is what we're doing. We're also spending money, as we've been talking about for a long time, on investments in analytics, automation. We're trying to take hundreds of thousands of hours out over the next three to five years. And we're not going to reduce people. We're going to not add people when we scale, right? We're making these system investments and ERP systems, not so that we can have a workforce that's reduced, because as we grow from $6 billion to $7 billion to $8 billion, the ERP system can handle that type of growth. So that's a short answer.
