Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. It's a good question. I wouldn't look at that as a sea change at all Dara. I think, if you looked at historical numbers, you would see for us that we were actually on more on the sidelines when it came to the amount that we promoted on products, particularly in laundry. So, but we had two new innovations this past quarter, the Triple Chamber and also the OXICLEAN restage. So, we wanted to get behind those in a significant way, which is what we did in order to promote trial. And in my remarks, I said we had very high promotional effectiveness and what that means is that you're able to steal share from other brands to your brand as a result of your promotion. So, that's a good measure of whether or not they're effective, but you can't keep that up forever. You do that to promote trial, and the expectation is that you're going to get repurchase in the second half. So, it's – I wouldn't view it as a sea change.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. From a macro standpoint, you may remember at the beginning of the year, we said that our expectation was that categories would grow 1.5% to 2%. So what we do is we take a look at all of our categories weighted, and so our categories weighted, it would be around 1.5% growth in the second quarter. So it's on the lower end of that, Dara, I'd say that there are certain personal care categories in particular that are somewhat depressed. So if you look at categories like the depilatories, oral analgesics, condoms, kits, battery-operated toothbrushes, all of those categories, those categories were down in Q2, year-over-year. So and again there's discounting across all categories. So that's one of the contributing factors to that.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, I think these things can be lumpy. I'd say that the condom thing has been more lingering, as my remarks were in the last few quarters, it seems like people are having less sex. And there's less condom usage, we've done some work around that, that could be with us going forward. But I wouldn't be alarmed about the other personal care categories just yet.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. So, to answer your question, Kevin. As far as July goes yeah. I mean if you talk to Lou and our sales guys, you'll see that things have heated up with some of the other brands, but we always expect the worst. So, I would say that that's in our guidance, we always expect it's going to be tougher in the second half, especially after we took things up in the Q2.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. So, and the other question Steve. So, we have unit dose and we have OXICLEAN restage. So, I mentioned, our promotional effectiveness is an important measure as to whether or not your efforts are working. So, we expect that we're going to – it's a little early to tell now, but we do expect that we're going to get some repeat purchases in the second half for OXICLEAN laundry detergent. And remember on unit dose, which is the Triple Chamber, we are the only value detergent, only value unit dose that's out there. So, we have an advantage, so to the extent that we get people to trial the unit dose our research tells us that people, it will stick. And if you noticed that our unit dose share grew 40 basis points in the quarter and we've been growing twice as fast as the category, the unit dose category for the past five quarters. So, we've juiced that a little bit. And so we want to accelerate the stealing consumers and bringing them over to our ARM & HAMMER unit dose, particularly the Triple Chamber.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well. Look the – we have a subsidiary in the UK and one in France. So we have – and then and that's it in Europe. And all the other countries we served through distributors historically. Germany was unique in our minds because it is the largest economy in Europe and strongest economy in Europe in a well. And so we felt that's a place that we should be. So, that was the logic behind it. And obviously, we do have sales into Germany today through distributors, so, we have a base of sales in Germany. So, we are not going in with a donut. But we do think that that our brands are going to resonate there, and we're going to be able to generate some sales growth there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. We're working with all of our retailers on their dot com sales. So we have – we took somebody, one of our more senior people in the company and dedicated her to working with all of our retailers to drive their online sales. And obviously, we have a structure behind her as well. Amazon is the big dog, I'm sure that's true for virtually every CPG company. So we continue to grow with them, but Wal-Mart you probably know this more recently started in-store pickup or experimenting with in-store pickup, online ordering and in-store pickup on the East Coast. So it's kind of a wait and see to see how that's going. They're naturally integrating Wal-Mart and Jet.com right now. So we'll be working closely with them, but all the retailers have an interest in getting our products online on their dot coms. So we've been working with them to set up the pages.
Matthew T. Farrell: No. In fact, if you go back, Bill and look at the last few years of 2014, 2015, and 2016, the clumping cat litter category actually grew faster than 3.4%. So, that has been a perennial grower for a number of years. So, we don't expect that to change. Pets are the new, they're like children. People are happy to invest in them and innovation and price has driven a lot of that growth over time.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. No. In fact, the amount sold on deal was 21%, it was 22% in the first quarter. So, it's pretty level.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. So we've been on the side lines with respect to the buy one, get ones. So what, our focus is on the brand equity. So it is a sea of brands, there are 30 gummy vitamin brands with all the gummy vitamin brands. So the game really long-term is they're not all sustainable. And so over time what will happen is the retailers will pull those back. So the long game is to win with the brand equities that connect with consumers. So you'll be seeing us being very focused on differentiating our brand versus the other brands. And of course I won't tell you how we're going to do that.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, no, no. The gummy category is growing. So we're going sideways because we haven't been engaging in the BOGOs and competitors have been doing the BOGOs and we have not. I mean it's as simple as that.
Matthew T. Farrell: The new products are doing well. So we have Simply Good, this is one of our new products we've got an energy gummy vitamin, but that's not enough to offset the BOGOs. So we've lost some sales to other brands.
Matthew T. Farrell: But it's not something you want – you don't want to follow that one down the hole. You got to take the long view on it.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, look, I'd say it's both, I wouldn't say it's all one or the other. I mentioned there were five categories that were in personal care that are down between 2% and 5% in the second quarter. And I don't have any stats for you for the full year, but that is one of the drags that we're dealing with there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I think we're very confident in the gross margin outlook, Joe, I mean part of it is like I said before the comps right for example in the first half our vitamin business was up 5% in 2016. And our second half was flat, right. And so we did a lot to win back the consumer in the first half of 2016, and that's what we're comping over this year. So, we expect to have some good tailwinds on the personal care side in the back half, and we also have some good productivity projects in the pipeline. So, we feel really good about our Q4 number and our full year number for gross margin.
Matthew T. Farrell: Hey, Jason, if you want to take the long view. So, in a lot of these personal care categories we are the number one brand. So, you wouldn't be privy to what launches we have prepared for 2018 or 2019. But innovation is always going to be the winner here. And also with respect to margin, the other thing that expands it for us is our Good to Great program which is a continuous improvement and the other kicker is always acquisitions that we take on that have higher than corporate gross margin. So, that's why we felt good about calling next year for 3% organic top line growth and 9% EPS growth.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. Well look, the retailers, this is not a new phenomenon, this has been going on for several years now. So every year the retailers are aggressive with respect to our price concessions and this year is no different. I think whenever you're negotiating with a retailer you certainly want it to be a win-win and that's how we approach it. So if in fact, there are some things they want us to do, there's something they'll do for us in return with respect to shelving, or endcaps, et cetera, so. And we've been able to perform really well under these circumstances and we don't view that as we're going to be any more susceptible than any other company. In fact, we think we may be handling it better than others.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well pantry loading is always a matter of a conjecture, right. We cannot – if you look at the amount of promotion in the quarter, as we said before, it's 36%. The fact that we – it shifted from other retailer stocks. Remember, we were the only manufacturer that grew share in the quarter. So everybody lost share to us, I wouldn't say that there's pantry loading broadly as a result.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. It's a simple answer, it's primarily bricks and mortar. So, it's just – don't think of it as – that it's online promotions.
Matthew T. Farrell: Actually, the simple way to think about the opportunity for dry shampoo for us is – this originated in the UK and in the UK the value of the category is $60 million, and they have a little over 60 million people in the UK. In the U.S., with 335 million people, the category size is only $130 million right now. Now it's growing rapidly, I think it grew 30% in the second quarter. So, it's growing like a rocket but ship but it has a long it with ago. The category size could double over the next few years. And we would enjoy a tremendous amount of growth as a result of that, because we have the number one share and we're in the low-30%'s.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. That's always an opportunity to go in adjacencies, because the BATISTE brand is so strong, particularly with young users, but we wouldn't telegraph what we might be thinking about doing there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. I guess we're done. Thanks for joining us today. And we'll talk to you at end of the third quarter.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. And the only thing I'd add to that Dara is, of the 600-basis point drag on a price mix perspective, about a third of that was to drive new products and trial. So, again it's not going to repeat forever.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I'll let Matt talk about a macro perspective but for us it's also some of the comps Dara. In the first half of 2016 we as a company grew 4%. And so, in the first half of this year, it's around 2%. So it's the inverse of that in the second half, we grew at about around 2% in 2016, and 4% is our expectation in 2017. So a couple of our big categories like vitamin and laundry, that's what the comps are for the prior year.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I'll take that, Kevin. It's a couple of things, really. You're right. Domestic, we brought down slightly. Personal care in the front half was negative in the quarter especially, but we believe that's going to turnaround because of the comps and other category growth in the back half. So we feel good about that. To the degree that we get any benefits from FX, remember we're typically spending that back. So to be blunt, our marketing line will probably go up slightly versus our previous expectations. We're not changing anything. So we just reinvest that if we need to. So I guess, that's a short answer.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Kevin, I'll take the first part maybe. P&G and everybody always continues to, it's a promotional category, laundry is always a promotional category. But in the long term, if you take a step back, what's happening at the end of the day, the premium tier usually wins with innovation and the value tier wins because of value and the mid-tier shrinks. I would say that's no different than what's been happening for the last 52 weeks, 26 weeks and 13 weeks. And so, if they promote a little bit more, that's usually the higher end.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, okay. So, I've got three questions here. I'll take the first one. Really, it's all relative to your perspective, Steve. I mean for us, we aren't outspending the competition, and I'll give you a couple of facts. For the quarter, our amount sold on deal for laundry detergent was 36%. On average the category was 35%. For couponing, this is more of a limited measurement, but our data says we're around 30% and the category is around 27%, 28%. So, maybe we're a basis point two or higher. For a long time, we've kind of held back, but I think we are not making the situation worse, we're just getting up to par with our competition.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. It's probably two things, one is just mix. As Matt said, some of the personal care items are down. So it just looks like the negative drag on price mix because some of our household businesses have higher trade rates. So I think that's part of it. I think and the other part, it's probably some of these trial activities are very enticing for the consumer. And so, when that happens, the volume goes up, but also price – the negative price mix goes up right along with it. So, that's kind of what happened I think in both cases.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, sure. I'll start with that one and then go into the, kind of the outlook again, but in my script I said we had a drag of about 180 basis points on promotional spending, with negative price mix, mainly negative price. We had a 30 basis point drag from commodities, plus 60 basis point on productivity and then we had around 80 basis points of help from acquisitions and divestitures to get to the minus 80 basis points for the quarter. And so we're essentially flat to slightly up for the first half. I think as you look at the second half, there's a few things going on. Number one, some of that new product trial, the deep couponing kind of that peels off as you get the repeat purchases without all the promotional activity. So, that's a good thing for gross margin. I think our productivity pipeline continues to improve. Commodities, the drag gets a little less in the second half as we start to lap some of the negativity we had in the back half of 2016. I think, the personal care question you raise is a fair one, but I think more than anything, it's more of a comp analysis. Again, a good example of that is just this, the VMS business was very promotional in the first half of 2016 as well because we were winning back the consumer because we were out of stock in 2015. And so we don't have that level of promotion. Is the category maybe a little bit more promotional, yes. But, year-over-year it still won't comp that. So, hopefully that helps.
Richard A. Dierker: Okay, Andrea. So, there is a couple of questions in there. The first is on Water Pik, you're exactly right. It's flat for the full year. We have a $0.02 drag in Q3, largely because of the transactional and transitional expenses and not a full quarter worth of earnings. And then a plus $0.02 for the fourth quarter and flat for the year. Your second question, so that implies with our Q3 outlook, that implies a 20% growth rate in earnings in Q4. You're exactly right, that's really two things, 20% is around $0.09 and that's really two things. One is that half of it is the shift of marketing that we've been talking about all year long, right we said we're going to move a lot of our Q4 spending into Q2 and Q3 to better line up with our new product launches. That's about half of it. The other half is, as we've mentioned before we have a better organic growth rate in the back half of the year, so and some gross margin improvement. So, those are the two things driving 20% growth. And then the third question you had was a 400 basis point drag in couponing. Now remember a year ago – that's not just couponing by itself, it's also couponing trade spends and plotting and what not. So, it's a little lumpy in 2016 compared to 2017. I'd tell you that we have some promotional spending throughout the balance of the year, but it's not like we're pulling everything back and we hope we're going to continue to do great without spending. Like we said before, we're hitting our levels right at our competition.
Richard A. Dierker: Right. I understand. The biggest driver is actually mix right. We've said in the first half of the year, part of that 400 basis points drag is personal care, right. And so we expect personal care to be better in the second half right. My answer to Lauren was part of the reason we have a negative price mix, when you look at organic growth is because we have more household increase and then personal care declining. And so just as that naturally balances back out that will improve the negative drag on the price mix line too.
Richard A. Dierker: And the laundry category is only up around 1% or 1.5%. So it's not like the consumption was sky high.
Richard A. Dierker: No, Olivia, we still have growth in untracked channels, we're not lapping any big gains or anything like that. We still have growth, it's just the biggest driver is between the Nielsen data and even when you add in the untracked stuff is the negative drag from couponing. And there is a little bit of retailer inventory shifts but the primary driver is the gross to net couponing stuff.
