James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, especially when we have great results to report. I'll start off this call by providing you with my perspective on our second quarter business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our current Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and soon to be my replacement as Chief Executive Officer. Rick Dierker is also with us today, who we announced this morning as Matt's replacement as CFO. When Matt is finished, I'll return to discuss our earnings guidance for the year, and then we'll open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I'm very proud of my company for the second quarter business results that we achieved. Despite headwinds from continued soft U.S. consumer demand and foreign currency, the Church & Dwight team built upon our momentum exiting 2014 and continued to leverage our innovation-driven strategy to deliver strong business results in the second quarter and first half of 2015. This is exemplified by the fact that our organic revenue growth has averaged above 4.5% for three of the past four quarters. As I stated in our previous earnings calls, we believe that innovation is the key to delivering strong sales and earnings growth in any economic and competitive environment. Innovation has been a key driver of our past success, as shown by the fact that over 25% of our sales so far this year came from new products launched since 2008. In 2014, we launched a record number of innovative new products across every one of our major categories and three new categories. In 2015, we launched fewer new products but our new launches covered every major category. Some of these new products like our new premium priced cat litter called ARM & HAMMER CLUMP & SEAL have become a huge hit with our consumers as reflected both in our brand's share results and its impact on category growth. In 2014, our cat litter consumption increased by 23.5% and our share grew by 290 basis points for a record share of 22.9%. This enabled our brand to move from the number three brand in the category to a strong and growing number two brand. Just as important, our new product was a major contributor to driving an 8% increase in the cat litter category in 2014 – the strongest annual growth in any of our categories and an excellent growth for any CPG category. This exemplifies our belief that innovation is the key antidote driving improved value creation for our consumers, our customers and our shareholders. In the first half of 2015, we built upon this success by launching a new light-weight version of the CLUMP & SEAL cat litter. This new product is also off to a great start. Our total ARM & HAMMER cat litter consumption in the first half of 2015 was up double-digits almost 15%. And our share grew 130 basis points to a new record share of 24.1%. And this growth helped drive the cat litter category up 8.8% in the first half over last year. Our goal is to continue to launch innovative new products to drive share gains and category growth like this in all the categories in which we compete. Overall, the second quarter results were excellent on the share front, (03:43) with share growth on two of our four mega brands and flat share on the third mega brand. And I'll turn the call over I'll now turn the call over to Matt, to give you specific results on our second quarter results.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Bill, let me build upon that, too. While some of our key competitors are cutting marketing spending right now, we are not. We also – as last year, we invested going into the second half of the year. We exited with very strong momentum, and that carried over into the great results in the first half of this year. So, yeah, if we wanted to just worry about 2015, we probably could drop some upside opportunity that might happen into the EPS. But we're worried about 2015 and the future. And we want to exit this year with momentum and enter next year with momentum. So, we're going to keep that marketing spending up. And if we have additional dollars, we're going to pour it into it so we get off to a great start next year.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Caroline, that's a pretty fair assessment. What we feel great about is, this has been and will continue to be one of the fastest-growing categories out there. And keep in mind that the adult vitamin category, which is about 90% of the total business with about, I think, it's $3 billion or, I'm sorry, $3 billion of sales, only about 8% of that category is gummy today. So there's huge upside to converting the adult vitamin world into gummies. So that's what we see, and honestly, in this case, we outsmarted ourselves. So we've tried to do a good thing in improving the quality of our gummies, and at the same time, we tried to build a real state-of-the-art production facility inside our plant in York, Pennsylvania, and we ended up screwing up both. And it was the biggest self-inflicted wound in my 11-plus year history as CEO, and because of that, we had some supply issues and lost some sales, but the good news is the worst is behind us. We're digging out of this very quickly. We got to deal with some upset customers and that, but we're dealing with that well, and this business still has tremendous, tremendous upside, and we still are number one out there in that. But it was just a case of a – we tried to do too much too quickly, and again I'll say we outsmarted ourselves, and – but we fixed it. We fixed it, and the problems are largely behind us going forward, and we have a great brand and a great upside opportunity on this business.
James R. Craigie: And, Caroline, I would add, too, we've made some organizational changes over the past two years in the international organization. And now we just have a rock star organization out there that's delivering great results in both launching new products and execution at retail. So, I mean the results speak for them – almost 10% organic growth in some very tough markets like Europe where the guys are having a hard time. So, great organization, great new products, great execution. It's all adding up to some terrific results.
James R. Craigie: Yeah, Caroline. The laundry category was hurt by the pods launch. It's a great innovative new product, but it did lead people to using less laundry detergent. It's now stabilized at about 13% of the laundry category. Every competitor has launched their pods, so there's no more upside from new launches out there insofar as new brands going out there. You do know there was a very negative report that came out on July 16 from Consumer Reports, where they recommended that households with kids less than 6 years old refrain from purchasing the product. That's very, very recent news, we have not yet seen share results to show whether or not that's going to actually hurt the pods business. But we'll be watching that very closely as that was a very strong statement by the Consumer Reports organization which has a very powerful impact to consumers. We honestly are the – we don't have a liquid laundry detergent pod out there which is what's causing this issue. I will take the blame, I held the organization back on that because I was very concerned about the consumer issues going on out there. We do have less than our fair share of the category but we have plans in place to get up to our fair share of that category. But right now, the pods as a percent of laundry has stabilized. We have focused much more up to now on the liquid part of the category – liquid laundry detergent which is over 70% of the category. And I told you we've had great results. I think we've had share gains in over 21 of the past 22 quarters and by far the biggest segment. So that's kind of the story on laundry and we mentioned earlier too the promotional environment has kind of normalized back to historical standards over the past several quarters. So now you're getting up into the positive zone after several years of negative declines in the category, driven by the pods and by some overly aggressive promotional activities going on in the category. So I would say the future is looking much better out there. There are rumors out there that Persil is going national sometime maybe as early as the fourth quarter this year. We don't know any more than that at this point about what its impact will be in the category. But overall, I think the future is looking brighter for the category going ahead.
James R. Craigie: It was down, Joe. It was down. We got attacked by, as mentioned earlier, some competitive product and license stuff, and we took a step back on it. But overall, our total growth, consumption-wise, was up in the vitamin category.
James R. Craigie: I don't want to make predictions on quarters, but we have plans in place to launch new products from that to restore growth on our share on that business going forward.
James R. Craigie: Yeah, Joe. We're lapping it. We started lapping it in the second quarter of this year, so we're already doing double-digit growth on top of double-digit growth, and our product is just on fire. So we've had two years in a row now of great product innovation, both the base CLUMP & SEAL and our CLUMP & SEAL lightweight, and it has been awesome. And we've gone, as I said, from a number three player to a number two, passing the number two player who has two brands in the category. Our one brand is now bigger than their two brand. So that's again innovation, innovation, innovation, drive the category, drive your brand, that's the most shiny example we have out there of awesome growth in a very tough category. So it's just – we're very proud of that and we'll get – we're trying to put that magic on all of our businesses.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Jason, I would just tell you. Yes, we've had some hits to the business because of our supply issues. But we have some great new products going out. We've got strong marketing programs going out behind all that. And our customers have largely, very much hung with us. And we just had the wounds and we dealt with it. So, again, there's so much upside in this category. There's going to be growth. There's going to be growth in – and now you have almost every major player in the category launching gummies. That's all they're talking about is gummies. So again, you've got over 90% of the adult category out there to be taken. That's hard pills today over the gummies and everybody has validated that gummies are – as great as the hard pills. So I think we're going to get our fair share or more than our fair share with the new product launches we're bringing out and the brand support we have. So, again, yeah, I'll totally admit we had a short-term hit from this that was self-inflicted, but we have all the plans in place to get back on a growth trajectory for this business.
James R. Craigie: I'll answer part of that. Right now, the tentative plans in the industry, there'll be about a 25% reduction in water in the product in the next wave. There'll be a test nationally starting in Q4 of 2016, and there'll be national launches by 2018. Those are the tentative plans right now, and as we never have and never will validate the exact financial impact of that. Honestly, it's even too early to fully estimate that as we're all now in the phases of trying to finalize what I just told you means, and I'll be honest, we just don't know yet. It will not be as much as it was last time, and I won't tell you what it was last time, but it won't be as much as it was last time.
James R. Craigie: No. I would say, we're watching this current – again, brand new news of several weeks ago has an impact on the category. But I fully believe pods will be here to stay. The industry is taking actions to deal with these issues and we fully expect to be a full-time player in the category. And again, we're safe from any legal issues right now with the liquid pods situation because we're not in liquid pods. But we have plans in place to build our business going forward. I just don't what to, for competitive reasons, get into what those details are.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Yeah. I would tell you, yes, we've flattened out in the last year, year or two, but that was a pretty – a lot of our competitors went backwards. So, actually, we absorbed a lot of hits out there from a time period of higher commodities and foreign exchange, everything else going on. So while our performance has been flat, that's actually been better than competitors. And I do believe we can get up to a 50% gross margin in this business. It'll be a combination of launching new products with higher margin, continued productivity gains and acquisitions. And it is our goal to get up to that point in time, and I'm not going to give you a timeframe we believe in that, but I do believe that's very doable.
James R. Craigie: It's a very active marketplace out there. We are incredibly actively engaged in that marketplace. But as you know, we're very picky, and that pickiness has paid off huge dividends in the past in terms of the accretive value that we drive through acquisitions. So, I assure you that I'm probably spending a major part of my time going out and looking for the right acquisitions right now, and again, nothing big has happened so far. We picked up some wonderful small acquisitions that have been nicely accretive to our women's health business, to our SPD business in that. So I can just guarantee you, we continue to be hot and heavy looking for the right deals out there, and when they happen, you'll be the first to know.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Kevin, this is Jim. I would say, are we pleased with where we are? No. We want to be higher. We're very pleased with the progress. We had a big 20% gain in consumption in the second quarter. So, we've got good momentum behind the business right now, and we feel good, but we want to continue to grow the business. It's a great product. It's a great performance out there. We're very, very happy with the progress we've made in the beginning of this year. So, we're in the right direction. I would say within the customer where Persil is, OxiClean is performing very well versus the majority of the Persil SKUs. In fact, the majority of the Persil SKUs don't deserve to be expanded. And so we're not that fearful of Persil at this point in time.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Steve, keep in mind, this is a – laundry detergent is a $6 billion category so a 2% share is very meaningful revenue results. And we are again, as Matt said, where we have good distribution, we're over that already, and we're building distribution in other places (48:24). So, it's a challenge. We believe it's very doable. We have the plans in place, we have new product launches coming to support that and we will achieve that in my mind. And again, if we had created and launched the Steve Powers brand, and we were spending all this money, I would say it was a big mistake. But we spent all the money behind the OxiClean brand very smartly from a marketing standpoint and that's why we continue to do well on the original OxiClean additive brand is doing very well in the marketplace, benefiting from all the advertising we're spending on the laundry detergent version of it. So, and also the bleach version, we didn't even mention today, the launch into bleach last year, the Oxi brand has done extremely well. So, very incremental to the business. So, again, this is why we believe in mega brands because when you spend behind a mega brand, expand it to a new category, you get a lot of benefit on the prior parts of the brand that are out there, from the halo of the advertising bag. So we're very much going to continue strong support behind OXI laundry detergent, and we believe that will benefit the whole OxiClean megabrand.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. I would say, Olivia, too, we've had some customers come in to see our new facility in York, and they've been blown away by the sophistication of it and its potential. So, again, we did the right thing, building a real state-of-the-art, spaceship-type plant that will produce – increase our capacity by 75%, and it was just a little more difficult than we estimated. We're very aggressive, and we had a very aggressive timeline, and it was a little more difficult than we estimated to get this state-of-the-art facility going. But we're very impressed by its potential. Our customers who have been in there to look at it are blown away by its potential, and it's just, we've had this short-term hiccup and we'll get it behind us, but it's being fixed.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. The other personal care categories, they have actually performed better over time than some of the household categories. And household again was dragged down by the laundry category, which was a big part of it. And we've had good results. Our shares have been strong in those categories. There have been some pricing competition in things like pregnancy kits, which has caused a bit of a war out there. But, no, we're – we got a lot of new products in those categories, and we're very happy with those products from that. And if I had one wish in life, I'd wish I get the Trojan category growing. The condom category has been relatively flat now for quite some time, but we're working on some major new product launches in that category and some great new marketing programs to help to get that going forward. Because that's the case with a 76.4% (54:16) share, it's really incumbent upon us to drive the category more than share growth, so – but we have some plans in place over the next two years, which I find very promising to rejuvenate that category and get it growing again.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Good. One more question, guys, and then we're going to – we have to get off to back to building this business.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Jon, on the vitamin side, we wouldn't have built a plant with 75% volume upside if we didn't think we would use it. We're just not in a position right now for a reason to expand upon that and how we plan to get there and when. So, a good question, but sort of like laundry compaction, we're not going to answer it. And then on the gross margin side, I'll turn that over to Matt and Rick.
James R. Craigie: Thank you all – good, thank you. I'd like to thank you all for tuning in today. Another great quarter from Church & Dwight, a great first half of the year despite the problems we had on vitamins and a lot of great things coming in the future. So, thank you all for your good questions. And if you have any more questions, give Rick, or Matt, or me a call and we'll do our best to answer them. So, thanks, everyone.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. That could happen, Bill. But as Jim said, to the extent that we beat our gross margin target, we're going to spend it back on marketing.
Matthew T. Farrell: No, Bill. OXICLEAN is not aligning price with ARM & HAMMER. OXICLEAN is priced above 20% below where Tide is. So it's up at the high end of the middle category or low end of the premium category.
Matthew T. Farrell: Bill, the way you can think about it is we said that unlike many of our competitors, we're keeping the marketing at 12.5% of sales. And obviously, the underlying metrics that you want to look at there is what's the share of voice versus share of market. So, we're always pretty vigilant about that. We have found historically that to the extent that we significantly over-index there, that we're able to drive growth. So, we're not focused simply on what number are we going to hit this year. We're trying to build the brand equity for next year. And as you know, OxiClean is a brand that we're trying to establish in new categories, and we launched it in 2014. This is our second year. So, that's an area – one brand that we would certainly pour on the marketing where we – were it to become available.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. We don't ever get into the weeds on sales or gross margins or operating income by product or segment, Bill. Some – I wouldn't go into that kind of detail. But with respect to the third quarter, yes, there's definitely some overhang into Q3 for these charges that we're going to be taking in the gross margin.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, look, on the sales line the way you should think about it, as Jim said, the total – the gummy category, so if you look at gummies within vitamins grew 14% in the second quarter. So that is a very healthy place to be. We are capacity constrained and we're coming out of that right now. So obviously, when you have a retail or some allocation, they're very anxious to – for you to survive that and start increasing your sales. So we've got plenty of new items coming. Obviously, we've been restricted with our ability to launch them, but we do think that it's going to take another quarter or two for sales to accelerate for vitamins.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. The way you should think about international is that's somewhat front-end loaded. They had two terrific quarters, Q1 and Q2, and they're going to be more of a 2% grower in the second half. There were a lot of distribution gains that we got for Batiste. You hear us talking about Batiste quite frequently, not just in the UK, but in other countries as well. So, Batiste is a big puller there. And then our export business is – that can be lumpy, and sometimes your export businesses can be front-end loaded. So, we saw some of that in the second quarter. We got some order that won't repeat in the third and fourth quarter. So, I would say with Batiste, distribution gains, the export business, some timing there, and, of course, we did have some strength in Europe and Mexico.
Matthew T. Farrell: As I've said before, Joe, we said that we have a more normalized promotional environment that we saw in the first half of 2015 as compared to the second half of 2014. Q3 last year was particularly rugged. So the transition going forward is one of the reasons why we expect to get some gross margin expansion this year was because of a more normalized promotional environment. And specifically, what you see less of is couponing. There's less couponing this year than last year in the gross to net line.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. You're right in that. There's some pipeline fill, obviously, any time you're going to be entering new markets. But we still do have same store significant growth. So I wouldn't throw a bucket of water on that. That thing is a rocket ship, it's continuing to grow. As far as price goes, we actually did get some price in the second quarter. So we have done some selective pricing around the international business. So if you go back to the release, you will see that. And I wouldn't expect like you say for Batiste to suddenly plateau. On the other hand, we expect that to continue to grow in 2016 and 2017.
Matthew T. Farrell: So our 13-week data would say that XTRA is flat. It is true that it had been on the down swing over a many quarter basis, but we've corrected that. We put a lot of promotion behind XTRA this year in order to deal with some of the competitor actions. So we expect that that's going to be stabilized, and it's going to return to growth.
Matthew T. Farrell: Kevin, something else that might be helpful to you is that OxiClean's share is 1.2% in laundry. But where we have distribution, we're over a 2% share.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, you've got to appreciate, this is – we have not been in the upper end of laundry. That was our entry in 2014, so we priced this product 20% below Tide. So now, we're up against Tide and Gain, and more recently, Persil comes in. So, it's a crowded area and this crowd is not going to roll over and play dead. So, it does require a significant amount of promotion and advertising in order to get trial. So, as Jim said, yeah, we're okay where we are. As far as how you're going to hold shelf for long-term, significant – you got to be below 2% – or above 2% share. And we're at 1.2% today. We're at 2% where we're in distribution; we've got to get over 2% to hold share long-term and then grow from there.
Matthew T. Farrell: That is quite an open-ended broad question because you're assuming that there – what the issues are. Our issues are simply that in our Vancouver plant, we had some equipment that went down, and that was just one of those things. So we had to repair the equipment in our existing plant. In our new plant, the startup was expected to be completed in March. We have – this is very sophisticated equipment, it has to all work in a synchronized fashion. And once you get it rolling, it rolls. And it's producing now the way we want it to produce, but it's taken us three or four months to get there.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. With respect to SG&A, you're right. We've had a lot of SG&A leverage over the past few years. But part of our long-term model is we try to grow our operating margins 50 basis points annually. And the way you're going to get that is – the lion's share of it is from gross margin. That would be 25 basis points to 35 basis points, and the rest is going to come from SG&A. And as we saw this quarter, if you hold SG&A dollars flat, you're going to get leverage. You'll have 15 basis points of leverage in the quarter. So, yeah. You have to be vigilant about how you manage SG&A. We're not going to get the 50 basis points or 60 basis points a year from that line item. Acquisitions, obviously, can help because our acquisition model is essentially we buy marketing contribution, which is gross profit minus marketing. So that gives you instant leverage on your SG&A. And that has been part of our story historically. So, yeah, there's lots of leverage to go in there. Hopefully that's helpful to you.
