James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, especially when we have great results to report. I'll start off the call by providing you with my perspective on our third quarter business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our current Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and soon to replace me as Chief Executive Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to discuss our earnings guidance for the year, and then we'll open the call to field questions from you. You should also know that Rick Dierker is here with us today, who replace Matt as CFO in 2016. Let me start off by saying that I'm very proud of my company for the third quarter business results that we achieved. Despite headwinds from continued soft U.S. consumer demand and weakening foreign currency, the Church & Dwight team built upon our momentum in the first half of this year and continue to leverage our innovation-driven strategy to deliver strong business results in the third quarter 2015. This is exemplified by the fact that our organic revenue growth of 3.2% in Q3 was the sixth consecutive quarter of organic growth above 3%, even though we are now lapping high organic growth levels of 5% achieved in the back half of 2014. As I have stated on previous earnings calls, we believe that innovation is the key to delivering strong sales and earnings growth in any economic and competitive environment. Innovation has been a key driver of our past success, as shown by the fact that over 25% of our domestic sales so far this year came from new product launched in the past five years. In 2015, we launched new products in every one of our major category. Some of these new products, like our new premium price cat litter called ARM & HAMMER CLUMP & SEAL, have become a huge hit with our consumers as reflected in both the brand's share results and its impact on category growth. We first launched the new ARM & HAMMER CLUMP & SEAL cat litter products in 2014, which drove a 23.5% increase in our consumption and grew our share by 290 basis points to a record share of 22.9%. In 2015, we built upon this success by launching a new lightweight version of the CLUMP & SEAL cat litter. This product is also off to a great start. Our total ARM & HAMMER cat litter consumption in the first nine-months of 2015 was up 15% and our share grew to a new record of 24.0%. This share growth in 2014 and 2015 has enabled our cat litter brand to grow from number three brand in the category to a strong and growing number two brand. And this growth help drive the cat litter category up 8.6% in the first nine months of last year on top of the 8% growth in 2014. This exemplifies our belief that innovation is the key anecdote to driving improved value creations for our consumers, customers and shareholders. Our goal is to continue launch innovative new products to drive share gains and category growth in all the categories in which we compete. I'll now turn the call over to Matt to give you specific details on our third quarter results.
James R. Craigie: And, Kevin, it's Jim. I'd answer as follows: Industry growth as far as – I can talk in category growth – is actually ticking up a little bit with probably one of the best quarters in a long time in the sense of how many categories of the 14 we compete in grow. It's not huge, but it's a nice little incremental growth. So I feel somewhat positive despite all those somewhat negative signs you read about the economy these days. So I would say at this point in time, I would not worry about the industry growth and maybe it's getting a little better. Share growth, hey, we always feel good about that. I mean, we've got great new product pipelines this year. Next year, I feel extremely good about our new product pipeline. Marketing spending, we've shaved it a little so far this year, but nothing near what everybody else has shaved, when your revenue (21:39) like Colgate has cut 23% of their marketing. Our share of voice is still very high, and we feel very confident we'll continue to grow share out there. And M&A environment is – if you read a lot of stories, I would just tell you, we're very active. I'm not worried about competing on price for the right acquisition out there. But always – the story is finding the right acquisition that we believe has all the factors that we want to see in acquisitions as far as having strong growth potential, a higher margin than our corporate margin, the asset-light net. So, we are continuing to scour the minefield for those kind of acquisitions, and I don't worry about price.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Kevin, I would just say that A&P spending, if you adjusted it for FX in Q3, we spent equal to a year ago. And again, that's a hell of a lot better than a lot of our competitors who cut their A&Ps significantly to cover problems like foreign exchange. And in Q4, the marketing spending will be the highest level of smart marketing spending for the year. So, I feel very confident that it will propel us to some good strong share gains in the fourth quarter and next year with strong momentum. So, we have kept marketing up much better than I believe many of our competitors, have been able to keep our share of voice. And it should lead to very strong share results going forward.
James R. Craigie: We're not going to comment on the margins for BATISTE. When we bought that business in 2011, it had $25 million in trailing net sales, and as Jim said, we think that this thing can be $100 million, and that would be not just – it's growing significantly outside the U.S. right now. It's very small in the U.S., but we're the number two brand, and we started a year out as the number five brand. So we've been growing like a rocket.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Olivia, on the Q4 organic, keep in mind, as you said and we noted the – we're comping a huge number a year ago of 5% and a fair part of that number was driven by some increased promotional spending in the laundry business. So, the whole category has kind of pulled back on that. Hey, look, if we wanted to beat 1%, we could easily put more money into the trade line and drive a bigger thing, but we don't want to upset what seems to be a much more normalized pricing environment in laundry category right now. So, we're very happy to deliver the 1% on top of the 5%, which as Matt said, if you stack it on the two-year basis is a very small number. Don't view that all to deceleration of our business. It is not, we've got a great new product pipeline for next year and we're going to be coming out with kind of, we're not calling the number now, but quite a historic type of organic growth rate as we have in the past, we feel very confident about that. On SG&A, I'll turn it to Matt.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. You kind of spoiled my closing there. But this is my 45th and last quarter of the earnings call. And as you all know, Matt will be replacing me as the head of the company, but I'll stay on as the chairman. I will just tell everybody it's an honor and a privilege to be the CEO of this great company, and I've enjoyed most of the time communicating with you over the past 11 years. I'd also tell you that I strongly recommended Matt as my successor and I have total faith in his ability to continue the great results. And I put my money where my mouth is because the large portion of my personal wealth is tied up with Church & Dwight stock and I intend to keep it that way. So I would just say thank you to everybody. I'll be around, you may see me hanging out at some Analyst Conference once in a while as they give on free food. And otherwise, I've got a great team here between Matt and Rick taking over the company. And we also appointed a new chief marketing officer last week. So we got a great team for the future.
James R. Craigie: Yeah, that's an interesting question. But I mean, I don't think it will change that much. In fact, it's like we've referenced a few times already today, it seems like the laundry category is getting back to more of a normalized pricing environment, which we really think it's the right way to go and drive the categories through innovation. So, that's the way we're going to play the game. We got great new innovations next year. I think the CEOs who are all taking over at Procter has taken over, and Matt and gang all have great experience in the laundry category, are smart enough not to do stupid things and start trade wars that have nobody benefits from. So, I think you got a bunch of very smart characters who understand the business and understand that innovation is a key to it. And now we've had two straight quarters of growth in the laundry category, which are very positive. So I certainly hope everybody understands that, and I think certainly we do at Church & Dwight here. Matt and Rick understand that well, and I think it bodes for good things going forward in the laundry category in my opinion.
James R. Craigie: Joe, I would tell you we're ambivalent toward it because it always just depends on the right deal. What we mentioned today, BATISTE was a relatively small acquisition and now it's quadrupling in size. It's growing like crazy. So we don't mind that. And because we're still a relatively small player in this category, a small acquisition like that can have a great meaningful impact on our bottom line. And, hey, if a big one comes along that fits our criteria, we will do that too and we have the firepower to do it. We can do a $1 billion-plus acquisition. We have that money in the tank. So I – trust me, we have been working hard. We're scouring the landscape for both small and big, but we're not going to just do a big one so we can pound our chest and do what I saw – Cody today bought a business down in Brazil. I mean, I sometimes can even not (37:17) understand some of the prices my competitors pay, and for what I don't consider to be the highest quality stuff, but we're not going to do that. We're not going to do an acquisition to say we've done an acquisition, or do a big one just to come up with some big numbers. We'll find – we've got a great history of finding the right acquisitions, big and small. They've all been winners, and that's the goal. And we are – I can only tell you we are working fast and hard on that constantly to find those acquisitions.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. Well, the shelf space that you saw, if you look at the Nielsen's for Q2, the reason why it looks like we lost points of distribution, which Jason pointed out on the last call, is because we had out of stocks. Out of stocks, when you're sold out, you show up as not having distribution. Because we're filling those back up, if you look at the Nielsen's now, you'll see that our points of distribution have grown. As far as getting new shelf space, when you're in the penalty box, you're not going to get a lot of new shelf space for new products. As I said before, the retailers are showing growing interest now, because our fill rates are back up and we're a good supplier, they're showing growing interest in our new products for 2016.
James R. Craigie: Jason, I'd say yes and yes to your questions. Yeah, OXICLEAN, it was just the last four weeks was just an all-promotion period. We've actually been gaining distribution on OXICLEAN laundry detergent out there, and the promotions have been helping to drive that. So, we feel very confident that brand is building momentum, doing well. And the vitamin business thing, which is your second question, that business, Matt – let Matt jump in.
James R. Craigie: I don't think I'd say it's – since you had an interest in OXICLEAN, it's that we're picking up two new retailers in Q4, and that should start scanning at some point in Q4.
James R. Craigie: Yeah. The business, actually in August, we called 6% full-year organic growth for international. So we raised that to 7% today. And as you know, we have a collection of different businesses. We have a European business, Canadian, Mexico, Brazil, Australia, a small business in China. They all have very, very different dynamics. In Mexico, we've been doing a terrific job in pushing ARM & HAMMER laundry down there. In Europe, we have three brands; BATISTE, Sterimar and femfresh, which have been real horses for us, and we're doing just a terrific job with those PC brands. So this is somewhat country-by-country specific, but we've been competing extremely well in difficult markets. As you probably know, there's been consolidation in the retailers in France which we've been combating and still finding a way to grow. We're going to be calling 7% organic next year for international unlikely, but I'll still say we'll give everybody guidance on that in February.
James R. Craigie: Okay. Well, again, thank you very much. Kind of sentimental. This is my last earnings call, and I got a great team taking over. At this point forward, if you want to go down to the beaches in Florida, you'll see AG (45:23), myself and Don Canales (45:24) enjoying a fruit Corona moment. I just hope we drink the bottles instead of hitting each other with them. So, anyways, it's been a pleasure, folks, and great talking to you. Take care. Bye-bye.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Hey, Jason. This is Matt. So, as you know, our model, as Kevin pointed out, is for revenue growth of 3% and 50 basis points of operating margin expansion annually, and we're going to keep with our past practice of giving our outlook in February and then a line item outlook at that time, too. But as you know, there's always pluses and minuses so, take one of your points, currency. So, the EPS drag this year was 4%, but that was actually muted by FX hedges that we got out in front of. So, actually the FX hurt this past year would have been 6% if not for actions that we took before the year started. A year ago, things started getting pretty volatile with currencies. On the plus side, the vitamin business is coming around, and we expect the vitamin production difficulties not to repeat in 2016, so that's a plus. I'm sure that's on some people's minds as well. But if you wanted to estimate what the – what would the FX drag be for us next year, we'd say probably 2% to 3%.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Hey, Jason. This is Matt. You probably – if you got the Nielsen data, you know that the OXI liquid laundry detergent was up 8% in consumption in the third quarter. And we had lots of successful promotion in Q3. In fact, it created some out-of-stock situations with some of our retailers. And consequently, if you're looking at the Nielsen's, you'd see lower ACV, that's purely because of out of stock. So we made a decision that we wanted to get behind OXICLEAN. When you enter a new category, you're always going to find a lot of competition. And as you know, the OXICLEAN has been growing its share throughout the year, but it's tough sledding. So with respect to the pricing, it's a 20% discount to Tide -Tide which is top end of the brand of the tier. So, naturally, we have somewhat of an advantage there. When you mention Henkel coming into the category, naturally Persil is – started out at Walmart and Amazon earlier in the year, and now they're going to be rolling out to other retailers. So this is a good time for us to get behind the brand.
Matthew T. Farrell: Bill, I would just say the gross margin is well above the company average, and we're gaining distribution left and right. So this is a super hot brand we have, and it's very hot in those consumers out there, and we feel very positive about the growth of this brand. It's just a little monster for us, I would call it.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Bill, your comment on share of market and share of shelf is very interesting. For example, Persil just lost this year to Walmart. They initially got 19 SKUs. Our analysis would show only 2 or 3 of those SKUs would survive long tier, the rest of them all in the bottom quartile of SKU performance. So as they roll out, they're going to have to justify hard why they have any more than 2 or 3 SKUs as they go out based on their performance at Walmart. XTRA's got a little bit of a hard year. We have plans in place to restore growth on that brand. We still believe it's a very strong part of our franchise. It still hangs in around a five share, which is a very meaningful player in the category, and we've got some new product performances, new products from non-XTRA I think will revitalize growth of XTRA.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. On SG&A, we started the year saying we were going to get 15 basis points of leverage on that line item as percentage of sales. And now, we're saying flat, two reasons for that, and one is R&D spend and the other is just our incentive comp. So it's pretty simple.
Matthew T. Farrell: I can help you with some of that, Bill. I don't know about the last one. To give everybody some context, we had operating difficulties with the new plant and the contractors in Q2. Our sales were down for vitamins. We had some retailers on allocation. Had some out of stocks and pulled some promotions. So we're pretty much in the penalty box. And today, I'm happy to report that our fill rates for the last six weeks are over 95%. Production rates are up, our product quality has improved, and importantly, we have growing interest on the part of the retailers (35:43) new products looking ahead. So it's – things have turned around for us. As far as quantifying, Bill, we wouldn't take a swing at that.
Matthew T. Farrell: And Joe, I would just remind you, we have a much bigger vision for the gummy business than just vitamins. We actually hope to take that business into other OTC categories in the future and build that, we're working on that. It takes a lot more effort because of greater FDA regulations in some of those businesses, but it's not a gummy vitamin business, it's a gummy business. And we hope to take it in a lot of different directions in the future and the capacity we have enables us to do that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Jim quoted a number – sales being up 7.8%. If you look at consumption in the quarter, Jason, it's 4.9%. So, there is a bit of an imbalance in Q3, and it was reversed in Q2.
Rick Dierker - Vice President: Hey, Bill. It's Rick, Bill. The only thing I'd add on XTRA is, yeah, share is down, but sales and profits are up. So, we're not repeating some of those cheap trade deals we had a year ago.
Rick Dierker - Vice President: Yeah. It's been flowing through this year. One of the reasons why we're taking gross margin up for the full year from 25% to 35% to 35% to 45% is because of the commodity favorability.
Rick Dierker - Vice President: Yes, so price mix – this is Rick, Joe. Price mix in Q3 was favorable, around a point, and that's largely because of those deep trade deals we didn't do as we're comping a highly promotional environment in Q3 and Q4. So, I think long term, it's still the same algorithm for us. It's largely volume, but this quarter or next quarter as we're not comping some of those trade deals we do have some benefit of price.
