Matthew T. Farrell: All right. Okay. That was Animal Productivity 101 for everybody today. It felt like the Discovery Channel a little bit. All right, I'm going to spend a few minutes on how we run the company, before we get Rick up here and talk about the financials. So, just a few words. So, we have four operating principles. One is we have number one brands and we've leveraged those brands. Those are the 11 power brands that are 80% of our revenues and profits. Number two, we're an asset-light company. We're very focused on the relationship of cash earnings to our tangible assets. Third thing is people. We have fabulous people in our company. You've seen some of them present here today. We have a lot of passion for the company, for the brands, and you can't manufacture that, you can only feel it. So, if you take those three things, leverage brands, assets and people, you get good results. But then, on top of that, the company has a competency to target and acquire businesses. We've been doing it since 2001. We're 16 years in. We know how to do it. And that's why we say, if we have 11 brands today, it's going to be 20 tomorrow. It's just a matter of time. And we focus on gross margin. This is a big part of anybody's financial model. Four ways to get it. First is your continuous improvement program, which is we call Good to Great. The second thing is supply chain optimization. Occasionally, we expand a plan to invest in new capital equipment. Third thing is new products. You want to launch new products that have a higher gross margin than the product that it's replacing. And finally, acquisitions. Virtually every business we buy, we find ways to improve them and expand their gross margins. Our compensation structure is very simple. So, there's four things, net revenue, gross margin, EPS and cash flow. It's been like this for quite a while. It's 25% each. Everybody understands it and we keep it simple. And we also have an all employee bonus, and 25% of that is tied to gross margin. So, when you have a simple incentive compensation plan, it does promote financial literacy. People in our company know what cash flow is, they know what gross margin is, and it helps get it. All right. Now, I'm going to bring Rick up here to wrap it up, and then after that, we'll have some Q&A.
Matthew T. Farrell: I'll try to remember your six questions, so I can get them in order. Well, for starters, you've heard Rick comment about the trend in price, if you look at our organic number, so there was a big price in Q2, less in Q3, less in Q4. So, the trend is favorable. Second thing is commodities. When you have that kind of commodity pressure, that should tamper everyone's appetite to drop price and to compete on price. A third thing I would say is that generally when it comes to price, you really need to have a pretty significant position in a category. So, for baking soda, we have a 75% share, condoms 70% share, those you might expect, you might be able to take some price. But generally, you need the story behind it. For condoms, it would have to be latex cost. You get the idea. So, if you look at us, I said earlier on that we don't have as much exposure to private label. On a weighted average basis, we're around 10% to 11%. So, we don't have the same story as others. And I'll ask Lou if he wants to comment about any conversations we're getting from our retail partners.
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, I'm going to let Rick – the two Ricks comment on that. But I'll begin by saying that we have a very robust Good to Great program. So, our continuous improvement program, we're already working on 2019, and we could tell you what programs we have in 2019. Sometimes when you're debottlenecking things, you have to do one thing before you do the next. So, we know going into the year that we have things to offset commodity increases. The second thing is, yeah, we do have a hedging program, and I can ask Rick to comment on that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. I'll comment on the Evergreen Model. I'll have Steve and Britta comment on both International and the new products. The Evergreen Model once upon a time was 3% to 4%, if you went back 10 years. And that, a couple of years ago, became 3%. So, that was Evergreen Model 1.0. So, we're a lot more granular now with respect to how we're going to grow in the future. And we have the luxury of having an International business growing 6% and a more balanced animal productivity business that can grow 5%. That takes a lot of the pressure off the U.S. business. So, that's why the way to think about it is U.S. is 2%, International 6% and Specialty Products is 5%. I'll let Steve comment further on his confidence in the 6%.
Matthew T. Farrell: The way you should look at that is – and if you're listening today, we have a lot of opportunities here to reinvest. So, you heard about International and you heard about digital. We're maintaining our marketing spend at 12%. It would naturally be lower because Waterpik has a much lower spend. You heard about animal productivity and our expansion there. So, that spend is a permanent spend. So that's going to help fuel us in the future. And in a way you answered your question, Jo, and that it takes a little bit of time, but healthy companies can approach the tax cut very differently than others. So it gives you degrees of freedom and start looking ahead not to 2018, but 2019 and 2020, and that is how we're looking at it. And if you listen to the things I just described where we can put the money, we will make the right choices to sustain our model going forward.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. If you look at our history, this is not a company you want to bet against. So we deliver on our commitments. And our commitments to our shareholders have been that we're going to drive that Evergreen model year after-year-after-year. So, we're going to make investments this year we're going accelerate investments that we might have done over maybe the next two years to three years. We're not prepared today to say suddenly we're changing our model and now we're going to have much higher top line and bottom line. The people who invest in this company are taking a five-year view and they have confidence that we can nail that for the next five years, and that's why they invest in us.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. You started off with the laundry category. So, the laundry category in the fourth quarter was flattish. It was less promotional frankly sequentially. So, that's all good news. If you look at the brands in the categories that are doing really well, one would be ARM & HAMMER. So, we've grown – no surprise, ARM & HAMMER grew in the fourth quarter and also on a full-year basis. So, that is our flagship brand in detergent. Within the category deep value was (01:13:33) struggling. So, that would be brands like our brand Xtra, Sun and Purex. So, all three of those brands lost share last year. So, that's – so Xtra is a leaky bucket for us, but the combination of our three brands ARM & HAMMER, OXICLEAN and Xtra, we grew share in – I think we're up 50 basis points or 60 basis points of share all in, in the laundry category. And Pods, I mentioned earlier, I said Pods has slowed down quite a bit in last two quarters. We continue to grow double digit.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. So, we've been at this for a good while now. Of course, we only have the room for so long. I just want to thank everybody for coming today. The team that you see up here is representative of the kind of talent that we have at the Church & Dwight, and we are very confident in our future. And I think you would all have to agree that what we're calling for 2016 is head and shoulders over our peer group. Thanks for coming.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. The only thing I'd add is from the outlook perspective, it's largely volume driven in terms of organic growth.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. From a gross margin perspective, we're about 50% hedged on our key commodities. We have seven of them that we track all the time. I walked you through some of the movements in key commodities. But the other tailwind we have is some of the mix is, I think, going our way with – as the personal care business has continued to improve over time. So, that's going to help. I'll let Rick opine on the G2G program, but we've had some great incremental steps in our productivity program.
Richard A. Dierker: The analogy I use sometimes is M&A. And sometimes people who have a base business is going backwards has to do a bad deal, that's a reach for something. And so, that's never been the case here. Our business is performing very well, we just had a great quarter, great end of the year. And those are the investments from the same concept as we want to make sure the algorithm is bulletproof 10 years later.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. The other comment I'd add to that is, we always measure ourselves versus our peer group as well. So ex-tax reform, if we're around 9% EPS growth, then the peer group's 4.5%. If post-tax reform we're 16% to 18%, the peer group is 6.5%, 7%. So, we feel very happy and very satisfied with where we're at on that sliding scale. Your free cash flow conversion question, on average, we've averaged around 120% free cash flow conversion. That will dip down because of the new tax law, right. Cash tax rate and book rate converge over time. So, if I was doing a model, I'd probably model it around 110%.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. Well, the good news is over time those gross margins are converging on actually the company gross margin. So it's not that different for international to the corporate gross margin. The productivity business – animal productivity business does have a little bit lower gross margin, but some of those recent deals we've done have margins in the 60s and 70s, right. And so those are really the fast growing business as well. So, I'd say, minimal impact overall of those two divisions growing faster.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. The good news is across the portfolio largely gross margins online and in bricks-and-mortars are very similar. So, no, we're not.
Richard A. Dierker: Just, you know, our aspiration to gross margin accretion from every M&A deal we do, right. That's definitely the goal. Waterpik is, I'd say largely neutral to gross margin. We think over time, right, we said when we made that announcement in August that we're going to spend around $10 million in 2018 to get $10 million of synergies in 2019. So, I'd expect in 2019 for some of the gross margin to be a little bit more accretive for Waterpik. So, remember just like the Avid deal, when we did, vitamins, when we bought the business, it was a 38% gross margin, and we got up to 45% over two years, and that was part of Matt's slide on how we expand gross margin and just the run way for productivity, so.
Richard A. Dierker: Just to echo what Britta said, it was really broad-based in the personal care business, it was across many different brands. So, just a good combination of innovation over the long-term and great advertising.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, lot of details in there. I'd say in general in Q4, I think we had around 70 basis points help from acquisitions offset by maybe price mix of minus 30 basis points, minus commodities of, not 140 basis points, but maybe 40 basis points or 50 basis points, and then positives from price mix, I mean mix really. You're right, we've had some benefit in 2017 from M&A on the gross margin line, and conversely, we've had some negative help from the SG&A line for these same acquisitions. So, I think it's kind of neutral on an operating margin basis. In 2018, we expect 0 to 10 basis points from M&A. So, it is not a tailwind in 2018. What I talked about earlier was personal care, the fact that we've hedged, the fact that we have a great productivity program, so those are kind of what's going on.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. A lot of focus on gross margin, I guess, right. In the industry, there is a lot of pressure on gross margins, so I get the question, right. I would have said back in August, if I gave you a gross margin outlook, it would have been positive 30 basis points to 40 basis points. And so, we're well positioned and a lot of those things are structural, right. A lot of the G2G productivity programs we've had in place for years now, that are coming to fruition now. We were hedged last year about 50%, we're hedged this year about 50%. There is no turnover that's happening on resin per se that's causing us any flux.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. No, it's a fair point that if it was that material, then yes, that would happen. But resins, I think it sometimes is overblown for Church & Dwight, how material it is. It's not like a Clorox in the Glad trash bag business. We have resin in laundry bottles, yeah we do, but it's not as exposed that I think we could ask about it. So, it's one of the seven, it's probably one of the top four, but it's not the number one. So, I don't know if there is any other questions besides that, but really, and we have a lot of confidence in 2018 margin because of the productivity programs that we've done about for a year or two, because of the personal care mix coming. We still launch accretive new products, we haven't changed that. We still aim to launch accretive new products with innovation, right, SLIDE is a great example, Clump & Seal is a great example. We're moving up the litter category, units aren't really going up, but the price premium for the consumer is.
Steven P. Cugine: Well, I'm certainly very confident in the 6%. I made several mention of that. But I think back to Matt's point, they were banging around that 4%, 4%-plus over time, and I think that simply because the U.S. represented such an opportunity and was growing much faster. And so, all the time and attention largely went to the Domestic business. Not until we really changed the strategy, did we say, jeez, we really think we can really fundamentally change our participation in the International marketplace and really get behind very strong growth. And we wanted to prove that, one, to ourselves first that we had strategies that we could rely on, depend on, and then build enough scale that really is material for the company. So, I think we've done that. To your question in terms of – certainly emerging markets are going to play a much bigger role in driving growth. Our Asia-Pac business will be growing very strong, we expect that, for next year and beyond. Certainly, the developed markets, the traditional markets, Europe for example is not going to grow nearly as strong as – whether it be any of our LatAm businesses or Asia-Pacific businesses. So, it is going to be weighted that way.
Steven P. Cugine: Today, 100% of that business is just the equipment. The example that I showed on the screen, the whitening one, and maybe Britta wants to talk a little bit about that, that is the first entrance into like a refillable type of scenario.
Steven P. Cugine: Yeah, I would say that we're doing just that, Actually both in Canada and Europe, where Amazon is making significant investments. And we're taking the learnings that the domestic team has and applying them in our international markets. I would put Costco in that category as well – strong, global, retailer, and we're very successful with them in many parts of the world.
Britta Bomhard: Well, I definitely want to add something. So, mea culpa, normally at this point, we're showing you the TV commercials of the new product, and that's maybe why you have the impression that we are not giving it the same full support, mea culpa, because we haven't got them ready yet. So, what you will see soon is exciting news and TV commercials for the new product, which I hope will reinforce your confidence that we give it full support, we're very excited.
Britta Bomhard: Yeah. So we're learning lots about Waterpik. And I think we would struggle with exactly the questions you have. So, actually different households act differently. We have a few people, maybe some of them in the room. They buy it once, and that's it. But we obviously also have a lot of dedicated families where we can see the first family member has one and then they actually extend it over the family. So if you look at households, there is repeat purchase. And then of those people who actually get into the habit of using it, we also see that people renew the models. There is a constant upgraded improvement, and also we are branching out into areas, which you might have seen the latest models are extremely Silicon Allegan. There's something like bathroom aesthetics. So people buy those, or we are now launching a model, which is a travel model for those people who cannot be without that fresh and clean feeling. So, there's lots of opportunities to either extend into more households. Household penetration currently is only around 16%, electric toothbrushes is around 40%, so huge household penetration opportunity. Secondly, more devices per household; thirdly upgrades per household; and then as I said fourthly, this is early days. My expectation, I have some background in razors and blades is that the first product we launch will not be the success on the replenishing model, but over time, we will get it right, and then life gets really exciting.
Britta Bomhard: Yeah. So, building on that what you saw was AOC share Nielsen. Nielsen in this category only covers 70% of the market. I just talked about how much and that we have market dominance on Amazon. So actually if you put those together, our share picture would be much more positive, first of all. Second, we do have innovations, and third, we are absolutely confident we will grow that.
Britta Bomhard: No. I think that we did do – so, yeah, absolutely. I think one of the things we're finding is, when we talked about category growth early as well, there's, a, some of our categories like condoms where we talked for long time, young people are, with absolute number declining, are having less sex, we heard all about that I think several times, and they're moving online, right. So, these are things which are difficult to scale. I think we have great campaigns in place now. Same for vitamins, I think we've seen a clear up-tick on our vitamin campaign, Vitamin Better. So, I would say we are driving those sales, particularly in the later quarter and we've also put some investments behind it.
Britta Bomhard: I just want to add, I think actually our toy business is going very well. So, those people who are having sex are having more fun.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks, Matt. So, both you and Rick mentioned earlier today that ex tax, you guys would be growing the top line 3% organic and EPS 9%. I guess the delta in terms of the investments that you're investing back in the business is about $0.10. So, A, why aren't we seeing faster growth this year? I know there's a lag time between those investments and faster growth. Or B, is it that you have to reinvest that $0.10 every year going forward to still get that 3% top line? Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks. I have a question on your probiotic or vitamin business. You guys put a slide up there where you show that you've lost share and it's the first time in the last few years. So could you drill down a little bit more on what are the key drivers of that share loss, the competitive environment? And then what's your outlook for that business this year? And is your goal to stabilize share and how do you expect to accomplish that? Is it through innovation, stepped up spending, promos for instance behind that business.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Matt, is that, we have over 100 carriers that we work with, but 10 of those deliver 80% of our product, of our volume. And so, we were able to partner very closely with those 10 and we've been able to ensure that we had adequate supply of containers and drivers, so we've been ahead of the curve there, as Matt said.
Caroline Levy: Hi. Just thinking through your margin, what is the impact of international and the animal feed growing faster than your base business? Number one.
Caroline Levy: No, I'm talking about the consumer purchase, the blade and razor idea? Are you with Waterpik selling...
Caroline Levy: My last question is most important, can you scrape our bodies the way you do the chickens and figure out how to give us the right probiotic.
