Matt Farrell: Okay. Good question. So we raised prices in eight categories, let's say five in household and three in personal care. So litter, stain fighters, carpet deodorizer, baking soda and also WATERPIK. I guess WATERPIK we throw over on the personal care side. Then dry shampoo, condoms and ORAJEL. So volumes have been better than expected for us throughout the year. Logical question is, okay when is the price mix going to turn positive for volume? And from our point of view, generally you have to wait a year for that to happen. For most categories -- most of our categories are need based and generally volume growth will return about one year after price increases.
Matt Farrell: Yes. The - look the second half one thing is out of our control, one thing is in our control. So it's out of our control. If you have an important retailer, historically the largest account having some operating difficulties in cutting orders that's just -- those things happen. What was in our control is, do we go forward with a new product launch broadly? And obviously making that decision to defer to next year was an obvious hit to our reported numbers, as well as the perception of investors with respect to the acquisition. So we deferred that until February 2020. The good news is that, we've been getting a lot of distribution wins that we know are coming. And when we see that the ACV is going to be up 10% next year and we're calling a 15% growth, we think it's on sound ground. Now the thing to keep in mind here too is that, this is a brand that's in transition. If you were a -- the brand is largely driven by displays and it's moving to be an in-aisle brand so that's a big transition. And remember that business wasn't set-up to manage a business that was an in-aisle brand. This -- and the other thing we're doing is we're building a brand. We start with a product and we're building a brand. And the way you build a brand is with marketing and with new product innovation and the business has a really good pipeline of innovation. So those are reasons why we say, hey we got a bit of a bump here going sideways in the second half but we feel good about the future.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well we can tell from the previous launches and the excitement on the part of the consumer for the brand and the retailers recognize it as well. This brand does get younger consumers into the stores, which is definitely what many retailers are looking for. So we're not worried about velocity. We think that once we get really good placement distribution in aisle it's going to help the brand. It's going to be a big positive.
Matt Farrell: Yes, we do. We do Rupesh. There's a lot of opportunity internationally that and combined with the success we're having with new distribution wins we think we're still on track.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Yes. Well only owned the business since May. I mean it's early days but a lot of good things are happening.
Matt Farrell: Well, if you're saying that people are going to be spending things back, the trend would suggest no, so far. If you look at what's going on in laundry for example over the -- this year and the most recent quarter the laundry categories sold on deal was down 180 basis points. And so the laundry sold on deal was down 300 basis points. And I think, if you look at categories where there were price increases, I don't think it's logical for people to say well that was fun. We had the price increase for a year and now we're going to start dealing it all back. I mean, these are all public companies trying to increase their earnings year-over-year, so I don't think that would be illogical to think that those things would be dealt back.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Nothing different from what we called out last time, Steve. It's largely because we're pulling back from promotional spending. And the kind of same commentary we gave last call as we pull back on laundry, it may also sold on deal and on couponing. As we lap -- the example, I gave earlier in the call, as we lap a high volume number for litter, which is still really strong on a stack basis, all those things contribute to just the deceleration over the year.
Matt Farrell: Well it's -- like I said, it's the most important retailer and they did curtail orders. We do see that in the fourth quarter. That seems to be coming back a little bit. But we don't expect to be as dependent upon that one retailer going forward considering the number of distribution wins that we have coming in February.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, FLAWLESS there's a big opportunity in food. Very low ACV in food, so we expect to increase that dramatically. So when I say we have 55% ACV, there's still a lot of runway. And I would say that's a class of trade that we have the biggest opportunity.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good question. If you look at Q2 and Q3 and you look at marketing as a percentage of sales you'd see Q2 is 12%; Q3 11.5%. So it's sort of in the sweet spot of trying to hit 11.7% on a full year basis. So Q1 was lower. We did shift a few million dollars out of Q3 into Q4. There are some things happening in Q4 such as the OXICLEAN DARK PROTECT. It's a new product launch that is a second half launch so we got some money behind that. We also have a couple of 2020 launches that are being pulled forward. One for BATISTE and we have a TROJAN G q condom that's shipping early so we're moving up some support. So on a full year basis, we'll hit 11.7%. We have had quarters in the past that have been in excess of 13%. If you went back to last year 2018 I think it was a second quarter. It was over 13%. So it has happened in the past.
Matt Farrell: Well, Broad question. International we just a year ago 1.5 years ago we started up with Shanghai Jahwa and have baking soda, toothpaste, dry shampoo and some high there. We're having a lot of success with water flossers and vitamins. The business has been growing at 25% annually. It's likely going to be the fastest-growing part of Church & Dwight going forward. But I wouldn't speculate just yet as to how fast we're going to get to your target.
Matt Farrell: Yes. That's a good question. If you look at the shares for the quarter, I mentioned that ARM & HAMMER was up 40 bps and XTRA was up 10 bps. Going the other way for us was OXICLEAN. OXICLEAN was down 40 bps, which is now 0.7% share. But the two big brands that we have ARM & HAMMER and XTRA, certainly, they're very healthy. If you look at the suppliers and you look at all the brands for the three suppliers, P&G, Church & Dwight Henkel, I just gave you the math for Church & Dwight being up 10 bps. P&G was up a full share point and Henkel was down 140 bps in share. And that was across all and Purex. So I hope that gives you a perspective on what's going on. As far as unit dose goes, unit dose for us, Purex has reentered after a three-year absence in the pods category. And they entered with a very low price point and they have gained 130 basis points of share. At the same time, Simply Tide pods were heavily promoted this quarter. Actually, they're up 1,000 basis points as far as percentage sold on deal year-over-year, which is kind of massive. And at the same time, we had pulled back 900 basis points year-over-year for a percentage sold on deals. So combination of all that we -- our ARM & HAMMER pods actually lost 30 bps of share in the quarter, so we only grew a little over 1%, 1%, 1.5%. So for our part, we'll be focused on having the right value proposition for the consumer which is a combination of quality and the right price. But that'll give you a sense for what's going on dynamic-wise.
Matt Farrell: Yes. No, you'll have to stay tuned on a product placement. We're pretty excited about where we're going to be placing some major retailers in February. As far as the dynamics goes, replenishment is different for in-aisle than if you have displays and that's our sweet spot. We're not a display-driven business. Obviously, we use displays from time to time as promotions, but that's not central to our go-to-market strategy. So in-aisle is where we're going to be able to help the FLAWLESS business.
Matt Farrell: All right. I think we're going to wrap it up right now. We'll see everybody at the exchange in February. I mean, final note, we had a super quarter. We're going to have a good fourth quarter and we're looking forward to 2020. So we'll talk to you later.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would just add Olivia. I think you heard in my comments in 2020 and beyond, we think we're going to be largely volume driven. As an example the domestic business in Q2 was minus 0.9% on volume. And in Q3 it was minus 1.8%. So it was sequentially worse. Now that's largely a cat litter story. And remember in Q2 on the call we said we expected our litter business to slow down a bit in the second half. We -- competition raised price earlier than we did so we got a little bit of a volume benefit in the second half. And so on a stack basis, we don't usually do this. But on a stack basis for sales litter in Q1 was 16. In Q2 it was closer to 12 so the first half averaged 13 and the stack basis for Q3 and Q4 is going to average actually 14. So the litter business is very strong, but that show up a little bit in volume in Q3.
Rick Dierker: Yes sure. Our bridge from our organic number to Nielsen, Nielsen was around 1.7%. So that would be tracked channels. We were at 3.3%. That's a delta of 1.6. 2/3 of that is just on tracked channels. I think you read in the release or in Matt's comments online sales are up 30%, right? So that business continues to do really well. And then maybe 1/3 of that is lower coupons as we pull back on trade and laundry as an example we're also pulling back on couponing. So by and large, it's really just a comp issue for litter and then it's pull back for everything like laundry.
Rick Dierker: And I just want to give context to the bump right? We're bringing the full year reported number down from 6% to 5%. Only one-third of that is -- so it's maybe 30 basis is because of this FLAWLESS miss in Q3. Then the one-third is just integration transition timing as we move it out a month. We didn't want to do all the inventory activity right when they're trying to ship out so we move that a month. That was worth one-third of it. And then one-third of it is FX. So it's one-third of 1% to give you context.
Rick Dierker: Yes, sure. No problem Cody. You're right. When we provided the 40 -- the 80 basis points for the full year last quarter about half of that was the base business and half of that was FLAWLESS. So 40 and 40. The FLAWLESS number is unchanged. It's still a 40. And then the 60 is the base business. So that's 100 for the full year now. If you just start with the 40 basis point outlook and then we add back the benefit of tariffs that's 25 basis points. I could see a 65. And then you subtract out Tier 4 tariffs right? We got hit by a little bit Tier 4 stuff like SPINBRUSH and water showerheads and FLAWLESS. That's about 10 bps. And then some of the investments that Matt alluded to that we're going to spend back that's another 10 basis points so that gets you to 45. And then we're actually having a little better productivity by and large. So that's how you get to plus 15. So it's largely productivity driven. That's the reason we're doing better on the base business.
Rick Dierker: Yes, no problem. It's largely related to our WATERPIK, Water Flosser business, which got caught up in Tier 2. It was about $11 million in the quarter. We expect to get another $1 million or $2 million in the fourth quarter as some of that went to inventory and gets flushed through. On a margin basis it's neutral because we had a drag of 25 basis points in our outlook and then this comes back around. So now it's neutral in gross margin. So the dollars -- so in 2020 then it will be neutral on margin. But the dollars will still be there just like they are right now in 2019.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And it really comes down to what Matt said in his earlier comments. We still believe that business is going to grow plus 15% for the foreseeable future.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I mean I just alluded to Cody that we got hit -- we will be getting hit with Tier four just like anybody else. And it's really three product lines for us SPINBRUSH, FLAWLESS and WATERPIK shower heads. And there's a few million bucks of a headwind in Q4. Remember some of the tariffs start September 1. Some of them start December 15. And we'll do what we do with WATERPIK, right? We go back to our suppliers and negotiate on sharing some of the tariff burden and we'll also look at pricing. And so we'll update you in February on what the net impact of any of that noise would be.
Rick Dierker: And I would just add on the commodity side, Nik. You'll see in our Q but commodities and transportation for us we're still 110 basis point drag in the quarter. And if you parse out just commodities they were still a headwind for us around 70 basis points. Now part of that is because we have some hedges in place. And so those hedges in place roll off, that won't be a headwind. But we do have mid-single-digit increases for like litter raw materials as an example or high single-digit for sugar. So there's still inflation. There's not free fall deflation out there. I think it's improving no doubt. Some of our major commodities are actually down like ethylene and HDPE but not all of them are.
Rick Dierker: Right. I'll try to put that in my upfront comments, but we will definitely just -- we'll pro forma what -- so for example in Q3 this year within the P&L, $20 million was there for FLAWLESS net sales and that represents a marketing profit. What the real net sales were they were around $60 million. So in Q3 next year, we'll do all of our organic growth off of $60 million.
Rick Dierker: Yes. On the second one, not really class of trade but only 17% of their sales is currently international. And that business is just going to grow as we plug that into our international footprint.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. And you're right Lauren it's up -- it's going to be up in the $25 million $30 million year-over-year. Some of that is some of the acquisitions right? WATERPIK has some spending in Q4 FLAWLESS has some spending in Q4. It will be the a normal kind of P&L marketing spend for November/December. So some of that is just – like Matt said some of the shifts because of the resets, but also higher numbers for the acquisition.
