James R. Craigie: Thanks, Matt. I'll finish up our portion of the call today with a few words on our outlook for the full year. As stated in the press release, we have updated our 2014 guidance to reflect the organic sales growth at the lower end of our 3% to 4% range, and we've tightened our earnings per share growth to 7% to 9%. These results, we've driven by our balanced portfolio of value and premium products, the launch of our innovative new products, aggressive productivity programs and tight management overhead costs. Our 7% to 9% earnings growth target is a tighter band than our initial 6% to 10% earnings growth target, but is still in the upper quartile of EPS growth targets in the CPG industry, consistent with our historical performance. And we believe we can deliver within that aggressive range despite the highly competitive environment and weak U.S. consumer demand. The majority of our annual earnings growth is planned to occur in the second half of the year, since the first half includes a significant increase in slotting, couponing, trade promotions and incremental advertising for our new product launches versus what we've spent last year. We are also aggressively pursuing acquisitions and a significant financial firepower to make them. As you know, we have a great track record of making highly accretive acquisitions, because we are very selective of the type of businesses we acquire. That ends our presentation. I'll now open the call to questions that you may have, which Matt and I will do our best to answer. Operator, please go ahead.
James R. Craigie: I would tell you to kind of think of this year as a year where we're investing for the future and yet, still delivering an earnings per share growth that I think is at the upper end of the industry. So I kind of look at it as a win-win. We always want to be in that top quartile in earnings growth. In this case, we're below 10%. So if it wasn't for foreign exchange, we'll be in double digits, but we're slightly below 10%. But more importantly, we're investing in the future with all the great new products and the strong advertising support. I would tell you to keep in mind, some of our competitors are actually cutting advertising. Procter's announced last year, they're going to cut $1 billion out of their marketing spending. And we're keeping our marketing spending strong. And we also told you previously, we're actually focusing that a little bit before -- more behind our 4 big mega brands. So we're very excited with the fact we got the best new product pipeline we've ever had this year. We're investing behind it. That's why the first quarter and the second quarter are down or flat versus EPS. So we've expect some very strong growth in the back half of the year. But investments is the right way to think about it, but still delivering very strong earnings growth compared to our competition.
James R. Craigie: No, I wouldn't say that acquisitions are unlikely. And with respect to share repurchase, the high watermark for the company in the past was around $250 million a few years ago. So we have been at that level before, and it's a way to think about what was built into the numbers and where are we now. So when we start the year, you're faced with question marks about retailer acceptance of our new products, consumer trial, the impact of Simply Tide. FX became topical even for us, even though we were only 20% international. So that's more of an issue for us this year than in prior years. And input costs have also been -- is also a question mark and then you come to share count. So you have some levers that were all in question marks with respect to that wide range of 6% to 10%, which we've now tightened. So our expectation was to purchase shares this year, up to around $250 million. So that's how we started the year, depending how things would go. So that's what we did in 2 pieces, $140 million in February, and we did a little bit more in March, $120 million. And then looking at it right now, we'd say, "Okay, we have $350 million remaining on our authorization." We don't expect to exhaust that, Dara, or even exceed half of the remainder. But we will do some more before the year's out.
James R. Craigie: Yes, I'll be glad to, Jason. First of all, when you look at the first quarter results, we're in roughly 14 categories, and half of them were down, the half were up. So that's not great. We wish it was -- more than half were up. We're excited about the personal care side of our portfolio this year. We've got some great new products. Our FIRST RESPONSE pregnancy kits have -- the first and only pregnancy kit that tells you 6 days before your missed period. Every time, it's gone up a day, the first guy to have it usually benefits the category, so that's very premium-priced. So that's just launched, we're excited. On Nair, we have a whole new line of products going out under Argan oil, new moisturizer on the products, new ingredient. That's hitting market and off to a great start. On the vitamins, we launched a vitamin-plus line on both the kids side and the adult side. That's, again, got better-than-average company margins on it. We expect that to do very well and drive double-digit sales growth this year. Oral care is probably the best year we've had in a long time. We have a whole new line going out under the Truly Radiant name for both toothpaste and toothbrushes. It's got great new distribution. Our early share results are up there, and we're very excited about that. We had a lady -- the TV talk show, The Biggest Loser, who is our spokesperson. The ads are terrific, and that product's off to a very good start. And that's, again, all premium-priced products. And then TROJAN, we have some new condoms, vibrators and lubricants going out, again, very high-premium price in terms of margin in that. So now we've got a very strong portfolio on the personal care side of the world. And also, we told you before, the household side, the cat litter is our star for the moment because it's out the earliest and doing great, but we have new laundry detergent forms. OxiClean, as you know, which is, prior to the company average margins, has got lot of tough stuff out there. The laundry detergent, new bleach-like product, new dish-washing product out there. So our guns are loaded. We're supporting it. The advertising's very strong. And Matt told you before, the second quarter advertising is going to be the highest of any quarter of the year to drive the trial, and we've done stuff on the pricing side, as I say, to make sure we're competitive.
James R. Craigie: Yes. So we got a front end -- it's more front-end loaded, right? So it's pretty much both on the percentages and the dollars that's been the highest for the year for Q2. And that means, obviously, we're pulling things forward to get behind the new product launches.
James R. Craigie: Yes, on a full year basis, where we are right now, it's round numbers, be 139 million shares, and you can -- for average shares on a full year -- if you want to use a full year weighted average number.
James R. Craigie: Yes. I just want to make sure that you understand it. So where -- when I say where we are right now, we bought back $260 million worth of shares, so your round number denominator would be 139 million shares to calculate EPS. And I already commented on how much more we might buy for the remainder of the year, so you can do the math on that and you adjust the 139 million downward.
James R. Craigie: The total laundry category, including liquid powder and the unit dose, was down about 2.9% in the fourth quarter last year. And I believe the number, we're pulling it right now is -- because we often confuse liquid and everything else like that. I'm sorry, it was down 2.2% in the fourth quarter, and it was down 3.9% in the first quarter of this year, all types of laundry products.
James R. Craigie: Yes, it's too early to tell, Joe. There's a lot going on with the category. Our new product launches, the couponing and trade spending by some of our competitors has clouded the water a little bit like that. It's just too early to tell. We're very happy we got incremental distribution on both our ARM & HAMMER and OxiClean laundry products. And now we started to drive quality, increase advertising and the trade and coupon spending.
James R. Craigie: Yes. No, you're right. There was some press out there that unfortunately got blown out of sight. The press was very narrow -- or actually, the studies done were very narrow about -- focusing on cardiovascular disease and cancer. The newspeople in the world kind of expanded that to be some very broad headlines that multivitamins weren't effective. So it caused a bit of dent in the category. We're happy and fortunate that we're on the growth side of the category, and we have some incredible -- with the gummy side of the business which has been and will continue to be the growth part of the business. So I think the category will respond. We did a lot of due diligence when we bought this business, and we were warned by the people in this business that these kind of things will happen. They'll be relatively short lived and the things go back. So I think there'll be a pretty quick bounce back in the category on this. As most people take vitamins to supplement their nutritionary [ph] needs, and most people have gaps in their nutrient needs, so I think this bad press will quickly pass through and the category will start growing again.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Jason. Yes, that's late-breaking news. We are very happy to see Walmart announce that initiative of at least 25% compaction by 2018. We're very strongly behind all this. We think it's great for the environment, and we'll be working very closely with Walmart to make this happen as soon as possible.
James R. Craigie: Right. And the great trial we're driving behind all the great new products will pay off more in the second half of the year without the drag of the coupon and slotting cost, which heavily hit the first half. All that is netted in our sales numbers in the first few quarters.
James R. Craigie: Yes. I would say my perspective on it. It wasn't really a total surprise. I've been concerned about this happening for a while. As you know, the weak economy that we've had since 2009 has encouraged consumers in a lot of categories to trade down. We took advantage of that behind our great line of value detergents and some launching -- by launching great new products, increasing advertising support, particularly in ARM & HAMMER. That's led to 5 straight years of share gains for us on ARM & HAMMER. And now, like we've told you before, we're now the #2 laundry detergent company. So our competitors were getting frustrated. We saw that. I feel P&G kind of through the match in the gas by launching a half-priced version of Tide. We responded to that with innovations. We had a whole new line of all ARM & HAMMER pods [ph] called Clean Scentsations out there, and we launched the OxiClean laundry detergent. But unfortunately, a couple of our competitors, namely Henkel and Sun, responded by lowering some feature prices and dropping a lot more coupons at higher values out there. We would never lead such tactics, but we'll be competitive. So we responded to that in the second half of the year to support our targets, and that's where it is. But I think we are doing the right thing and -- by driving innovation initially and -- but like I said, we will not be uncompetitive.
James R. Craigie: I think it's a good -- great question. I think it's too early to call that. Don't forget, there's 2 parts to it. They -- the retailers see the trade promotion dollars, and that affects their same-store dollar [ph] range, and that drives some of the category. What's not captured by the retailers, they don't get affected by it or by the categories, all the coupons. And all the coupons that are dropped through the papers and that have been pretty huge. Again, the retailer is immune from that because that doesn't affect the selling price that they get. So it's kind of a mixed bag there, but it certainly isn't good. We said in an earlier answer, the category was starting to rebound in the fourth quarter of last year, and we're rather excited about that and looking forward to a year being driven by innovation, and then the competitive actions to lower prices has kind of hurt the category short term. And I don't know how long it will last. I'm not sure. But we have the firepower to stay competitive on this to deliver our targets.
James R. Craigie: Yes, but I would chime in too. Keep in mind things we've heard about that are coming through the benefits are. We put a cat litter line into our York plant about a year ago, and that's paying huge benefits. And we're in the process of putting expanded capacity in for our gummy vitamin plant into our York facility, and that'll generate cost savings too. So we have good projects ahead of us. We have a 3-year pipeline of Good to Great savings we call ahead of us. So it's always been a hallmark to the company. We're extremely aggressive about it. It's in our -- it's in the -- 25% of everyone's bonus at this company is based on hitting the gross margin improvement targets. So a lot of focus on and around here and a great pipeline of projects and some big -- that includes some big projects.
James R. Craigie: Bill, this is honestly late breaking news that's just come out there. Like I said, we totally support it. We believe it could happen sooner and bigger, but we have to work all that out with Walmart in that. So that's all to be seen. It's just late breaking news and we're again, just very -- we've always been a big supporter of compaction, and we will be in the future.
James R. Craigie: Yes. We're in a lot of categories. But overall, I would say we've always planned for the worst and hoped for the best. So we don't expect much improvement in the care category growth rates, much at all. We are -- our plan is heavily driven by the innovations driving improved share results. As I told you, our first big one out the door, that's -- the first market grows [ph] on cat litter, the results are spectacular to date, and we hope to see similar results like that because we think we have a great new product line. They've been tested thoroughly with consumers, consumers love them and we're putting our money where our mouth is in terms of spending to drive, first, the distribution in terms of slotting fees and now the trial with advertising and couponing and trade support behind them. So we're not counting much on all about category improvement. If that happens, that's terrific, but we're mostly driving the share of our products through our great new product innovations.
James R. Craigie: Well, first, I would say 2. We're holding up our advertising spending to where it was a year ago. And the word we have, our tracking measures all show is that almost all of our competitors have cut their advertising spending. So we expect our share of voice in the marketplace to switch. It always -- we measure our advertising spending by to be greater than our share of market, and that's the formula that we've had in the past and will be in the future to drive your business results. So we expect to be very competitive and actually be driving growth of our brands through our strong advertising spending. And then you put that behind a great new pipeline of products and you got it. So -- and our sales force has done an excellent -- the incremental distribution we got was tremendous. So again, the whole thing about Q1, the first step was getting incremental distribution, we got it. Q2, we're turning on the gas in terms of marketing spending, we got it. And I just think that's a great formula that'll kick in. And as Matt said in the second half of the year, we get relief from the fact of all the slotting fees and that, that we spent in the first half go away to help drive the gross margin which gets into the net selling prices positive. So this is an age-old formula, but it works and we do it very well and it starts with the great new products and then executing. And we've got a great sales force and marketing team to execute on it. And it's done it before, and we think it'll do it again.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Bill. I really -- I mean, I don't control that all. Obviously, I just had my side of it. I don't know. I can say one point of view that the actions by the competitors were simply to take their users out of the marketplace before our great new products hit and some of the Procter products hit, so it could've been a short-term defensive action to just try to pull aside their users. But as I've said to you before, if they want to continue this out, we will not lead it. But we'll be right there with them, competitive, and we'll see what happens. And I really can't go any further [indiscernible] issue for both competitive and legal reasons.
James R. Craigie: Yes. Bill, on M&A, you know we can't comment on things like that. We have very defined criteria for finding deals and looking for products that are #1 or 2 or in their categories. And the higher gross margin in our category, have future growth capability, NRIs and have -- asset light, that's what we prefer. That's what we comb the marketplace for. We're very aware of everything going on out there. So we're always open at looking at stuff and we'll make judgments, but I hope the Street and our shareholders respect the fact we're very diligent and disciplined about how we look at acquisitions, and we'll continue to be that way. So that's, that.
James R. Craigie: Thanks, Michael. It's not -- it's one of the key drivers. We bought this business. We saw that it was way underdeveloped in terms of distribution. The company we bought it from was a wonderful little family company. They didn't have a lot the resources. They largely had one salesperson. That person largely coverages 5 accounts, and they didn't have the time to get out to the hundreds of other accounts out there, particularly in the food and drug trade. So we have a full-scale sales force supported by brokers, and we have leveraged that to get the full product line out there in all channels of distribution in that. So that's been a big plus, but also, we've been -- I told you we doubled the advertising last year. We're going to take it up at least north of 30% this year. We're putting out new product lines on both the kids and the adults, and we're doing -- driving tons of trials through sampling in that, because our -- the big opportunity for us is really on the adult side. We already have over a 50% share of the kids business. And the adult side, we're #1, but in the share position, but the issue is it's a very small piece, like it's only 6% of all adult vitamins out there. And I think the adult category is 20x the size of the kids category. So -- and our view, it's more like Coca-Cola, there's -- only x percent of the world drinks colas. We look at the fact that only 6% of adults who use vitamins use gummy vitamins. So we believe the upside is 94% to go because I haven't found one person ever in my life who's tasted a gummy vitamin and hasn't preferred it to the hard pill they take. So we're just all about that. It's great upside we're chasing with the -- getting the distribution out there, getting the advertising, getting more new products out there and driving that. So it's -- we love the business.
James R. Craigie: Yes. Thanks, Connie. Yes, OxiClean is probably -- there are -- of all the brands we have, we have over 80, but of all the brands we have, it probably has the greatest consumer loyalty than any brand we have. People just rave about OxiClean. I told you to start with there's been nothing but gaining share in the laundry additives category, bigger than the next 4 players involved, and those next 4 players include people like P&G and Reckitt and we just keep growing it. We saw that loyalty. We actually did, 2 years ago, go into the dish-wash additive category over there. It did quite well, which proved -- that had license to expand the dish-washing, all behind the brand. The brand is an -- the incredible strength of that brand is fighting stains, which are key in these sort of 2 other categories. Obviously, fighting stains was key in laundry because we're the #1 laundry additive, and we just saw -- as we just saw -- we saw a hole. We thought that people weren't really talking about that laundry detergents. What they're all focused on other things on the side, and we just thought we're the kings of fighting stains. We thought we have the right to take that into a full-scale laundry detergent because the additives aren't used by everybody out there. So that made a logical choice to go do that. Like I'd said we tested our toes into the auto dish world 2 years ago, got great results as auto dish additive, so we went there. And the bleach, well, where we are today, the additive side, is very close cousin to the bleach. We often say on our own advertising, we're better than bleach because you don't run the risk of staining clothes if you accidentally have bleach in there with colored clothes. So that was a natural for us. So we just see this brand as our next great mega brand, and we thought, "Let's just take it all at once in these categories," and made total sense for as far as with the equity of that brand is, which is great stain fighting and just pound that home into logical extensions. We tested the depth, it made total sense. The products are terrific. Consumers love it, and we just let it loose this year.
James R. Craigie: Kevin, I really can't say much. I would just say I think you see, overall, the M&A market is heating up out there with lots of deals happening. That's generally a positive thing, because sometimes, companies buy other things, they don't want the entire portfolio, and we bought brands in the past off that. But we're always looking, always scouring, but I'll go back to what I said a few minutes ago. We're very diligent and disciplined about this. I mean, we are protectors of the shareholders' capital, and we have sets of rules we follow and we're doing -- I just promise you, we're looking everywhere and looking for the right deal. And when the time's right and everything else is right, we'll make that deal. We have plenty of firepower, even with the share buybacks. So we're in a position to have our cake and eat it too as far as buying back the shares we've done and still have the firepower to make a big acquisition.
James R. Craigie: Okay. Folks, I have an Analyst Shareholders Meeting coming up here shortly. So I want to thank you for your time this morning. I just want to leave you with a message. We're very excited. First quarter is right on track for us. We accomplished what we want to do in getting all of our great new products out there and a great distribution, and we're all set up to continue that momentum into the back 3 quarters of the year here and right on track to make our targets, so very excited. Year of innovation, think about innovation, we've got the best innovation portfolio out there, and we're putting our money behind -- where our mouth is and supporting it. So we feel very confident in making our targets. So thank you very much.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, I wouldn't want to get a bit more granular than that. I think that the combined will be up 2% approximately.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. So SG&A, so in the first quarter, you saw we were down 160 basis points year-over-year. And we called out a couple of things that happened in the quarter. One would be the Avid transition expenses. So of that 160, 40 that was attributed to those 2, so 120 for the rest. I don't think it should be any surprise to anybody. We expect SG&A to drive our op margin expansion this year. Because remember, when we started the year, what we said was that we have flat gross margin and pretty much flat marketing, right? So we'd said 45% gross margin and 12.5% marketing, with all of our op margin expansion coming from SG&A. So that is as expected, and I wouldn't use the word scurrying around, there's not a lot of scurrying around here. We have a pretty tight plan with respect to where we're going to get to that save year-over-year, so we do expect that on a full year basis. We're going to be down probably over 100 basis points. So you probably sit in there trying to figure out how you're going to get to the midpoint of the range, and you work on your model. So I'll save everybody a lot of trouble. So if you're saying, "All right, the company said, the low end of the 3% to 4% range, but -- so then you'd be anywhere. Let's pick 3% organic sales just for fun." And we'll say organic -- we said gross margin was going to be 50 to 75 basis points down, so let's say down 60. That will mean your SG&A have to be down around 150 basis points to get 50 basis points of op margin expansion on a full year basis.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, yes. So in my -- the way I'm talking you through it is, is if you had the low end of the range of 3%, and you picked the midpoint of that gross margin around 60 down; kept marketing where it was, 12.5%; and you say, "Okay, SG&A, down 110." That math gets you to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion. So -- and clearly, we have -- well on our way with respect to how the first quarter panned out.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Jason. I would take the question. What you said -- it's -- the category kind of flattened out around 8%. Procter launched their Gain version of it, called Gain flings. And so the unit dose is up to about 10%, and it's kind of flattening out there. So I think that's where we're going to see the category plateau at, and I don't care to comment about what we do in terms of new products in the future.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, we said that there's unprecedented price competition in the laundry -- our laundry category, so that's influencing the full year call.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. Just kind of remember, we -- even in the first quarter, we had a 200 basis points drag on our top line organic, because of year-over-year incremental slotting and couponing. So all of that is -- it happens in the first couple of quarters of the year. And the absence of that have been -- that you remove that boat anchor in the second half.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, Bill. The -- with respect to the gross margin, the types of things, you get all the fanfare and the headlines are new plants. We built the York plant, and we built the Victorville plant. But even aside from that, we always have programs in place to expand gross margin, because we're always dealing with inflation year-over-year. So that continues to be a hallmark of the organization. So I wouldn't say that absent building plants, that we wouldn't -- going to have continued to focus and have meaningful initiatives in place over the next 3 years, so it will help us expand gross margin.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: I don't they're not going to get any better. I think on a full year basis, I think a good estimate would be probably $6 million to $8 million improvement year-over-year.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. Your other question that was probably for the benefit of the 3,500 employees that are listening, incentive comp...
Matthew Thomas Farrell: It's a little -- you remember, we have 4 components to our incentive comp, right, sales, gross margin, EPS and cash. And as we pointed out in the release, expected a record year for free cash flow or cash from operations, I should say. So look, it's still early, Bill. So we wouldn't be making comments on that at this point.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: I think that would be very unusual for us to issue equity. As Jim said, that we have the ability to borrow a significant amount of debt and up -- over $2 billion of debt and still be able to hold on to our credit rating. And by the way, the share buyback is not being funded by debt. That's being paid completely out of -- starting the year with $500 million of cash and generating close to $300 million of cash after dividends and CapEx. So we have a great ability to lever up and maintain our BBB+ credit rating, largely because historically, what we do is we do take the leverage ratio up, we immediately direct all of our free cash flow to reduce our leverage ratio and the rating agencies are well aware of that practice, and we would follow it again in the future.
