Matthew Farrell: Okay. All right. Hey, that's a great question. We've got a lot of confidence in 2021. I'm going to dish that to Paul Wood, who is our EVP of Sales.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. Well, we have Steve on the line this morning, I want to caution Steve, that I suspect Lou Tursi is also listening in. So take it away, Steve.
Matthew Farrell: Right. And of course, the trend from pills to capsules, we expect that's going to continue, not just in '21, but in future years.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. No, it's a good question. Yes, we bought the FLAWLESS brand in 2018. It was largely a face and brow product and, frankly, a little known brand. And over the past couple of years, we've been working on, not only brand awareness, but also to build out the brand. So we'd reach far more consumers with other products. And that's the reason why we've introduced this year the mani-pedi product, the body cleanser and also the face cleanser. So we think with respect to 2021, we think FLAWLESS will be up well in excess of 20% from a sales perspective. And the three reasons for that, one, would be the new products, which we talked about during the presentation. Also, the influencers that we've also had to join the brand this year. And finally, the at-home grooming trend, we think, is still an opportunity for us.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. I'm pretty confident that Barry Bruno is very eager to take a swing at that question with respect to prospects for growth in international. So Barry, jump in.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. One thing I didn't point out was that I talked about laundry, but if you look at litter, so litter, the trend was, if you went in Q2, Q3, Q4, litter was down 800 basis points sold on deal in Q2 and Q3, Q4 down to 70. So the category was a little bit more heated up in Q4, but still down almost 300 basis points year-over-year.
Matthew Farrell: Yeah. We wouldn't get into specific brands, but we did -- we have talked about where we spent the money. We spent things on automation of non-plant processes as well as in the factories, new product tests and learns. We had some projects in IT and R&D analytics projects, some consumer research we wanted to get after. So there's pretty broad investment in the second half.
Matthew Farrell: I think we already handled that question with respect to the trend for Q2, Q3 and Q4. Now I would say we expect it to continue to be muted. Just in Q2, we do think it's going to be -- year-over-year, you're going to see a pop, but we're certainly comfortable with lower promotional levels in 2021.
Matthew Farrell: Yeah. I'll just say a couple of words. Steve and Barry have had some success moving the Oxi brand outside of the U.S. over the past couple of years. And we've had great success in a couple of markets. I'll let Barry take a swing at where we see some opportunity.
Matthew Farrell: Yeah. I think that's a perennial question that we get is because every year, the concern is that retailers are asking for more and more from the suppliers. We often say that because our power brands are number one or two in their categories, we're in a much better position to have those conversations with the retailers than if we're in either a three, four, five, or six brand. But Paul, if you have anything to add to that, just go ahead and jump in.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. Well, you heard Britta talked about the household penetration that we had in ARM & HAMMER, but I think the household penetration has been even broader than that. I think we have a very robust marketing program, both online, which is now approaching two-thirds of our spend. But I'll let Britt take a swing about why we're going to hang on to those new consumers.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And you saw we spent a fair amount of marketing in the second half to help drive that brand equity.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, hey, it's a good question. Online, for us, the history, Rupesh, so in 2015 was 1%. 2019 was 8% and 2020 was 13%. In fact, the fourth quarter, we were at 14%. Our expectation is that for 2021, that 15% of our global sales will be online. So we'll go from 13% this current year to 15% next year. So we do think that's going to remain sticky, as you say. And, you know what, if you think about some of the categories that did expand online, to be like vitamins, WATERPIK, litter, those were the big growers. But we do think it's going to stick and we think it's going to continue to expand. We think a lot of people that discovered ordering online, like we said with vitamins, is a new habit. So we don't see a fall back in 2021.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. As far as ZICAM goes, 2021 is really dependent upon the end of the year flu season. Historically, the ZICAM business has 50% of its net sales in the fourth quarter. So that's all ahead of us, Rupesh.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. Well, specialty products has historically been a cyclical business. You saw in our presentation that 2014 was an up year, 2017 was an up year and the next up year would have been 2020 if not for the pandemic. So, we think that 2021 is going to be a good year for specialty products. We have been trying to flatten that business out over time by moving into other species. It is an asset-light business. The products are branded ARM & HAMMER. And if you think about the business, one-third of the business is bulk sodium bicarbonate, which is labeled ARM & HAMMER, which is our legacy business and, frankly, is the soul of the company. The -- as far as the metrics that, that business throws off; it throws off plenty of cash in relation to the assets that we own. So, we do think this is a business we're going to own long-term. It is -- as you point out, it is a small part of the company. It's only 6% of our revenues, but it doesn't require a disproportionate amount of management's time.
Matthew Farrell: Well, one thing to keep in mind is that if you look at the percentage of our sales of Church & Dwight sales, that's international, comparison to peers, it's very low. When I joined the company, the international was 17% of our global sales. It's still 17% of our global sales today in spite of the phenomenal growth internationally. I'll have Barry give you a couple of stats, contrasting Church & Dwight with our peers and why we think we have such a great runway going forward.
Matthew Farrell: It's a good question. It is a relevant question, too, Kevin. We did lose share, and we lost 40 basis points of share in the second half. You may have heard us say on previous calls that we did have some internal issues with respect to supply. Rick has described the fact that we've been building capacity and bringing it in-house. So we expect to turn that around. But long term, we need to -- we -- our ambition is to get our fair share, and that means we would have over a double-digit percentage share of the unit dosing. And today, it's less than 4%.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. That was the last question. Just to wrap up. Everybody knows there's a lot of uncertainty in 2021. I don't have to enumerate those for you today. So consequently, we went -- we were pretty painstaking with respect to our press release and the information that we shared today, category-by-category. So we've taken a hard look at it. We feel real good about 2021, both top line and bottom line. And as I said before, we expect to continue our streak of 8%, but we did leave ourselves a little bit of room when we said 6% to 8%. And we're looking forward to seeing -- well, we won't see you, but we'll talk to some of you again at late February at CAGNY. And if not, we'll talk to everybody again in April. So thanks for joining today.
Paul Wood: Appreciate it. Thanks, Olivia, for the question. Yes. Let me start with Oxy sanitizer, right? I think, as Steve mentioned, the right product, right time, right place and definitely lends itself to the incrementality question that you're asking. So one of the strongest launches will have on the acceptance front, and so feel very good there. In terms of the other categories, great question, too, because while the headlines are supply and demand, some incredible work by the sales and the commercial team in other categories to strengthen the foundation and some great wins from shelving and placement and brand positioning on condoms, vitamins, BATISTE, laundry and laundry additives throughout the year as well. So we've been busy at work to strengthen the foundation and really excited about some of the things that have already hit market and some yet to come. So it's been a strong year on those elements, Olivia.
Paul Wood: Yeah, I think the only thing I’d add onto that would be the retailers are under tremendous pressures, right? A lot of them were going down an e-commerce journey, some further along on that than others, but they all having to play catch-up and, whether they're using third parties like Instacart and ship, it certainly pulled their labor in other places, and it's more expensive for them. At the same time, reaching the consumer through digital means and loyalty card programs, while it's effective, has added costs as well. So there's no question that retailers are under tremendous profitable pressures as they try and get back to normal as well. So those are all challenges, perennial question and perennial answer, probably just heightened a little bit more because the e-commerce and the shifts that we're going through as we speak.
Paul Wood: Yeah, it's a great question. And the frustration I think we all have is very limited data is what's being shared out maybe from the retailers and some of these third parties as they're just trying to catch up. So I think we're all triangulating on that, but yet, by and large, we're seeing a ton of buy online, pick up in store, but that's also blending with same-day delivery expectations, so that last mile piece. It's almost dividing that world into send it in the mail or what's considered old, two to five days. So seeing a heavy propensity towards that buy online pickup today, but also, like I said, that today delivery, tomorrow expectation. Certainly watching it, the pure plays are certainly blending into brick-and-mortar and the brick-and-mortar, don't have to repeat it, we all know what's going on there. But to say that it's an active conversation and very fluid with a lot of different ways of work in and expectations by the customer, different -- how your product shows up online, you can imagine and all the analytics that go along with it moving very quickly. So I'm excited about the opportunities ahead, regardless whether it's the traditional brick or the pure plays. I think there's a lot of good momentum for us, particularly Church & Dwight.
Rick Dierker: No. It's a good summary. Next question is from Joe Altobello. Well, Steve, because you need to be moving to Naples to hang out with Lou Tursi. Congrats, Steve.
Rick Dierker: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that, Bill, is probably -- hey, 17% of sales is international today, and we have a good problem, right? Our domestic business continues to grow very strong. And so that percent of sales, plus a lot of the M& A we've done has been more U.S. focused. So over time, even though we've had great growth internationally, the percentages stayed relatively stable. Next question is from Andrea. It's really about what's the backdrop for commodities and inflation and transportation for Church & Dwight in the outlook? So I'll take that one. In general, we expect commodities to be up next year. It's really first half, second half story. If we look at some of the big drivers, even in the quarter, HDPE and polypro were up close to 20% and ethylene was up 5% in the quarter. In the first half of the year, we expect those commodities to be up around 20% to 30%. But in the back half, it's pretty flat because we're experiencing that as early as Q3 of 2020. As for the transportation market, we do expect it to be at mid-single digits, but I'll flip this to Rick Spann to add any other color commentary.
Rick Dierker: Okay. Great. Kevin Grundy is up next. He has a few part question. First is, some housekeeping, some questions on investors, mine would be modest lower 6% to 8% EPS growth outlook for 2021 versus the comment on the third quarter call that you'd deliver against 8% evergreen outlook in 2021. You mentioned the tax rate being higher, but that presumably would have been anticipated a few months ago. Please comment on a more conservative outlook. And let's pause and answer that question first.
Rick Dierker: Yes. The only thing I'd add is, maybe when you look at the two-year stack, just how strong the EPS growth really is, 15% in 2020 and then 6% to 8%. So, 21% to 23% EPS growth. If you look at that versus the peers, peers are closer to 7% or 8% on a stack basis. So, just feel really good about the strength on top of strength. Okay. The second question that came ahead was really international-related. There's still the areas of biggest areas of opportunity. He imagines that executed in China is certainly one of those and emerging markets. And then comment on margin improvement, firstly, and then where you see in investing for larger, faster growth.
Rick Dierker: And I think the commentary is true. We have in Q3, Q4 of 2020, it was largely behind new products, and we're past that. And then in Q1, Q2 of next year, we're not saying it's going to be maybe at pre-pandemic levels, that normality, which is going to be above the very, very depressed level that it was in 2020.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. And some of that was really transitory, right? We always have investments, but we were just doing so well in 2020 that we fast forwarded it and made incremental investment. And that's some of the things that I just talked about.
Rick Dierker: Next question is from Steve Bowers. Do you have data on the longevity of WATERPIK use following dental recommendations? The correlation with dental office openings makes good sense, but I'm wondering about the stickiness of device use as distance in time from that initial visit and recommendation increase.
Rick Dierker: Okay. Next question from Kevin Grundy. You kind of build on that, on market share, specifically, only seven of 13 power brands gained this year in 2020 and it was a bit unique in 2020. This is due to our confidence to improve market share momentum in 2021.
Rick Dierker: Okay. We have two questions left. Next question is from Kevin Grundy on unit dose. Years ago, we always talked about getting your fair share in the category. How are share gains in pods have been hard to come by for ARM & HAMMER and P&G still is the leader with 80% share. Please provide some updated thoughts on your outlook for unit dose.
Barry Bruno: No. Matt, I'd just say we aspire certainly to beat that 6% target. But no, there's not a specific percentage of sales that we are shooting for right now.
Barry Bruno: Yes, happy to give it a shot. So, yes, clearly, emerging markets are the biggest opportunity, right? There's increasing household income. Our brands are new in a lot of these markets, specifically China, North Asia, Southeast Asia, all very exciting to us. We just opened an office in India as well to help us start to get a toehold in that important market. And our business in Latin America, even amid a lot of economic turmoil, is really, really booming. So, definitely, emerging markets are a disproportionate area of focus. In terms of margin improvement, we're working on understanding pricing opportunities better. We've got dedicated resources now looking at pricing around the globe. We're working on improving COGS by local manufacturing as opposed to exporting product. And we've got a host of other areas of improvement that will allow us to keep delivering at least that 50 bps annually that we've committed to.
Barry Bruno: Yeah. We've had great success with the brand outside of the U.S. Japan, in particular, has been a real star for us, and we're continuing to invest there. We do have other market launches planned for next year, but I'm not going to get into them specifically, so we don't tip off any competition. But yeah, there are other markets that launch into next year. The brand is strong and definitely relevant internationally.
Barry Bruno: Yes, absolutely. Thanks Matt. So, a couple of thoughts. Most of our peers have over 50% of their sales generated from international, while Church & Dwight has just 17%. So, you can see the runway there. To drill down another level deeper, in terms of emerging markets, we only get about 7% of our sales there, while the average CPG company gets about 27% of their sales from emerging markets. So, definitely a runway there. Why do we have confidence in it continuing? We're opening offices closest to where the consumers are, right? So, now we have offices in Singapore, Shanghai and Mumbai, in Panama. That's a lot more resources on the ground that are going to keep GMG growing at an accelerated rate in the future. On the subs, I want to complement them as well. So, you saw they've been growing at a 5%, 6%. Pretty significant for western developed market. So, they're doing pretty well as well. The combination of the two gets us to that evergreen target and hopefully even above that.
Britta Bomhard: Yes. We do have specific data. So we know that 20% more households bought vitamins. And we also know that 57% of people are using it now daily. So we know that those behaviors have changed and there's more households. We also know that the households currently are buying more than they used to.
Britta Bomhard: Yes. So I would cite two very distinct facts. So the first one is, you have trial and repeat. And all our brands, our repeat rates are very strong, which today indicate that consumers are happy with the product performance. So that gives us confidence. In some areas like BATISTE, we have, by far, the best repeated loyalty rates. So that's number one, just based on product performances. The second one is we also have a lot of programs where we invite people to join our communities or our e-mail lists or other areas of staying connected and we are actually using that to reach out again and make sure that they feel that brand loves continuing in 2021.
Britta Bomhard: So we don't have necessarily the statistics and such. But what we do have, and I think that's a very, very interesting data, is when people buy a WATERPIK, they can register with us. So let's assume these are the more serious users who are registering. And we've seen those rates increased more than fourfold in 2021. We also know that for some of our products where we have repeat purchases, be it Sonic Fusion, where we have the dental brushes, or for some of the others to tip, we can clearly see that those repeat rates are increasing.
Britta Bomhard: No, I think the only one I can add is, and we do brand equity measurement, so we know that we strengthened brand equities for our significant – for some of-- for the ones we measure. So a very clear indication of consumer being vetted to our brands and loving our brands.
Britta Bomhard: I know you were going to throw back at us. So that was very productive spend. As we talked about, the users, the households we won and lots of the programs we ran were exactly tapping into the current situation and emotion. So some of you might have seen, we did have some, but we people in COVID times are looking for brands to step up and do more than just sell products. We have the VITAFUSION so we had on each of our brands significant emotional connections with consumers.
Britta Bomhard: No, I think you captured it. I think the ones we are concerned is where we – where there's COVID uncertainty, right, which has to do with whether the vaccines and whether that will bring people back. But for the majority of our categories, let's remember, they are continuous household consumption categories. So people are washing their clothes, cleaning their houses, having their cats and as I mentioned, having more cats. So for the big majority, we know that we actually have stronger performance.
Britta Bomhard: No, I think you said it really well. And we've seen a couple of our brands, particularly in the last quarter or last month, actually regaining market share, which we see as the positive momentum you've mentioned.
