Richard Dierker: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everybody. We'll start with EPS. First quarter adjusted EPS was $0.96, up 12.9% from the prior year. The $0.96 was better than our $0.85 outlook, primarily driven from higher-than-expected sales growth, gross margin expansion and a lower tax rate. Reported revenue was up 5.1%, and organic sales were up 5.2%. Organic sales were driven by volume of 3.7% and positive product mix and pricing of 1.5%. 70% of our organic growth was volume driven. And as Matt mentioned earlier,  this makes 3 consecutive quarters of U.S. volume growth.  Our first quarter gross margin was 45.7%, a 220 basis point increase from a year ago, primarily due to productivity, volume, mix and pricing, net of the impact of higher manufacturing costs. Let me walk you through the Q1 bridge. Gross margin was made up of the following: positive [ 130 ] basis points impact from price volume mix and a positive [ 130 ] basis points from productivity. This was partially offset by 10 basis points from currency and 30 basis points from inflation.  Moving to marketing. Marketing was up $29.7 million year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of net sales was 10.1% or 150 basis points higher than Q1 of last year and led to share gains. For SG&A, Q1 adjusted SG&A increased 80 basis points year-over-year. Other expense all-in was $20.9 million, a $2.2 million decrease primarily due to lower outstanding debt and higher interest income. We now expect other expense for 2024 to be approximately $80 million.  For income tax, our effective rate for the quarter was 19.9% compared to 24.4% in 2023, a decrease of 450 basis points due to a high level of stock option exercise in Q1 of 2024. We continue to expect the full year rate to be approximately 23%.  And now to cash. For the first 3 months of 2024, cash from operating activities increased to $263 million, a decrease of $10.1 million with higher cash earnings, offset by higher working capital. We now expect full year cash flow from operations to be approximately $1.050 billion, up slightly from our previous $1 billion outlook.  Capital expenditures for the first 3 months were $46.3 million, a $21 million increase from the prior year as capacity expansion projects proceed as planned. We expect 2024 CapEx of approximately $180 million as we complete the major capacity investments that were initiated in 2023, and we expect capital spending to return to historical levels of 2% of sales in 2025.  And now for the full year outlook. We continue to expect the full year 2024 reported an organic sales growth to be approximately 4% to 5%. We now expect full year EPS in the range of 8% to 9% growth. This is up from our previous 7% to 9%. And is inclusive of costs related to the exit of the MEGALAC business as well as GRAPHICO transaction costs. We now expect full year gross margin to expand approximately 75 basis points, up from previous range of 50 to 75 basis points. Given our outstanding Q1 margin expansion of 220 bps, this outlook implies moderate gross margin expansion for the remainder of the year.  We continue to expect an increase in manufacturing costs to be more than offset through productivity, mix, higher volume and carryover pricing. We continue to expect marketing as a percentage of net sales to be approximately 11%.  SG&A is now expected to be flat as a percentage of net sales compared to 2023, reflecting the investments we are making in our international, e-commerce, infrastructure and costs related to the GRAPHICO acquisition Matt discussed earlier.  For Q2, we have a strong outlook and expect reported sales growth of approximately 3.5%. Organic sales growth of approximately 4%. We had a really strong April from a consumption perspective. So some might be expecting a higher organic growth outlook. Our 4% outlook reflects higher coupons and trade promotion in support of new products. We're fully lapping 2023 price increases and we're lapping a year ago distribution gains for HERO.  Moving on to the rest of the P&L. We expect moderate gross margin expansion in the quarter in Q2 as we have less of an impact from carryover pricing. Increased marketing spending to support our innovation pipeline, higher SG&A expense and a significantly higher tax rate of 24% compared to the prior year of 17.9%, which benefited from a high level of stock option exercises. This represents a roughly $0.07 drag on EPS. As a result, we expect adjusted EPS of $0.83 per share, down 10% versus last year adjusted Q2 EPS.  And with that, Matt and I would be happy to take any questions. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. You're right. April was around 6.5%  consumption growth, really, really strong. And we said 3 things really driving a lower organic outlook of around 4%, which is probably in the grand scheme, HERO, lapping year ago distribution gains as we went national for HERO. It was probably the biggest one.  And then number two, not getting any contribution from pricing, we've fully lapped 2023 pricing actions by -- as we enter into Q2. And then the third one would be higher coupons for -- and trade for supporting our new products because this is one of our best years of innovation. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. I think Matt's comment was spot on in his prepared remarks. Usually, after Q1, we don't touch the outlook. Gross margin was so strong in Q1, we felt like we had to reflect that. And as a result, earnings was very strong as well.  So that's why we adjusted it. And 4 to 5, I think it's a great guide. I know we said 4.5 pretty much throughout the year. So I would expect us to talk more about the outlook in July. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. I mean consumption for WATERPIK is high -- up high single digit, low double digits. So consumption is great. We had to work through some inventory that was higher than I guess, at retail, and that's been worked through now. So we feel like it's in a good spot as we move forward. 
Richard Dierker: Andrea, it's Rick. I'll give you a couple of comments, and if Matt wants to add. So first of all, for the Q2 call, I went through a little bit of the details. But really, it's  new product couponing and trade promotion is kind of a little bit of a step down or step up in Q2, so that's impacting net sales.  We had year ago HERO gains as we went national, that's what I said before. And then we're lapping some of the price increases, right? Almost all of our volume -- all of our organic growth from here forward is almost 100% volume driven. Okay? So we had 70% in Q1, but as we move forward, it's closer to 100%.  And then as for litter, Matt went to the amounts sold on deal, it has ticked up a little bit. Private label is up a little bit more, spending is up a little bit, but by and by our shares are strong in litter. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nick. For marketing, we were up 150 basis points in Q1. We expect to be up in Q2. And then Q3 and Q4, but Q3 up probably, and then Q4 down. And why is that? We spent a lot of marketing in Q4 a year ago. We wanted to move and shift part of that to the front half as we supported our new product. So we did that in a meaningful way. Feel really good about that.  On an absolute basis, marketing in Q4 would still be a high number. So we feel like we're supporting, the brand is great. To the extent that we overdeliver and have the momentum. We typically look to reinvest in marketing because it drive share. It drives organic growth, and it's a virtual cycle.  On inflation, I would say for us, it's largely unchanged. Inflation expectations aren't moving much at all. Ethylene is down a little bit HDPE is up a little bit. But net-net, we're right where we were when we talked 3 months ago.  So we don't have -- if there's a theoretical question, if there's inflation, what do we do? I would tell you, our productivity program is very strong right now, and we think that's going to be evergreen as well. 
Richard Dierker: Thanks, Peter. In Q1, it was 70% volume and 30% price. And I just made the comment that on a go-forward basis, Q2, Q3, Q4 they'll likely be closer to 100% volume and minimal price, if anything.  And if you rewind the clock, pre-COVID, you go back 10 years ago, and that was our track record, 100% volume-driven growth. And actually, sometimes in the past, it was maybe 110% volume-driven growth and a little bit more trade as we went national for some of our brands.  So that's the expectation as we look forward. And so for the full year, I probably wouldn't change the outlook we gave you on the mix. 
Richard Dierker: No. Look, we think the -- not much changed from our original outlook. And we beat the quarter on organic sales growth and despite some of these things that were dragging us down. It's just early in the year to call any incremental upside, and we typically don't do that. So let's see how consumption goes, and we continue to do well on a share perspective. And I think we're very optimistic about the year and the top line. 
Richard Dierker: Bonnie, it's Rick. I just want to be really, really clear. In Q4 of last year, we didn't repeat some bad promotions. And that carried over a little bit into January, and then we were pretty [ palms up ] about that.  We have a great balance between what we think the right trade spending is and the right growth. And we're just getting back to what we would say was normal before we kind of called some of those bad promotions. So it's not like we're hiking up trade spend to the above category levels or anything like that. We are just pumping it back from an artificial low. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. The second thing that's helping international is a couple of these new brands, HERO and THERABREATH. And typically, it takes us 2 to 3 years to get new brands, new acquisitions out internationally, and we're doing it rapidly, and there's been a great response to many countries and many distributors for those brands. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. That's really more on your second question, it's more of your second explanation. It's incremental couponing to support higher and more new products is the short story. On the -- on your first question on amount of promotion and really trade spend. I think it's -- same that we told Bonnie. It's -- the forward look for promotion for laundry is always dependent upon how category growth is doing. And if category growth is stable, then normally, promotion stays in line. And right now, category growth is great. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. No problem, Lauren, this is Rick. That isn't really in our thinking as we move forward. The 2 things that are driving gross margin to maybe not grow as fast would be less carryover pricing, and I know what I talked about from the organic revenue side, too. So we're fully through all the carryover pricing. And then number two, we talked about it during our Analyst Day in January, we're adding more fixed cost to the system for capacity reasons, like new distribution centers, those are coming online as we move through the year. So those are the 2 things. 
Richard Dierker: Yes, I got it. No. It's interesting. I know we all have similar databases. Our -- internally, our shipment number, of course, is [ organic sales ] is 4.3%. And then IRI, our number is around 6%. So our gap is closer to 1.5%. Part of that is the couponing. Part of that is the water pit consumption that we've talked about working through retail inventory. And yes, I mean, those are the 2 biggest pieces. 
Richard Dierker: Yes. That's a good question. I think it was really the 2 things. It was -- mix was a little bit more helpful and volume was helpful. I mean price came in as expected. Manufacturing costs came in as expected, productivity was in line. So it was really higher volumes, which help with throughput and efficiencies and then a little bit favorable mix. 
Richard Dierker: And I would probably say in all channels, we are growing and have positive growth even in channels that are declining because of some maybe macro or secular trends. So that bodes well for this brand. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, if you look at the category, Q4 and Q1 just round numbers are both down 5%, down 5%, down 5%. And normally, you would expect New Year's resolutions and people wanting to get healthy, that would be a boost to the category. We didn't see it in Q1. So it was 2 things. It still is probably the tail from post COVID.  But also, you could also argue that for many people, it's discretionary. So the third thing though is that people moving from gummies to other forms, and that is powders and also things like chewables. And we're launching a chewable this year. So we could see some of that shift to other forms. But I would say those are the dynamics that we're looking at.  Now as far as our performance, yes, we've had double-digit decline in Q4 and Q1. So obviously, not happy about that. Takes a while to turn that around. You probably are starting to see new packaging in in-store. Not only new packaging but higher marketing spend as well.  We are seeing signs of retailer support with respect to shelf placement and facings pre and post resets. So we hope that this is the year we're going to stabilize. We're really hoping that in the second half of this year that this business will inflect and start to grow. But we've been down Q4 and Q1, as I said. 
Matthew Farrell: Okay. A multi-parter. Well let's pick WATERPIK first. I'll make a few comments about that, and Rick can build on that, and we'll come back to what we're expecting for the U.S. . As far as WATERPIK goes, yes, it was down in the first quarter, but we still expect on a full year basis, this business to be up and to hit its plan. So I wouldn't be completely alarmed about the WATERPIK activity in Q1. The fact that the flosser consumption is healthy, is real positive for us. That's a really strong way to start the year. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And as far as our expectations for the year, we called the 4% to 5% organic growth for the year. And we expect just ballpark, about 2% of that driven from new product launches, which is a big number. And -- but if you kind of roll through, we've got Deep Clean launching in laundry. And ARM & HAMMER, we're going national with -- ARM & HAMMER Litter, we're going national hwith HardBall. Those are our 2 big businesses on the household side of the house. And then when you get into personal care, THERABREATH, launching with the -- antiseptic being 30% of the category, that's gigantic. So we're only just getting started there.  And the BATISTE, I mentioned, we're the #1 dry shampoo in the world. You got BATISTE Touch, BATISTE Sweat. If you're getting really high ratings and early days of velocities for virtually everything that we've launched are meeting or exceeding expectations. So that would suggest we feel good about at least after 1 quarter, that we're going to hit that 2% number for organic sales growth in 2024. And that will probably be one of our biggest years ever for as contribution of organic sales from new products. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And as far as you mentioned, supply difficulties of other competitors. Yes, sure. Obviously, we and other brands in the category can benefit and have benefited from that difficulty. And when you have a repeat purchases over and over again. Oftentimes, so changes stick.  So naturally, that's our expectation that, yes, we're going to hang on to some of those new consumers that moved our way, but some will be tempted back by promotions. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And just to add to that, Nick, as you know, we got a portfolio value brand. So to the extent that interest rates stay where they are, we have some defense against that. We have found that HERO and THERABREATH are really high [ ranks ], but we've really been unaffected by any decline in consumer sentiment over the past few quarters. So they seem to be somewhat resilient, and those are some of our bigger growers right now. So we still think we're pretty well positioned at least for the remainder of 2024. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, look, the predominant portion of our portfolio that is valued is laundry and litter. And in laundry, we have -- obviously, we have ARM & HAMMER, but we also have XTRA, an XTRA group in the first quarter, it was in my prepared remarks. So we feel real good about that. And that may be an indication of more pressure on the consumer when you see the deep value brand growing.  And then over in litter, yes, we have both a high-priced litter, meaning premium litters, we call it the black box. And we have the orange box, which is value. So we keep people in the category. So-- people may trade down, but they'll trade down within ARM & HAMMER, which actually supports our top line. So like I said before, we have some good dynamics in those 2 big categories that we think are going to help us for the remainder of the year. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Our practice generally is we're generally below the category average and liquid laundry from a sold on deal perspective. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I think one of the things to point to in international and you're right that all 6 subsidiaries grew as well as the GMG. So clearly ran the table. But what we're seeing the benefit of is that we're being very selective about what brands we're going to support and what retailers we want to grow with.  And we're leveraging revenue growth management far more than we had historically. And that's true in the last [ 18 ] months, and it's really showing up in the first quarter. In the past, you may have heard us talk about Global Markets Group, it's grown 15% annually for a lot of years as well. And they -- there was a Global Markets Group that generally would be driving the international number. Well, that's not true in Q1.  Q1, it's subsidiaries that are driving it. And it's for those 3 reasons that I gave being selective with respect to brand, with respect to retailer, and using all the tools of revenue growth management. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. We think that will build throughout the rest of the year. But that's a nice tailwind on top of what I said in my earlier remarks. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, if you go back a few years, the way we got established in Germany was, we had a very small distributor that had introduced BATISTE into Germany. And that while, that being the basis for starting a very small subsidiary in Germany, which has grown over time. This one is different in that, GRAPHICO is a public company in Japan, obviously, a micro cap.  But they have been working with OXICLEAN for 25 years, even before that Church & Dwight bought the business back in 2008. And they have a very capable team that's driven the brand to be number one, prewash, additive, and powder and Japan. And so we benefit them from getting just [ buying ] a critical mass of talent in Japan and now we can introduce our other products into Japan.  Keep in mind is when you're -- oftentimes, we have multiple distributors in a country because some distributors are households, some are personal care, they're experts in different areas. And this enables us to concentrate our brands through one subsidiary.  Will there be other distributors in Japan? Yes, there could be a couple of others, but this is one where we can have a base of operation. We should have a -- this should be a really big business for us given the size of the economy and the population of Japan, but also its a really nice beachhead for us in Southeast Asia from which to grow. So we're really enthusiastic about it. We've got a great team that we're -- that's coming on board as a result of this acquisition. 
Matthew Farrell: Well, look, you know we're always on a hunt. Its the highest and best use of cash for the company, where we have a disproportionate amount of our cash that goes towards acquisitions. And there's always something for sale, but that's about as far as I can go right now. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes, one thing to keep in mind, [ Bonnie ], is -- all its price increases that went through the last couple of years, they were really unusual for all CPG and food companies. So yes, that does obviously make it more expensive for the product, but didn't necessarily expand gross margins for people. So yes, I don't -- like Rick said, we have to react to what's going on in the category. So you can't really predict or we're certainly not going to telegraph what we might be -- our plans might be for the remainder of the year. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Okay. When you think about THERABREATH and HERO, THERABREATH, we bought that business in 2021. And HERO in 2022. So for THERABREATH, resets this year, we're getting more doors. But I would expect that the distribution gains from a number of doors perspective is going to plateau for THERABREATH this year, and that we're going to be getting -- the way to look for distribution gains in the future are going to be more facings.  And we are seeing that already from some existing retailers where we already have good distribution, but maybe not the amount of facings -- we deserve. And then innovation, which will, so I think more facings and innovation are going to drive future growth for THERABREATH once we plateau with respect to the number of doors. For HERO, since we've owned that a little bit less a year less than THERABREATH, there's still some distribution gains to come with some decent-sized retailers. But we expect this the same thing to happen. But with respect to HERO, what we'll be starting to do is start to move from just patches and acne into adjacent consumer needs, such as skin care, pre and post acne. And you mentioned international. So international is an area where we're running to launch HERO and THERABREATH. HERO, we're planning on launching in 40 countries in 2024, and that will happen throughout the year.  And then, of course, the sales growth will start to build in future years. But I think the other thing that's probably worth pointing out is that both HERO and THERABREATH are high rank products. And so if you're a retailer, you really like a high rank product which is a growing brand. And consequently, you do want to give that brand more facings and listen to innovation. So we think the dynamics for each of those brands are going to bode well for growth not only in 2024, but in 2025. 
Matthew Farrell: Look, the volumes for this business continue to grow. So it's not a price-driven business. And the awareness in household penetration is still ahead of us for this brand. You may remember that when the -- back in -- before patches hit the scene, it was really ointments and lotions et cetera, that people were using to address acne.  It's patches now that are driving the category. And our ability to grow is going to be going into adjacencies. 
