Matthew Farrell: Yes. We'll do it the elasticities first. And elasticities have been surprisingly good over the past year. So -- and I think you probably heard that from all of our CPG competitors. The first part of your question was…
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, I'll just start off, and he's going to have a little bit of chance to think of a better answer, but my answer would be the following: we already have pricing in place that's going to be in the marketplace in February and March, but it was sold in already. So we don't have anything ahead of us with respect to, hey, we got pricing planned in the second half or in the fourth quarter because it's going to be -- it's becoming exceedingly more difficult in order to push price through and get away.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. That's a good question. I'll let Barry and Paul comment as well. But the vitamin business in January, it's a vitamin category in January was down 10% year-over-year. And the reason for that is because if you went back to last year, you had Omicron and Delta, and you had a huge spike. In fact, the first quarter last year, you may remember from the slides, we had only 70% fill rate because we just couldn't staff our plants. So that's an issue for the category right now.  As far as our issues go, yes, we've had some self-inflicted wounds over the year. Our supply has started to come back as well. Now we have to win back the consumer. But I'll dish it over to Barry first and then Paul, if you want to add that.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, we had a really strong quarter -- new acquisition HERO. It actually exceeded expectations. I think this consumer is driving that. And we also had the opportunity to spend more in marketing in the fourth quarter for Hero after we bought the business that came in, in October. But yes, as far as 2023, I would say, yes, it's a little stronger than we expected when we first bought it. So that's going to help us. And you can see our range -- the gap between reported, which is on average 6% and 3%, which is organic. Most of that is the payroll business.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, I'm sure you know the way it works is in order to raise price, you have to have a cost story. And without the cost story, you don't get the price. And the retailers have all the data about what's going on in the marketplace with respect to commodities, transportation, et cetera. So it's -- it is a negotiation about, hey, this is what we're seeing on the cost side. We need this price increase and then there's a debate. -- and Paul lives this every day. You can give Paul the mic and he can share it a little bit with you. But yes, that is it around the world with all the retailers is. You can only go as far as you can justify with cost.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I'll let Barry comment on the marketing. With respect to acquisitions, we only hire one person in our entire acquisition, M&A department, which is very church and Dwight like. So we're not have a dozen people that are studying categories saying, wouldn't it be wonderful to be in this category. Yes, it might be, but you can only buy what's for sale. So anything that's for sale, particularly in the U.S., that's consumer products, we are aware of and you know what our acquisition criteria is as well.  And we've -- even in the last six months, there's three acquisitions that we diligence that we passed on, had good economics, but they just didn't -- we didn't think they had good long-term potential for the company. But because we're able to make so many different products, we're in so many different categories, we can liquid in a bottle. We can put powder in a box. We put anything in a tube. We know how to make lots of things. So consequently, we can throw a pretty wide net as far as things that we might be able to take on as a company. But I'll dish it over to, Barry.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Okay. Well, Barry and Paul will deal with this every day. But I can tell you, in the fourth quarter, we had a major e-retailer significantly reduced their inventories and their days of supply. So that was a hit with respect to the fourth quarter. We did see a lot of that pullback happen midyear in 2022, but more recently, it was more retailers, but I'll let Paul and Barry comment on that. Take it away.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Let me give you some help with sold on deal for the categories that generally have lots of promotion. And then Rick or Barry or Paul can chime in. So if you look at the liquid laundry detergent, okay, Q2 versus Q4 you'd see that the sold under was 31% in Q2. It's 33% in Q4 for liquid laundry detergent.  If you look at unit dose, it was 28% sold on deal in Q2, and it's 33% in Q4. So it's 500 basis points move. And then the other category that's a lot of promotion is litter. So litter was 11.5% sold on deal in Q2, and it's 14% in in Q4. So you've seen a move up. Now historically, liquid laundry detergent is kind of mid-30s sold on deal. Litter, however, is still low. It's typically high teens.  So things have heated up a little bit in the last couple of quarters, but it hasn't gone to the point where it's a rocket ship or it's a big spike. It's sort of gradual. And as we look ahead to 2023. I would say our sold on deal were probably similar to what we did in Q4 evenly throughout the year. So if anybody wants to chime in, you can.
Matthew Farrell: Yes, I'll start, and I'll dish it to Rick. So as far as the fourth quarter goes, certainly, mix had an impact as we talked about earlier with respect to WATERPIK and vitamins and flows year-over-year -- promotions, which we went through also since that's kind of been heating up Q2, 3, 4. It's gradual, but it still had an impact in the fourth quarter. But I would say the two factors would be mix, number one and number two was heat up and sold on deal as far as the trend with respect to price mix.
Matthew Farrell: And so we're not timid about raising prices, as you know Steve, as you just heard the what the history was with respect to when we've raised price. But we also have to be cognizant of what's going on in the category, the category dynamics and our price gaps with our competition. So I think -- I mean you and John are beaten on the same topic, but we've taken it as we think as far as we can at the moment with that because we do need cost justification to go few further. Okay. Andre.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Just some math. I think the -- our gross margin just a few years back, pre-COVID, 45%. It's 41.9% in 2022 recalling 100, 120 basis points improvement. So pick the midpoint, so you go 41.9%, 43% in 2023. And then I used to dish it over to Rick Spann for a minute. By the way, Matt Duffy is here today. He's one of the on people that drives are good to great program, and we target 2% of sales for cost savings annual. It's $100 million. That's a big number. It's a huge effort to make that happen, but that's what it works referring to week we're able to sustain that going forward. And any kind of help from commodities and input costs, we'll be able to return to expand gross margin in the future. But Rick, anything to add about the target-rich environment. You've all seen Top Gun.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. As far as call-outs, I neglected to point out that our entire M&A department is actually here on the stage. So if you want to talk to him after Class, please do. All right. Any other questions, no, I guess that concludes it today. I was so happy we were able to do this in person this year and look forward to seeing everybody next year. Thank you.
Richard Dierker: That was a great answer. The organic outlook for us is 3%. It's price in 2023 and volumes were flattish. We had that in the release, and that's really because we had carryover price from 2022. And then there's additional pricing that's already been sold in, like you said, it's effective in February. So that's really the preponderance of the 3% organic growth next year.
Richard Dierker: In 2022, remember, those three businesses were about a 4% headwind to organic growth. In the quarter, they were as well, right? We had 0.4% organic, but we would have been at 4.5%, if not for those businesses. And we said for the full year, that's going to true as well, 4% headwind. Just the absence of that headwind, they're flattish to slightly positive next year.
Richard Dierker: Do you want me to handle that? To give you something. Gross margin is like we said, stairs up through the year. Part of that is the mix headwind in the front part of the year that we just experienced in the back half of this year because of the discretionary businesses like WATERPIK, Vitamins typically have good gross margins.  Other part of it is as our fill rates recover, right? I think you saw a slide that Barry had up there showing 93% fill rates in the first half, 97% fill rates in the back half. So as you have fewer truckloads as you have fewer fines from retailers, all those things up gross margin as your supply improves. SG&A, we haven't really got into the quarterly SG&A. SG&A is higher in Q1, and part of that we put in the release was just timing of equity grants as well.
Richard Dierker: And just to give you a couple of numbers. We will end the year for HERO in 2022, around $180 million, we said when we bought it, it would be a 15% grower in 2023. You roll that forward and that means it's about 3%, and you're going to take the Q4 of 2022 out of the comp, but it's about a 3% tailwind for 2023.
Richard Dierker: Well, we're investing more marketing and I'll let Barry talk to it a little bit, but we are -- as we expand distribution, we're going to spend more marketing for national campaigns, right? So it is a virtuous cycle for HERO.
Richard Dierker: I would also say year-over-year, yes, it's a drag because we're lapping a period where we didn't really have as much promotion. Fill levels were low. And so now as we get back to normal levels of promotion, is it a year-over- year drag, yes. Is it offset is off base from what our historical levels have been now.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And as for 2023, if you look at the components in the gross margin bridge, they're all switched together. But I'll tell you, by the end of 2023, we do think that we've priced the dollars on inflation, okay? What you're seeing there is negative mix, again from the first half of the year on the flawless WATERPIK vitamin businesses. We talked last quarter as an example of -- in WATERPIK units were flattish to down slightly, but everyone was trading down to lower-priced units. That's where it shows up on the gross margin bridge is a headwind.  But overall, we feel really good about our pricing and what we've done. And if you remember, rewind the clock a little bit. We were the first to go out with laundry pricing. We're not a leader in that category. We were the first to go out in litter pricing because we knew it wasn't if, but just when. And so we had the call story. We had the justification and we moved. And so we feel really good about our pricing. It's a core competency in the company now.  I would say about seven years ago, we started a pricing department, and we have people that all they do every day just look at pricing and where we should be and what we should do. And so we have all these plans in place, and we've had a successful selling at retail because we have transparency, and we have the facts to back it up.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I would say it's more of the same what we just experienced in Q4. All right? The 80% of the business is doing well. Volumes are up, and it's really the drag from those other businesses that we said were going to be choppy for the first six months of 2023.
Richard Dierker: Yes. That's a great question. Number 1 priority in the company is always to grow our brands, right, have brands consumers love, grow share over time in good categories. The number two priority is probably gross margin. Gross margin expansion leads to EBITDA expansion leads to cash flow, right? We're known for cash flow generation.  And I would say, two things really help give us confidence over the next few years. If you look back at our history, we normally have about $50 million of inflation. We haven't had $50 million inflation, it feels like for a decade. It's only been three to four years, but it feels like so long. $290 million of inflation in 2021, $250 million in 2022. We're calling $125 million in 2023.  That is not normal, right? We're going to return to the days of normalized inflation. And meanwhile, our productivity program is alive and well, even stronger than it's ever been. So as that -- you saw in the bridge, I think that was closer to 100 plus basis points. We target closer to 2% on productivity. So if that equation normalizes, I think that's a great way we're going to have gross margin expansion. And then number two, as our businesses like THERABREATH and like HERO continue to grow and expand globally, that's going to be a great tailwind too.
Barry Bruno: Yes, Lauren. I think we see the category as struggling as we're comping Omicron, and it's a discretionary category. When you're making a decision about $15, $20 vitamins. And as you saw in my campaign or regular grocery bills up $400 consumers are stepping back from the category. So good news, our supply rates are improving. Category is declining slightly. We're waiting to see what happens now as we get past the Omicron comp, how it looks. But we're going to be in a position to meet consumer demand as we get into the back half of Q1 here. 
Barry Bruno: Yes. What we said in the release is we had three categories that really hurt us last year through brands, where it's got WATERPIK flows and vitamins. And we said three of those together, we expected modest growth in the aggregate in 2020, but it's not going to be pulling the train -- businesses.
Barry Bruno: That we've never had a national campaign before because they weren't in national distribution, right? And like seem obvious. But we're getting excited about launching the first campaign to tell people all about acne patches because they still don't even realize what they are in many cases, household penetration versus total acne care lags by 10 times, 20 times, so that form we're going to educate about as the category leader, we benefit from that. So that's all new as we're building distribution at the same time. So I think it's a pretty exciting hero story. We've kept the whole Hero team with us, by the way. They're a great strong team, and they're leading that business today. So excited about here going forward.
Barry Bruno: Sure. Yes, we've got a lot of brands in our portfolio. We've got a classic brand classification approach we take, and it won't surprise you their seed and there's grow and they're sustaining milk, 80% of the incremental dollars that we're putting in is going against those seed and grow brands. It won't surprise you if I say a seed brand as a hero is a thorough breadth we're reporting kind of gasoline or maybe see is better to say putting water on them, maybe gasoline is a bad example. But that's where the spend is going.  We make hard choices about it. We'd always like to spend more, but those -- in our brand classification, we know where we want to put those dollars and that's how we allocate it. So I won't get into those specific brands here, but that's how we approach it. When you've got 14 power brands, you're going to make hard choices, but we know where to put those dollars to work. We think HERO is certainly one of them.
Barry Bruno: But supply allows us to get back to advertising and trade that are at normative levels, I would say, right? We're not wildly off where we've been historically, but that allowed us to in Q4 get back to normative levels.
Paul Wood: Yes. I'd simplify it as transparency, the retailers expect you to be transparent with them to that cost story that he said. I think we've been extremely successful in being transparent. That develops a trust. So when we do come in and share a transparent story and timing is important, too. Retailers have financial demands and controls and different things. And I think we've been very good at being showing them where the world is moving, where we expect -- so we have these conversations. They're not surprises. So trust transparency and timing, I would say, has been our secret sauce. And while it may seem a cliche and everyone should do it. I think that's what's allowed us to experience the elasticities we have and make the choices we have as well.
Paul Wood: Yes. By and large, we're back to a ship to consumption model. I'd say the retailers -- some may have their other challenges within their own network. They want to ship more product, but they may have constraints at their DCs or getting it out of their own DCs to their stores. But by and large, it's a ship to consumption. You guys or in stores across the country, you see what I see. We need more inventory on the shelves. It's just a matter of catching up. But I do not feel like what Matt described last year, is anywhere or the other side of that book shelf. And we want to get back -- they want to get back at just getting that product through their warehouse and through their network, but very small.
Paul Wood: Yes, I was going to answer if you had funded to be first. I would say the syndicated piece does matter, right? A lot of the personal care brands and what those retailers are, what you can see versus what we see. And it's not an excuse, that's just kind of where the business is and some of those just tracked the way that you guys are seeing it in the system. So I think Rick hit it.
