Matthew Farrell: Okay. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome. My name is Matt Farrell. I'm the CFO of Church & Dwight.  And before we begin, this conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-looking Statements. We will discuss organic sales growth, including -- pardon me, excluding foreign exchange effective tax rate, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact of the onetime items described in today's press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.churchdwight.com. Now let me turn the podium over to Jim Craigie for his opening remarks. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes, Bill, as far as the 50% long-term target, that's still in the cards for us. And there's lots of ways to get there. Obviously, organic is a piece, but acquisitions is also an important piece. I would say for the last 2 years, we've had a detour on that, but that's largely because, if you look at the schedules of the release, that household really has been growing tremendously, double-digit growth in 2011. And if you look at how 2012 is starting out, it's only the first quarter. First quarter is starting to look like a replay of Q4 2011. So again, so we have a little bit of a detour with respect to the gross margin, but not with respect to profits. 
Matthew Farrell: Right. So we don't have an infatuation with just the gross margin percentage. As Jim said, it's one of -- it's very important to the company. We have 4 metrics, it's 1 of the 4. We got a donut on that one this past year, so it's very motivating for next year. So I think it is the secret sauce for the company, and it's probably not going to go away. As far as gross margin goes for next year, many of you know we entered 2011 with almost 50% of our most volatile commodities hedged. Going into 2012, we have almost 60% hedged. Now the hedges that we had in place going into '11 actually provided us a fair amount of benefit to gross margin this past year. Now remember they roll off. So obviously, we are going to have little bit of a bigger hurdle year-over-year '11 going to '12 in covering commodity cost. So that is baked in to our numbers of 20 to 25 to 50 basis points up. The other thing, too, is PODs. PODs are being made outhouse right now, a third party co-packer. So until we get them in-house that's going to be a bit of a drag for us as well on margins on the first half of the year. But mix is really is the wildcard for 2012. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes. So if you go back to the slide that we had. 1%, 3%, 5% and 7% is organic. So we're going to have an easy comp in the first quarter. So you're right, organic is going to be skewed towards the first half of the year versus the second half, and gross margins is -- given how we're starting out, Q1 looks like Q4. So we expect to be down in the first quarter in gross margin year-over-year. As far as how the EPS works for the year, this past year, we were slightly skewed to the first half of the year. It was 52%, 48%. And for 2012, it looks more like 49% 51%, if that helps you. 
Matthew Farrell: So I don't know if everybody is aware of this, but we have our California plant that's going to be coming online midyear. We're going to turn it on around March, April, but it won't really ramp up full board until, say, at late June or early July. This plant is 1/3 the size of our plant in York, Pennsylvania, so consequently not nearly the same contribution that you would have from a plant the size of York. And we do have charges this year with respect to severance and write-off of assets because we're moving operations for cat litter from Green River, Wyoming out to Victorville. As far as commodities, your question is 25 to 50 basis points is aggressive for 2012. Well, number one, you wouldn't be aware of what hedges we have in place; number two, our Good to Great program is something that's alive and well. And that is, if you look at these slides we've put up for each of the last few years and you look at commodities and you see savings, savings comes from the efforts that are in the plants largely to reduce our cost per unit, and we have a lot of efforts going on right now in our personal care plants in Lakewood and also, in Folkestone in the U.K. 
Matthew Farrell: And Alice, just a follow-up to your question, because somebody's probably going to ask this, is we had the SAP implementation on January 1. So consequently, there were some sales -- customers ordered early in anticipation of Jan 1, just to make sure they were protected. That would create additional sales and profits in the fourth quarter, which we spent back in marketing. So it didn't help our EPS in Q4, but it is out of Q1. So it's probably a couple of cents. It's one reason why we would say we're probably going to be $0.01 to $0.02 below consensus for Q1. 
Matthew Farrell: Nice try, Bill. We're not going to go into that kind of detail. I mean, mostly we're walking around numbers, you'd say, that household are going to be lower than personal care. So it's probably 20 basis points -- actually 20%, 2,000 basis point difference between average personal care and average household. 
Matthew Farrell: I think, Bill, it's largely recession. I really just think the personal care products -- actually, the ones that are, I hate to say, more necessary in life. The toothpaste categories have been relatively strong, and it's been positive. Other categories, I think, people are just using less or not using at all, and it's more discretionary. I mean, you got to wash your clothes, your cat needs cat litter, you need cleaning products for the house. But I hate to say it, you don't have to use as much underarm deodorant or you kind of chintz on some of the personal care stuff, and they're expensive. So I think people just cut back in this recessionary time. So I think it's just largely a recession impact. We're seeing that across the board of most of our competitors in that. So I think it's recession. 
Matthew Farrell: Something else that might be useful, when you think about the 9% to 10% call for 2012, is that, there's a 2% drag. Say, 1% or a little more than 1% is FX year-over-year. And the other is our JVs. So you may remember we had a press release we put out that were getting into air pollution game. We have a 3-way joint venture with TATA and FMC. So if you look on our JV line, that's a drag as well. So that 9% to 10% has got a couple of other things netted in there. So we think it's pretty strong call. 
Matthew Farrell: Yes, just so everybody's aware, we have a $300 million authorization with no endpoint. We bought back $80 million of shares late in 2011, and what I said earlier was that we would buy a minimum of $80 million in 2012 and to get the benefit of that, obviously, we need to be front-end loaded. And yes, we would go above that in 2012. I don't expect we would expect our authorization level, though, in 2012. 
Matthew Farrell: Something to keep in mind there is that that's only one criteria is that accretive to EPS. That wouldn't be too high on the list, accretive to free cash flow would be higher. And also, internal rate of return is a big metric for us. So typically we are looking for 12% internal rate of return on anything, certainly any large deal we would do. 
Matthew Farrell: One thing about -- I've been through an SAP implementation in another life. And in the other life, we had did not have good discipline around working capital. We have mountains of it and not a little visibility to it. So if you look at the financial statements for Church & Dwight, it's pretty apparent that when you have cash conversion cycle under 30 days, there's going to be a whole lot that you're going to be pulling out of balance sheet to fund it. The second thing is our SG&A. I mean, our SG&A in comparison to virtually all our peers, save one,  is the lowest in the industry. So we have -- running the year with 3,500 employees. We're ending the previous year, 2010, with 3,600. If you go back a few more years, it was 3,800. So I trended down on people. So you probably heard Jim before talk about sales per employee, profits per employees, et cetera. So we're very lean. What SAP does for us is it's going to be good for our supply chain folks. They're going to have more access to data more quickly, and the whole goal here is to be able to continue to grow the top line without growing the employee base, frankly. So we'll be able to continue doing what we've been doing for a number of years to come because that's how we think about it. 
Matthew Farrell: I'd like to save Maureen 100 calls, so our effective tax rate for 2012? So we came in at, I guess, 34.8% for 2011. If you went back to 2010, we were 35.3%. So 35% for 2012, if you're working on models. And SG&A, is also expecting more leverage in SG&A. So we came in at 13.4% this past year. So it's going to be down 20 to 30 basis points in 2012. 
James Craigie: You're right, gross margin is going to be our toughest thing to turn around because it's a turnaround for us in the last 2 years. I would tell you two different terms -- in terms of all the projects we have going on, we have 2 relatively new things in this industry we're doing. One, we're combining our purchasing power with noncompeting companies across various commodities. Where we feel we've done a great job of maxing our purchasing power based on $2.7 billion of revenues. We're talking to other companies on common ingredients and trying to boost purchasing power, and that's off to a good start. It takes some time to put those kind of agreements together, but we're doing that. Secondly, we're continuing a project we call project simplification, which is ripping apart all of our various businesses into how many SKUs, how many pack sizes, how many formulas, how many different ingredients in that, and trying to simplify that to save money across different categories. So it's a tough one, but we are committed. We have the projects, and the organization is committed. As Matt said earlier, it's 25% of our bonuses. We got a goose egg on that one on this past year as far as bonus payout. So I got a very motivated organization to take all those efforts of cost savings, project simplification, combining purchasing power and everything to get the gross margin growing again. We must make that happen for our future success. And I think we have the right amount of programs and focus on the company to go do it. 
James Craigie: I would just say the category has been relatively stabilized and our terms in terms of promotion spending in that. Actually, we saw a little less spending on our part in Q4 on trade spending and that. But it's -- you know the history of this one. There was kind of a price war kicked off by Procter in 2010. They were a winner that year. We were a winner that year also, in terms of share growth. But the guys who lost, guys like Henkel or Purex came back with a vengeance in 2011 and continued the war. That was even more pertinent to us because they're value competitors. And we had to be competitive with them in our price gaps. So we had another great year. They came back a little bit, and guys like Procter lost some. So laundry detergent is one of the most aggressive categories in terms of straight spending, so you've got to keep your price gaps. You've got to be up there with your merchandising. My team does an awesome job with that as far as managing price points, pack sizes everything else like that. And we have a good -- great pipeline of new products, so we expected that category to stay aggressive. We'll see what POD does. I think it's a very fascinating product. All the competitors have it now. You'll be seeing it hitting the shelves. We were out there first. Everybody else will have their products out there, I think, in the next 30 to 60 days. We'll see how the retailers set it. Do they put them all together? Do they break them up by brands? We'll see whether it's co-merchandised, or separately merchandised. You'll see the incentives of all the manufacturer offerings. It's going to be quite an interesting game in 2012. And again, it's a higher-margin product, long term, for everybody. So if it wins, it wins. But it's also kind of interesting in launching the highest-priced laundry detergent in the face of a recession. So I look forward to a Harvard Business School case being written on this in 2 or 3 years from now to see what it does. We all know that PODs have been tried or unit dose has been tried many times in the United States on laundry detergent, without success. But times are different, things are different, new products. We'll see. We're very happy with the products we have out there. We're putting them out there, maintaining the price gaps we have on the liquid side, and we'll see what happens. 
James Craigie: I see what you're saying, but really there's not a linkage there. Three of the brands were down. Trojan was one, we're off a couple of tenths, not something big. And we've been -- overall, sales are fine. Profits are fine. Gross margins were up in that category for us, so it's just awful hard to grow share when you're a 75-plus share. The one brand that had a little trouble was Orajel. Private label's been very aggressive in that category. We're dealing with that but we're keeping our spending power up on that side. And the third one was... 
James Craigie: Nair. Nair was kind of a weird one this past year. Procter entered the depilatory category with a very high-priced lip hair removal product, I mean, way up high. Good for them, it seems to be very successful. But we did the appropriate thing, we built that into the category. We changed the whole category dynamics. If the category, if they didn't enter the category, we would've had a bright green light on Nair. We had an awesome year on Nair, and we were up on sales and everything was going well there. But as we adjust the category to take Procter into effect, we had to go to a yellow. The other one is Spinbrush. Spinbrush was down a little bit. There was a lot of competitive spending in there by other guys. We're dealing within that. But we got the launch of Tooth Tunes this year, that we're very happy with. So we're going to keep our spending up high. So don't -- different factors were going on in that, and we feel we have the spending power. It was mostly a private label issue, more of a pricing issue was going on there that we're going to deal with. We're not going to necessarily pullback our spending to do that in those categories. 
James Craigie: Yes. We hope the new product pipeline will do that. We have some of the best new products ever in those categories. We're going to keep the spending up high. We think we're dealing with price point issues out there, but it's a new news category, a premium categories. And we're going to put this -- we're going to keep the spending power up there, and I think with this new product pipeline that we have, we will stimulate product category growth. Again, it's a recession. We're flooding a massive tidal wave of these recession-hit categories in that, but we're not going to give up. And I'm just -- I'll say it 100 times. I'm very happy about the new product pipeline, and I think, with the advertising spending behind that, we should see some terrific results. 
James Craigie: That's a very good question. I think part of it depends on the economy. This run of recessionary time is going to be tough. Part of it depends on competition. I mean, we are, honestly, quite surprised to see some of the calls by some of our major competitors in low-single digits. That makes us think -- and they've talk about increasing marketing spending at some case. Well, they're going to accept low-single digits and try to increase marketing spending. We're going to deal with that. It may be a little out of line to call 12% to 15% earnings growth when they're investing in marketing and coming back to get their share back and sacrificing EPS. So I think those are the 2 biggest factors. We just see a continued tough time in the economy for any kind of premium products out there, and we see competitors doing things we're a little wary of, that they may be trying to get their shares back at the expense of earnings that we can't be blind to that. We've got to be able to defend against that and grow our business. So I hope long term, the economy gets better. I hope long term our competitors won't be a little more profit-oriented. We'll see. So right now, I think -- there's only one company I know in the industry who's calling better than that, and they're coming off of pretty down year. So we're the only guys off a good year promising another double-digit year. 
James Craigie: We're not -- we're absolutely aggressive. I think we spend more time working acquisitions this year than any year I've been involved in the company, this past year. Just nothing came in that would fit our criteria. We don't feel we missed anything that got bought by somebody else. I can't go into some of the things we've looked at, might surprise you, we were looking at that we were -- to fit our criteria, other categories. As far as international, I'll take it as  international versus domestic, I don't care where it is that fits the criteria. As with BATISTE, I mean, you know my history, I've kind of always poo-pooed the hair category. I never really loved it, but it was too competitive in that. And we found this one little niche brand over that, that's just rocking the market in the U.K. we couldn't resist it. I'm glad we didn't because it's off to a fantastic start for us. It has also built our U.K. business by 25%, giving us more scale in that country. So no, we'll look anywhere in the world. I will tell you the emerging markets, there's going to be a case study written on that one very shortly. The emerging markets have become extremely competitive. The acquisition prices are  sky high. And I think similar guys who put their toe in the water out to one of these markets and pay ridiculous prices. There are now price wars and everything else going on. I will tell you my heart I think there's good sense that you are focusing on the domestic market here and mining your gold at home. You can make a lot more money and get a lot more growth in the U.S. in terms of consumer spending them  for some of these foreign markets. That said, I'm not stupid. I know long term the growth is in the emerging markets. We are looking at it, and if we find the right opportunity, we'll take it. So we're just not going to say the next one has to be emerging markets because that's where the growth is. We'll take the next one if it is the right criteria, anywhere. 
James Craigie: I would tell you, in general, new products have represented about 50% of our organic growth for the last couple of years. I haven't seen a final number in 2011 because the laundry business did quite well, but the sensitive skin part of that was a good contributor. So in general, we're looking for at least 50% of our organic growth as we've done the last couple of years from new products, which I think is pretty great, great number out there. So my group's chief genius over there, released new products for us now for quite a few years. I think I've got a fantastic new product team. Like other guys, these ideas are coming both in-house and out of house. We've signed some deals with companies with great new technology that are part of the products here, part of the things you'll see in the future. We haven't revealed yet. I'm very happy with -- when I came here in 2004, the new product pipeline was pretty poultry. Today, I think we have one of the best of the new product pipelines in the industry, and it's a key contributor to our great organic growth numbers. 
James Craigie: The shipments weren't a whole lot. It's probably less than $1 million just for PODs. I think the 2 PODs and Ultra Last is probably, may have $2 million of sales. So not a whole lot because we got this going in December. So it wouldn't necessarily be a whole lot of delve. It may have little bit of sliding associated with that too, which would depress the margins in Q4. That's all in Q4. 
James Craigie: Well, we're developing that now so we're not in-house just yet. So we're actually going to be bringing it in-house. But yes, it will be a few million dollars of capital for sure. But it's not a double-digit number. 
James Craigie: Yes, it's funny in the acquisition world, every day of the week, I walk in and Brian Buchert [ph], who's in the room here at your table back there. Brian's our conduit for all the divestment bankers out there. Every day is a new day in acquisitions and things like that. The phone rings, interesting calls. We've been all over the country in this presentation. It's totally unpredictable. If you talk to the investment banker, they are not happy with the lack of acquisitions in the industry in the past 12 to 24 months. They're not making a lot of money. I think we're starting to see wins that there's going to be more opportunities for companies, either being sold or selling off parts in the year. But again, I kind of felt that last year, too, honestly, but we're seeing some winds right now start to blow that may be more opportunities for acquisitions for us this year in terms of people selling stuff. But again, it's never over to the cholerically-challenged Y chromosome talks there. So -- old yogi term, sorry. But we'll see what happens in the industry. But I'm a little optimistic right now. We'll have more opportunities coming up, and we're ready. My organization is drooling for an acquisition right now. Especially, it's kind of true that was actually -- maybe it's wasn't the worst thing in the world that we were doing the SAP startup to not have an acquisition on top of it. So of the SAP startup, a lot of the heavy lifting's behind us because a lot of the same people would have been involved with an acquisition. So maybe, we caught a lucky window where we didn't pick up a mass of acquisition on top of an SAP startup. We could focus a lot on the SAP startup. So now we're ready and waiting. We got the cash. We got the wherewithal. We know how to do acquisitions, so we just need the right one. But I won't do the wrong one. I would just won't do the wrong one. We've passed on some junk out there, and I could have maybe made some people in this room by doing a big acquisition with a lower margin #5 brand in some country where I don't really want to be and don't have scale and power, but I just don't won't do that. 
James Craigie: It's possible. It's possible. We really don't like -- we'd like to be accretive within 1 year because when we get there, you'll see us, we're very aggressive on the synergies, both organizationally and manufacturing. But if there was something really, really awesome long term for my company, that was a guaranteed winner, will we accept the solution? That's possible. But usually it doesn't happen because we have a policy. Usually in 90 days, we make the people changes. We get rid of majority of people in the company we acquire within 1 year as we bring their products in-house. So usually after a year, we sometimes double or more the profit of a company just from synergies. But then we tap the growth potential after that. I didn't show the story today at OxiClean. OxiClean, we doubled the profits within 12 months, and the business was a great business. And within 2 or 3 years, we took the share of 50% using our marketing muscle of new products, so we've got a pretty good track record of how we handle acquisitions, so -- and then we won't overpay. We pay very fair prices. So it's kind of hard to imagine how it would be dilutive given our aggressiveness on cost savings and synergies. But if it's something -- I never say never, but I don't love dilutive deals because the world changes. 
James Craigie: All right. I just always -- the world changes, you think of something I think is a great acquisition, all of a sudden some major competitor enters the category 3 years out, and you've waited for 3 years to become accretive and you lost your window. So we're just very aggressive one on synergies. 
James Craigie: We're looking hard. We're looking hard. But we have a, how can I say that -- there's not one acquisition that happened, and when I look back, and decide I wish we have made that one or we've missed it, nothing we've missed, which we had. I see a hand in the back. 
James Craigie: Let me just stand by telling you I recently told my board at my board meeting a week or so ago that I never cease to be amazed with the resiliency of my team. I have an awesome team. Over the years we just have a knack of being able to pull the right levers between organic growth, acquisitions, financials, engineering, things like that, to always get 10%. We know how to fight price wars. We know how to grow our power brands. We know how to defend our brands. It's an average perfect team. I really think the best team in the industry, and we will fight our way to do -- how anybody else is doing this year is to get double-digit EPS growth, again, in a very tough environment. And I'm very proud of them, and they're all in the room here today. So I'll just tell you 2012 is going to be a very challenging year, I think, for everybody. I've told some people earlier, I've seen some economic forecast  that this country will be in a recession by mid-summer. Not as long indeed as before, but I tend to be a pessimist. I disregard all the things about employment right now. I think this country has had it for more trouble short term than not. But my team will pull the right levers and get through that and deliver good quality earnings growth. And I hope to see you here or see you over the phones -- hear you over the phones in the next 90 days and start to tell you about that. So thank you very much for coming down here today. I hope you enjoyed the parade we threw out front. And I hope you get home safely with all the millions of people outside, and go Giants. Now go Yankees.
Unknown Analyst: Just a quick question about that advertising split. So the 20% of sales spent on the premium part of the portfolio, a lot of what's in there is also on personal care and is also the power brands where shares are actually down, so not just that categories are weak, but shares are down. So can you just talk a little bit about that? I mean, it seems like a disproportionate amount of spending was not the same kind of return that you get on the value portion of the portfolio. 
Unknown Analyst: Absolutely. But does it make you think differently or more aggressively about the international opportunity for acquisitions? I mean, BATISTE sounds like it's a one-off, being a U.K. business. But if you assume maybe that the mature markets really are going to be dead in the water for quite some time, potentially, do you say, "Wow, we need to be a little bit more aggressive about Latin America or other emerging markets?" 
Unknown Analyst: I guess, the point is you're making these commentaries that you're planning for the worst. So the old Church & Dwight that we know usually provides conservative guidance. Why not try to spook anybody about a 9 number out there, if you look just based on how... 
Unknown Analyst: No, finding them. At the size that you are, that's not going to be material at all, so bring you everything you want. 
