Matt Farrell: Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'll begin with a few comments on the quarter, then I'll turn the call over to Rick Dierker, our CFO. When Rick is finished, we'll open up the call for questions. Q1 was an outstanding quarter for our company as we saw strong organic sales growth and gross margin expansion. Q1 reported sales grew 3.8%. Organic sales growth was 4.5%, which exceeded our outlook of 3.5% to 4%. Earnings per share was $0.70 which exceeded our outlook by $0.04. In the U.S., organic sales grew 4.5% with volume growth and positive price. Our categories are growing and our market shares are healthy. 10 of our 14 domestic categories grew during the quarter. And beyond category growth, our share results were solid with eight out of 11 power brands growing share. We continue to have success in the online class of trade, global consumer online sales continues to grow rapidly, and we expect it to exceed 8% of our sales in 2019. Our international consumer business delivered another terrific quarter with 8.5% organic growth. International is a growth driver and a bright spot for Church & Dwight. Unlike many of our peers, Canada, Germany, and our global markets group, which we formally refer to as export, had particularly strong quarters. Our new partnership with Shanghai Jahwa is off to a good start and it is clear that the investments that we've made in our international business continue to pay off. Now, turning to Specialty Products, Q1 was a challenging quarter for us with a 4.2% decline in organic sales. We are seeing lower demand for animal productivity products from our dairy customers who continue to be hurt by low milk prices. So, in the short-term, we are less optimistic about a sales recovery in 2019. However, we still feel good about our long-term 5% organic sales algorithm as a result of our acquisitions of businesses serving other species like poultry, cattle, and swine. Now, let's go back to the U.S. business for a moment and call out a couple of the bright lights in the quarter. In household, the laundry category grew 1.7%. ARM & HAMMER laundry consumption was up 8.2% and gained 0.7 share points. As anticipated the promotional environment moderated a bit in Q1. We reduced ARM & HAMMER laundry percentage sold on promotion by 110 basis points, while maintaining growth and we plan to reduce promotional levels more in the coming quarters. Over in personal care, BATISTE continued to gain share with a 28% consumption growth in the dry shampoo category nearly doubling the category growth of 15%. BATISTE is the number one dry shampoo for the 13th consecutive quarter. Now, let's have an update on pricing. Late last year, we raised price in several of our household categories in the high single-digit range. The impact on volumes so far has been better than expected. Over the last few months, we have had additional conversations with our retail partners regarding price increases in personal care category such as dry shampoo and condoms. These products are currently shipping with the new pricing. And finally we closed the FLAWLESS acquisition yesterday. We're excited to own the market leader in women's electric hair removal products. FLAWLESS is a fast-growing brand which complements our specialty hair care business. We expect it to contribute to our long-term growth both domestically and internationally and Rick will comment more on the impact of FLAWLESS to our 2019 outlook in a moment. So, in conclusion, we had a terrific quarter. We're feeling really good about the rest of the year and our evergreen business model is helping. Next up is Rick to give you details on the first quarter and the outlook for Q2 and the full year.
Matt Farrell: Okay. In thinking about the promotional environment we're generally talking about household categories. So if you look at the laundry category and look at what the percentage sold on deal was year-over-year, it was down about 340 basis points. So it went from like 40.3 down to 36.9, so it's quite a drop. So the average for the category is 36.9. Where we right now for ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry is 34%. So we were down 100 basis points year-over-year. So I -- it's quite a move down year-over-year, so I would expect that to be sustained for the rest of the year. And as I said in my opening remarks we expect also to reduce more in the next three quarters. The other category to pay attention to is litter. So on the litter category, you've Tidy Cats you've Clorox and Church & Dwight and all of those brands are down year-over-year as a percentage sold on deal. So the category is down 400 basis points. It went from 21.9 to 17.7. So down quite a bit. So as expected all -- it seems all the manufacturers have pulled back quite a bit on promotions. Recall that last year that everybody has experienced commodity increases and transportation increases big jump from 2017 going to 2018, 2018 going to 2019 not as bad, but still up. So this behavior is consistent with the ability of the suppliers to offset those cost increases.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Look in the first quarter even the company you referred to that's in Europe was down sold on deal. We can't predict what the competition is going to do, but this isn't just one quarter Bill. We've kind of started to see this trend in the second half of 2018 that's continued into 2019. So it's not obvious that, that is just going to turn around very quickly.
Matt Farrell: When you have all these price increases you also have to keep in mind that people aren't going to dealing it back, right? So it's somewhat consistent that you're not going to see as much sold on deal. People want to see the price increases take hold and be able to drop it down to gross profit.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I think that the one day, I'm not going to get that question is when it's 14 out of 14, they're up.
Matt Farrell: It was 10 out of 14 the categories were up in the first quarter. Some of the categories that are struggling would be like condoms, for example. There are secular reasons for that for the last couple of years, because there are alternative contraceptives to condoms including Plan B and intrauterine devices, et cetera. Kids is down as well year-over-year, the category. I'd say those are -- that's also -- you could argue that that may be also related to birth rates. But I'd say on the sexual health side of the house is where we see some weakness. So that's probably where I would spend most of my time.
Matt Farrell: …our power brands eight out of 11 grew share in the quarter. So, it’s spectacular. Last year we had seven out of 11 on a full year basis. So we feel great about the strength of the brands.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, think of it this way, Steve. We're just turning that campaign on right now. As I said, when we're down at the Stock Exchange that is going to be a multi-year program. I really think we've hit upon something that resonates with consumers. You're going to start seeing it hit in the next couple of months both on television as well as in print and digital as well, but this is something that we think is going to be a big boost for us, because ARM & HAMMER is across so many different categories. So it's laundry. It's litter. It's toothpaste, underarm deodorant. It's a phenomenal brand, because it trades in so many different categories. So this campaign is going to halo all of those categories. So hope to give you an update on that in future quarters to let you know how it's going, but it's only just kicking off right now.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. We've talked about this many times before about the ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry detergent. You have to keep in mind that ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry is a value detergent. It's on the high end of the scale but it is a value detergent. And the brands that we compete against are Purex and Sun others and they are unadvertised brands. So we have a distinct advantage in the way we compete in that. Our brand has a lot of brand equity and those resonate with the consumer. Now, we've been growing the ARM & HAMMER liquid laundry detergent year-over-year for years. And this is – and we did – again, we grew this quarter quite a bit at the same time that we reduced our promotional spend year-over-year. So it's – and behind that we have the More Power To You campaign coming, which is also going to help us. So I think this is largely due to brand equity more than it has to do with promotions.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Just a little bit of color on the dairy market. So dairy price, the dairy industry is influenced by the price of milk. So if you look at class three milk 2018, it was pretty low. It was $14.60 per hundred weight, that's how it's sold 100 pounds. Q1 was even less than that it was $14.30. So dairy farmers are definitely struggling. If you look at last year, I mean 2017 going to 2018 there was a 7% drop in the number of licensed dairy farms in the U.S. The number of cows didn't decline so much they only declined 1%. So all those cows got distributed around to those other dairy farms, but that was the single largest drop recorded by the USDA. So obviously tough going right now for the dairy industry. What we've been doing is, we've been diversifying away from dairy over for the past three years. So last year what we said was that about 25% of our Specialty Products sales I'll narrow that sales of our animal productivity business 25% was for nondairy. So absent that we would have an even greater difficulty. If you went back three years 2015, 100% of our animal productivity business was dairy. So it is a worry for us obviously. But we think long-term and we know this is a cyclical business, so it does come back eventually. But in the meantime, we continue to expand the businesses that are directed towards cattle swine and poultry. For a full year -- on a full year basis, we started out saying I think we said 9% organic growth. That is not going to happen. I think it's going to be flat for the full year for Specialty Products business.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Hey we'd love to see that. I can't talk specifically about the journal article I don't remember seeing that. But when we bought the business it had a handful of competitors and today it's got 30. So we stand to benefit to the extent that there's going to be more scrutiny regarding disclosure and content of the gummy vitamins that we compete with.
Matt Farrell: Yes. No the big ones are -- we went through earlier we did look at the liquid laundry detergent and litter those are the big ones. Personal care side of the house is less driven by promotion it is far more driven by a marketing. So that's generally not a topic for conversation in personal care.
Matt Farrell: I think, yes, it's a game changer. I think, everybody just going to have to move towards one-day and maybe same-day at some point in the future. I think that Amazon just keeps turning up the heat on all the bricks and mortar retailers. So that will be a competitive advantage for them until such time as others catch up. Now it may not matter to some consumers at some point that whether you get it same day or next day. But the option -- having the option may matter to people. But it's definitely something to watch, something we're watching closely too, Joe.
Matt Farrell: It's -- I don't know that's going to get us there. Whether it's two-day or one-day, that's going to change consumer behavior as far as buying online. We were up 40% year-over-year in the first quarter, our online sales. We got a big jump. So we're easily going to pass the 8% for the year. So we're all happy with the direction we're going and the skills that we're developing to compete digitally and online.
Matt Farrell: No, the way you should think about that business is, it's got mid to high 30s of gross margins. And so it's moved up quite a bit over the last few years as we have made acquisitions into other categories. When you say, hey you went into the year looking for 9% and now you're looking for flat, some of the things that informed us about 2019 were; A, the milk prices would be recovering. There are some industry estimates that come out, that predict what -- essentially what they are milk futures since they predict what milk prices are going to do in the back half of 2019. We're less optimistic that that actually is going to happen right now. The other thing that's hurting the business is the tariff war. So, for example, China is the number one importer of whey protein from the United States. So, obviously, that's depressing milk prices. And as the NAFTA-2 still hasn't been ratified, so that -- all those changes haven't wound up helping the dairy farmers. So looking at that now in April, we're saying, we feel more like it's going to be flattish for the year. But long-term we still feel good about the business because we are effectively making the move diversifying away from dairy.
Matt Farrell: Yeah, abating doesn't mean going backwards. But look these things move like glaciers over time. So what you're talking about is at some point if commodities now go in a down cycle and then what happens? Well, what happens historically is it creates a price umbrella and it gives suppliers the ability to promote. But we're a long way away from that.
Matt Farrell: All right. I think that's it folks. Hey, we had a great quarter, sales were up, gross margin expanded and we'll talk to you all at the end of the second quarter.
Rick Dierker: This is Rick. Hey Bill. I would say that transportation as an example status quo. I think we said mid single digit increases for us last time we talked back in February and that's still our expectation. Like we've touched on many times we are largely hedged about 75% hedged for a lot of our commodities. That piece that does float, we have some capability in Q1, right? And I think I alluded to in my remarks that ethylene as an example was actually down year-over-year in Q1. Now the forecast has it going up in Q2, Q3 and Q4. But so far April looks lot like Q1. So I think we're optimistic that for the first time in a long time commodities were actually abating.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would just add Steve, this is Rick, that it's always encouraging that when we're spending our lowest quarter of the year in terms of marketing spend to have the results that we just had. So that's another good indication.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So, really we did have some strength in a couple of different personal care areas. I quoted L’IL CRITTERS as an example. I quoted BATISTE dry shampoo in the release. So those are kind of leading the way from a PC growth perspective. I know WATERPIK was slightly positive, but the price increases and volumes kind of offset. Your second question was on surfactants and another round of price increasing. Well surfactants were actually – like I said ethylene was actually down year-over-year in the quarter. It's expected to be up in Q2, Q3, Q4 consistent to how it was three months ago when we gave our outlook. And we said, many times that we're not going to lead with any type of price increases in that laundry category. But what you're seeing in the laundry category is promotions being peeled back and you're seeing coupon reductions kind of what Matt was alluding to before.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Look I think we all know that retailers are challenged and oftentimes retailers have to turn to suppliers for some help with respect to their profitability. And different brands are in a better position to deal with those asks than others. And the reason we focus on having a number one and number two brands is so that when that conversation takes place that we can work -- we actually have something to bring to the party. And so if the retailer should say I need x then we might say hey, we need an endcap, we need to be moved up to eye level. When you're a number one and number two brand, you can have those conversations with the retailers. When you are the number three, four and five brand that's far more difficult. So I think those are the brands that are going to be far more at risk than the brands that are number one and number two. But what you described Lauren is something we've been dealing with for the last several years. You might say, okay it's going to become more acute now, if you raise price. But you would expect that some -- the penny profit for the retailer is also going to go up as well. So all of that profit is not winding up in our pockets.
Rick Dierker: Well, no you hit it on the head. More than anything it's a comp issue. If you look at that business it was -- price/mix was positive 5.2% in Q1 in 2018. For the year it was 2%. So if you just, almost at the stack bar if you had the stack up in Q1 5.2 minus 1.7 is 3.5. So that's 2% to 3% is right where that business is usually at for price/mix. So it's more of a comp issue back in 2018. We did have some favorable price/mix as we were exiting and had to reverse some charges from our China venture. So it's really just a comp issue.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I did it in my prepared remarks. But just to do it real quick again. Previously we had said for the full year back in February we said 2.5% domestic, 6% international and 9% for SPD that's 3.5% organic. Now we're saying 3% domestic, 7% international and flat for SPD to get to the 3.5%.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I'll take the EPS question Joe. It's -- it was, every single price increase that we talk about has to be cost justified in this environment. So it was cost justified to answer the first question. In terms of gross margin if you exclude FLAWLESS because sometimes it's just easier to think of it like that let's just strip out all the noise and FLAWLESS, we would've raised our gross margin from 10 basis points to 30 basis points of improvement right? So that 30 basis points is made up of partly the new pricing that we got in the back half of the year for these personal care categories. We would've stayed at 10 basis points down for marketing would have stayed at 30 basis points of leverage for SG&A and we would've been 70 basis points of op margin expansion. And you say, okay, where do that flow through for EPS? Well, remember, back in February, I said, if we did a larger deal, we would take our $300 million buyback program and just do $100 million of it and that's what we did. So EPS is neutral, but operating margin is higher.
Rick Dierker: Okay. Let's start with the tracked and untracked channels. So if you look at our -- if you look at Nielsen, our consumption growth would have been around 4%. Unmeasured would add about 1.5% or 150 basis points. We had really strong growth in e-commerce, as Matt alluded to, and other untracked channels as well. That would get offset, though, by couponing of about -- around 70 basis points and all other around 30 basis points. So that will take you to the 4.5% organic that we're talking about. You also alluded to just a deceleration in Q2 for organic growth and really through maybe the back half of the year. Well, remember, we are pulling back on promotions as we've talked about many times as we go through the year. So that does have an impact on volume. But we feel like we're in such a good spot that we can do that. Your third question was on FLAWLESS. And that was related to helping on the divisional breakout. We're not ready to do that yet. This is -- we just closed yesterday. We're dealing -- and I -- we try to go into a lot of the detail on the -- kind of the transition portion of FLAWLESS for four months and then when it goes through every line of the P&L for four months. And the best guide we can give you right now is, plus 200 basis points or so to net sales for the company.
Rick Dierker: It is. We said that business was $180 million trailing. If you times that by 15% you get low 200s. Divide that by 12 months times it by eight months, since we closed on May 1, that's around $140 million. That's around 300-and-some basis points. But remember, the funny accounting is that, we could only recognize the operating profit and net sales for the first four months. And so it's really less than -- it's around half of that. So we can go through it in more detail if you like offline. But it's -- that's why it's less than maybe what you think.
Rick Dierker: Hey, it's Rick. I'll just correct one thing. Commodities are not abating right now, right? Commodities are up year-over-year. We said Q1 for ethylene as an example was a little bit favorable to what our outlook was. But that's it. In general commodities are up significantly still from 2019 to 2018. So that's -- in this environment -- and oil as you guys know is back up to around $64, $65 a barrel. So that's not what the narrative is right now. Price increases are happening because of commodity inflation that's existing out there.
