Matt Farrell: Okay. I’ll start. And this is Matt, Chris and then Rick can pile on. So I mentioned WATERPIK and vitamins. So that we said on a full year basis that they would be flattish in net sales. So first half, they’re both down year-over-year, and the expectation is up in the second half. So you’re right about that. They’re going to start contributing to the inflection of personal care starting to grow. In international, we have BATISTE and STERIMAR where we’ve been somewhat capacity constrained, and that’s debating right now too. So that’s going to help us on the international side. And BATISTE continues to grow in the U.S. continue to be able to expand, as I mentioned in my remarks awareness and also household penetration. THERABREATH is a juggernaut. And we bought that business probably had around $100 million in sales. Our ambition long-term is for that to be a $0.5 billion business globally. So it’s – that’s going to continue to grow. We’ve got lots of distribution gains already this year and more ahead of us. And the same is true for HERO. Here we just bought last October, we’ve got a fantastic team driving that business that they’ve – by and large have all stuck around with us, and we want them to stay for a long time because we have so much success and so much runway ahead of us. So I give you a little sense for a half a dozen brands here that are contributing to the growth.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And Chris, the only area where we have announced an increase in price to retailers is in baking soda for the obvious reasons with the 50% increase in soda ash that, that Rick made reference to.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And Rupesh, some of the categories in personal care that, that are down or like battery pregnancy test kits, cold shortening, these are small categories, so but they count as one of the 14. So we’re trying to get the focus more on the big brands and how they’re performing.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, look, as far as promotions go, generally the conversation goes around household. So if you look at the laundry category in total, it’s sequentially, it’s up about 80, 90 bps from Q1 to Q2. And if you look at liquid laundry detergent, that’s up a couple of hundred basis points in sold on deal from Q1 to Q2. On the other hand, if you look at unit dose sequentially, it’s down 340 basis points from Q1 to Q2. So all in, I’d say if you look at the laundry category in total, it’s not any – not significantly more promotional in Q2 than Q1. And then if you look at laundry, or pardon me, a litter sold on deal, just the last few quarters, it’s been pretty steady. It’s been around 15% sold on deal. So I would – and then the last one would be a vitamin business VMS. That actually is, it’s less promotional in Q2 than Q1. So I would say that from where we sit and we look at our most promotional categories, we think it’s that things are pretty steady.
Matt Farrell: Yes. It’s a good question. Hey, you’ve heard us say in the past that we think that sales per employee is an underappreciated measurement of a company’s performance. But we focus on that quite a bit. And Rick can kind of chime in with some details, but we look at how do we make our people and the plants more efficient through automation, and how do we do the same with respect to the white collar office workers. We have – we’re going to be close to $6 billion in sales next year we got around 5,000, it’s 5,200 or 5,300 employees. And the goal here is can you continue to grow your top line without necessarily growing the number of plants that you have or the number of employees that you have to make the team far more efficient. But Rick can give you a couple of examples of RPA in the number of projects we’ve done in the past, how many we plan to do this year and in the future as an example of how you try to make your certainly your office workers more productive. And of course, we like so many other companies out there are now looking to AI and chat and say, well, how can we leverage that to make everybody more productive? But Rick, you can throw a few examples on the table.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I’d just say, Dara, we’re very consistent. We had a long standing practice that when the business is performing well, we look at that as an opportunity to reinvest. So things we – initiatives we might’ve had next year, the year after, we say, hey, we could fund it now, let’s do it. And as with respect to marketing, that’s really a no brainer. Because marketing correlates with this – with the health of brands and the strength of your brand equity, and you can’t live at 10% of sales. And there’s another example of something we were going to ramp up in 2024, that’s – we got ahead of it now. So that is not going to be a drag year-over-year in 2024 versus 2023. That ramp up to 11%. So I think these are all good things.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, let’s start with FLAWLESS. We haven’t said a word about FLAWLESS, nor will we, it’s a small brand for us now. First, WATERPIK, just remember, we enter the year, if you go back six months, we said, hey, the first six months, we’re going to be choppy here. We had inventory in the channel that we had to work through. We had an imbalance out there that’s behind us now. So that obviously has a direct impact on our sales in the second half. And same with vitamins. That was our biggest problem child when it came to supply in 2022. We got punished for that by suppliers where we lost displays, some cases lost distribution. So consequently, we took that on the chin in the first half, but that started to improve in the second half as far as the number of displays we’re able to get in. And some of the variants that we weren’t able to make last year that we’re going to start introducing backend example, a magnesium gummy for example. So for those two businesses, we would say, hey, there’s reasons to believe that there’s going to start inflecting in the second half.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, look, I’ve been here for a long time, since 2006, and we’ve lived with our evergreen model for many, many years and it’s served us well. And last year was an anomaly for us. And we said, okay, we got to get back to our algorithm. And we said we had a big step up in 2023, and by virtue of what we’ve shown in the first half we’re going to get to 6% EPS growth in 2023. We’re going to get marketing back up to 11% of sales, which is how we want to run the railroad. And we sold 200 basis points light versus what our gross margins were pre-COVID. So when we get to the end of 2023, that’s ahead of us. So it’s going to take us a few years to get back there, but as we improve our gross margin in 2024 and 2025, that’s obviously going to throw off a fair amount of profit. So if you look at the – just the first half of this year we had double digit gross profit growth. That’s a great trend. So I’d say that the short story is, is that the success we’ve had in the first six months, the strength we see in the second half certainly on sales and gross profit growth gives us greater confidence, so we can return to our normal evergreen model algorithm in 2024. But we’re not – it’s too early to be calling numbers at this point, but I think going to 11% of marketing as a percentage of sales this year is a big deal. It won’t be a headwind in next year, that 2024 versus 2023, and we still have the ambition to grow gross margin significantly in the next couple of years. So that’s a short story about how we think about the P&L, Steve.
Matt Farrell: Yes, and when I – as I go through, you’re going to have to remind me about the question three and four. As far as where the distribution is coming from, you take Hero. So Hero was built through Amazon, Target and Ulta, and those were the mainstay retailers that the Hero team chose to grow their brand. So consequently every other retailer in class of trade is an opportunity for us. And so we’ve – that’s what we’ve been pursuing. We’ve been going after a mass, which would be companies like – retailers like Walmart, the big drug chains, et cetera, and then food. And the opportunity is A, would be distribution and B would be facings. Now, if you go to THERABREATH, THERABREATH was more developed as far as the – throughout many classes of trade, but not with respect to facings and how many variants are shown. So there’s two things happening with THERABREATH. One is, yes, we’re getting more retailers, but we’re spreading out more on shelf. And as – because of this is the – actually the highest priced mouthwash, it’s accounting for 50% of the category growth in mouthwash in Q2. Now the retailers see that, their penny profit is high on THERABREATH mouthwash. So consequently, they’re interested in helping us grow. So we can anticipate more facings in the future particularly in 2024. So I think both of those brands have a big tailwind going forward.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I mean, the velocity and the sales that we have would suggest that we should have far more shelf space than we have today.
Matt Farrell: Well, look, we welcome competition. As far as patches go, the advantage MIGHTY PATCH has is number one, it was first and number two, its patch is more efficacious than other patches. So I think that is what’s going to make the difference going forward. Yes. And as far as THERABREATH goes, THERABREATH’s got a different formula than other mouth washes, even in the mouth washes in non-alcohol. So no, I would say, we feel advantage with respect to our offering. Not just our formulas, but also our packaging and our go-to market strategy and our use of social media.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Sodium bicarbonate is not a big part of the animal business within SPD. As far as the – we got into the animal business about 50 years ago when we learned that that we were selling super sacks of baking soda to big bakers and they were selling out the back door to some dairies, and they were sort of used putting in the feed was sort of like Alka-Seltzer for cows. That then got us into other nutritional products, prebiotics, probiotics over time. So the story with respect to soda ash and sodium bicarbonate is largely on the consumer side of the business. Now, especially product business, two-thirds is animal, one-third is bulk sodium bicarbonate. And there you would see that we have been raising price. But this is just a – it’s a $100 million business, so it’s not a real needle move for us, Bill, when we raise price in bulk sodium bicarbonate.
Matt Farrell: Yes. On the consumer side it’s a – it’s a much bigger deal. We don’t typically quote what percentage of our COGS is sodium bicarbonate or baking soda. But remember, we use baking soda in a lot of different products. It’s in toothpaste, its underarm deodorant; it’s in cat litter, laundry detergent, yes, it’s – we use it quite a bit, so it doesn’t matter.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well look the, we’ve had four quarters now, four or five quarters now of trade down. So we saw a lot of that’s happening mid-22 and it’s going to continue through mid-23. So we would say now you’re sort of starting to lap the trade down, but – but the ARM & HAMMER brand is continues to grow and like I said, July is equally as strong as year-over-year as Q1 and Q2. In fact, as Rick has pointed out, and we pointed out in the release, a lot of the year-over-year comparison it’s not just for Church & Dwight, but most CPGs has been colored by price. And the expectation now is we’re going to go positive in volume in Q3 and Q4. So we expect that the launch piece is going to be one of those participants for positive volume in Q3.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Well, you heard Rick mention that HERO and THERABREATH are virtue being part of Church & Dwight. We certainly have the wherewithal to invest quite a bit on two brands that are growing significantly and have a lot of runway ahead of them. The other place of destination would be which I mentioned briefly in my opening remarks, and that’s our master brand campaign, which is Give it the Hammer and to Give it the Hammer campaign is really resonating with consumers. And I’m just talking about your average consumer out there. It’s really resonated with them because it really halos all of our different categories and it’s – it’s consistent and we came up with this as we entered the year and we said, hey, we got all this trade down going on. ARM & HAMMER is the working man’s brand. So let’s get behind that and let’s come up with a campaign that’s going to support that, that thesis. And it’s working. That brand is really scoring super high and we’re continuing to get behind it. We’re going to get behind it in the second half continually.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And BATISTE would be the other one that we haven’t completely lapped. All the price increases, so that’s going to be part of the story for price in the second half is dry shampoo.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well look there’s a – there’s a half a dozen categories where we have the private label competition and I would say Litter is usually the one we’ve – we’ve talked most about. But that’s been stable. For the last three quarters, it’s around 13% Q4 – Q1 and Q2. As far as trade down goes in household, it’s a consumer is more likely to trade down. Now we’ve talked about trade down within laundry to ARM & HAMMER, we’ve had four quarters of that, as I just mentioned the previous question. We do – based on how July is setting up it looks like that’s continuing to happen. Well, I do expect it’s going to abate a little bit, but one thing that’s notable about trade down is – is which I said in my opening remarks is that Extra, which is a extreme value detergent. It grew 7.5% consumption in Q2 and it actually gained share. And that was the first time, and that was like 14 quarters that Extra gain share. So that would suggest that there’s a trade down that’s – and Q2, remember this is our most recent quarter, first time that’s happened in 14 quarter. So you’d say, yes, there’s still a tendency to trade down particularly on the household side. When it comes to personal care, particularly health related categories far less likely to see trade down. So I think it’s more of a household story.
Matt Farrell: Well, look, some of it is – it’s hard to parse out, well, how much is restoring your typical spend that to maintain brand health and how much is actually going to reduce your top line. As Rick said, I think it’s more likely that it’s going to help THERABREATH and HERO in the second half. The brands that are already doing extremely well, just port some gasoline on those.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, I mean, our outlook is what our outlook is. That’s our best forecast of results. So right now, we’re saying we’re extremely happy that we got the 6% EPS growth while bringing marketing back up to 11%, which we thought was going to take two years. We’re doing it all in one year and also making some investments for the future. So not really ready to talk about what we’re going to do if we have upside to that.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Hey, thanks everybody for joining us today, and look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter. Have a good one.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would probably just add Chris, it’s Rick. And Matt’s exactly right, BATISTE, THERABREATH, all those things are happening. You’re right. Your math is correct. Q1 organically for personal care was negative. Q2 is positive. We expect Q3, Q4 to be positive. So we do see the inflection point as well.
Rick Dierker: We haven’t taken any incremental pricing on laundry. I mean, there’s still the impact of concentration as an example, but that’s not really pricing. So we have not taken any incremental pricing.
Rick Dierker: Hey, Rupesh, we do think we’re going to improve that as we go through the year as our marketing investments behind it. As our fill levels comp year-over-year are comparable. But I think even a better metric is instead of 6 of 14, we’ve been talking about 65% of our net sales have gained share. So that’s our large brands are winning.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Hey, Bryan. We’ve kind of said up to 50% in the second half is going to be volume driven. We think that is impactful. It inflects positively, I think because of the comp, maybe Q3 is a little bit better than Q4.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I’ll give you the division kind of organic outlook here we are in July, so approximately 5% for domestic, 6% to 7% for international and negative for SPD. And that gets us to approximately 5%. So we continue to think we will have the same issue that we experienced in Q2 for the balance of the year.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So it’s all in the backdrop of making sure that our evergreen model of 25 basis points of SG&A leverage each and every year is solid for the next five, 10 years. And so two examples, like one Matt mentioned is like RPA. So one of the investments we’re making right now with automation and technology is, we have 20 or 30 projects that represents thousands and thousands of hours that we’re automating. And that way that our people have more capacity to do other work, which is really impactful as we build the company. And we have more and more brands every day. The second one we’re doing is we’re making significant technology investments. I think you’ve heard us talk about before, but we put an ERP system into China, as an example, we’re investing into an ERP system for our GMG business, which is our fastest growing international business. So we’re putting technology, we’re putting – enabling technology to – so that we can scale and grow. We have SG&A investments for people and regulatory and R&D, so that business can continue to grow at the rate it’s been growing at.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And so I’ll just give you a couple comments too, Andrea. In the back half of 2022, those businesses were down. So we expect those businesses to be really, like Matt said earlier a little – a couple of them a little positive in the back half and really flat for the year. But when you add up all those three businesses and the impact they’ve had on the company, I’ve quoted it a couple times, but in Q4 it was a 4% drag, in Q1, they were a 3% drag. In Q2, they were only a 1% drag, and we expect them to be flat in the second half. So it’s already improved, I guess, what we’re saying.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I mean, for vitamins, I think it’s – when we have our TDPs get impacted a little bit because we’re in the penalty box for supply and we got to do what Matt alluded to. We’re going to get – we’ve gotten more displays, we’re adding advertising, we’re looking at our messaging, and then it takes nine months or so to make that case for the retailer so you can get the distribution back into a leading position.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would just add, Anna that both of those brands have a lot of runway left on TDPs. Even if you look at THERABREATH for example, it’s maybe third or fourth in the segment on TDPs. And the next step change maybe is another competitor that has 1,100. So there’s still room to run.
Rick Dierker: Yes. Hey Olivia, so there’s – there’s, most of our pricing has lapped. Lot of our laundry, litter, OxiClean pricing happened in July a year ago. So most of the pricing has been lapsed, there’s a little bit still to come. That’s why we’re saying maybe 50/50 in the back half of the year. And then the only price in action that we’ve talked about is baking. So that’s the only one left from a list price perspective. We always want to go optimize trade and revenue growth management, but with the 50% increase in...
Rick Dierker: Yes. And Javier, I would say it also positions us well as we enter 2024. So that should be taken into account as well.
Rick Dierker: Yes. But look at – just to pile on gross margin expansion, gross profit growing. These are all great things and volumes inflecting some positive in the second half. There’s a lot of barrels right now for the company.
