Matt Farrell: Yes. In fact if you look at the weekly numbers, they went zero percent, 10%, up 35% year-over-year. So it’s been building through the month of April. And yes, you’re right. If you go back to some of the things we said, we said we were going to expand our distribution points about 15% in the 2020. So that’s done, check. But you are right that people are moving online. So we’ve seen a big uptick in our Amazon sales. And of course, other retailers also have the dot coms as well, but Amazon is up big time for us in April year-over-year.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Which is where you were going it’s remarkable considering the specialty stores are close and yet they’re up year-over-year.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I’d say if you look at that 8% shipment growth in the month of April, the big drivers there would be laundry, litter and vitamins. So that’s where you would find more of the out-of-stocks for us if we got wiped out in March.
Matt Farrell: Yes, well, I can tell you what it look like in Q1. If you look at the laundry category in Q1, the amount sold on deal was down 280 basis points. So everybody pulled back. So P&G, Henkel and Church & Dwight all pull back in Q1. That’s in the laundry category. And litter, litter was up 20 bps for the category sold on deal. That was entirely driven by Tidy Cat, as ARM & HAMMER had pulled back on promotions as well as Fresh Step. It’s really too early to tell right now, Rupesh. A lot of retailers just eliminated a lot of the promotions just because people were going to stores, in any case, buying product. So they were reduced in the month of – end of March and early April. So I don’t care to speculate right now with respect to what’s going to happen in the promotional environment.
Matt Farrell: Yes. It’s too early right now to make any predictions with respect to trade down. Once all the shelves get restocked, and we find that across a lot of categories, if you’ve spent any time in supermarkets lately, that’s when we’ll be able to tell, okay, what’s attracting consumers to move from, say, premium to mid-tier or to value. I mean, your question, I’m sure, is more directed towards our laundry detergent, it’s one of our biggest categories, and we benefited greatly back in 2009, we still have the – what I would call the unfair advantage that we are the only advertised brand in value. And the brands we compete with are Purex and Sun. So we still stand to gain should there be a movement down from premium to value laundry detergents. We feel like we’re in a great place, because if you go down back to 2009, 40% of our products were value, and today, they’re 30%. So we largely look just like we did back in 2009 as far as our portfolio.
Matt Farrell: Well, Trojan and BATISTE did well in first quarter. So now it’s – in April, a phenomenon. So they’re down significantly in the month of April. And the simple reason is that people are staying at home. So if you look at what’s going on with BATISTE, the – when we did the survey with respect to use up, that’s down. It was somewhat pantry loaded in March. And if you look at Trojan condoms, as far as the impact of social distancing and quarantining, people are having less sex. So it’s natural that Trojan is also going to be a down until those restrictions are lifted.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Yes. Well, I mentioned in my opening remarks that the annual spend on R&D and new products is unchanged. In fact, that would be one of the destinations we’d want to spend back this year. Rick commented on CapEx, and we went into the year with a $90 million plan, we’re at $80 million right now. But for the simple reason that we just can’t get access to the plants, either we can get access to the plant or the third parties that might be helping us with the equipment installations. So we went from $90 million to $80 million. The other thing is part of that dip of $10 million was related to IT projects. Same issue there is limited access. As far as the trends go, I mentioned that some of the trends that I think are going to help us. One is cleaning, and obviously, we have some really strong brands there, not just ARM & HAMMER and XTRA, but we also have OXICLEAN. So OXICLEAN had a really big month of March and also strong in April. The personal wellness is next. So we – obviously, we have two plants, two captive plants that make Gummy Vitamins, obviously, in great demand right now. So naturally, you would think the consumer before are more interested in the Gummy Vitamins that are directed towards immunity or to help immunity. So that would be a destination for us. And the new grooming routines is the other one. People wanted to be camera ready. That certainly benefits FLAWLESS. So that would be on a destination for marketing dollars, to put more money behind that, because it is a new brand, and it’s one that we see a tremendous amount of opportunity and growth going forward, be another one to invest in.
Matt Farrell: Yes, that’s a good point. One of the things I mentioned is we always have the risk of the resurgence of the virus later in the year. And also you have upstream risk with – in the supply chain. So it’s not just our plants, but you worry about suppliers of raw packaging materials and also co-packers so we can make some investments to make sure that we have some redundancy across our supply chain. Should it resurge or get any worse later this year.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Yes. If you go back to 2009, our laundry shares were around 7.5%. And today, they’re 15%. So we’re much bigger in laundry than we were back in 2009. The shared donor over time has been the mid-tier laundry detergent, and premium has been winning and value has been winning. So consequently, we would expect that would continue over time. You saw Persil come into the high end, brought their product in from Europe, seeing an opportunity also presume it to grow share in the premium end.  And then on the other end, I talked about back in 2009, we weren’t even a national brand. We weren’t in all doors and all classes of trade, even for ARM & HAMMER. So we’re way, way stronger today and more recognizable as a brand. And I always say we have the unfair advantage of being the only advertised value brand. So I think we’re positioned for growth and value long term.
Matt Farrell: Yes. We moved really quickly in March to move Q2 out to the second half, because we could see what was coming. So that tend to be a – it was clairvoyant on our part to make that decision.
Matt Farrell: No. I think we’re focused on our categories, the three categories that I mentioned. Vitamins wiped that in March. And so – and that’s a big part of the shipment increase in 2,000 – pardon me, in April. But consumption is way up. We did that use up study. We learned that consumers are taking far more vitamins than they were a month ago. So it’s – I wouldn’t say it’s going to take until Q3. That would be a long way out. We’ve got two months to go here, Steve. So we would hope to, by the end of the quarter, to be – have resolved all of our issues in all classes of trade.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And your first question with respect to retailers building inventory. We don’t have anything conclusive on that right now, Steve. I did mention in my remarks that there’s the potential for the resurgence of the virus in the fall. The good news for us is that we have, for example, laundry, we have three laundry plants, and we have new capacity coming online right now. So we can build some inventory in anticipation of that to be even in a better position to take advantage of it were it to happen, the same is true with for vitamins having two captive plants. We can be – again, we can build inventory and we can be in a position should it resurge later in the year. So we like where we’re sitting right now, particularly with respect to those two trends: cleaning and personal wellness. And the other one as far as the new grooming and home trend, FLAWLESS, early days, looks like they’re well positioned as well. And even when everything opens up, I think people are still going to be doing a lot more Zooming and FaceTiming and using Teams going-forward. So there’ll be a need for that product as well. 
Matt Farrell: Yes. Olivia on some of the things – some of the brands I mentioned where that had positive consumption in April were OxiClean additives, our two vitamin gummies, Vitafusion and L’il Critters, FLAWLESS was up in consumption, ARM & HAMMER Unit Dose, Baking Soda and also oral analgesics all those had a positive consumption. And remember we did the – the studies we did with respect to the people who are using more, for personal care, we found the vitamins and oral analgesics which is Orajel were elevated. And we also found that laundry detergent, laundry additives and baking soda were all elevated as well. So that’s why I said in my remarks, you got to look at three things, shipments consumption and to the extent you can get it some use-up rates and it’s not scientific, but this give you some indication of which categories will the pantry loading worked off faster than others.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well look, I think, we haven’t had those sorts of discussions with retailers right now. If you look at some of the consumer trends and some of what’s written about consumers is that, well known brands and bigger brands are more likely to do better than less well known brands and so that’s a real good for us because as you know, we have 12 brands that are very recognizable that are number one and number two in their category. So I think bigger brands, well known brands will probably likely do better than the smaller ones right now, because people will trust the bigger brands.
Matt Farrell: Well, that’s the dream for sure. I think the ability to supply can influence the shelf space. So to the extent that you have voids and you have other competitors that may have difficulty in producing product or getting access to product we stand to gain. So for example, in laundry we get this new capacity coming on to extent through upsets for any of the smaller brands. We will be able to fill those.
Matt Farrell: Yes, we’re super excited about ARM & HAMMER CLEAN & SIMPLE, Andrea, thanks for asking. So that started shipping before we – the COVID-19 hit and we’ve have spread out, we’ve gotten actually more distribution at the one retailer in particular than we expected and also as a result of COVID that we were able to spread out even more, so that’s really good news. It’s still early. Obviously the retailer traffic in stores is way down.  So to the extent of spending money on the displays, et cetera, it’s probably not a good spin right now, but it is on trend, this is a detergent that has six ingredients and most detergents have 15 to 30. So we’re well positioned and on-trend for the consumer that believes less is more.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And we thought that providing some shipment information for April would be helpful so everybody can understand that kind of where we are. And that 8% number is the U.S. number. International is more around the 7% and even our specialty products businesses is running ahead for April. 
Matt Farrell: Yes. Okay, well, here’s, if we knew the answers to the following, which would be, what’s going to have with government shut down orders and how long will social distancing continue, quarantining in different parts of the country? Which retailers are going to remain close, when will they open? What will be the store hours? What kind of foot traffic do we think they’re going to have? And when a dental office is going to reopen? There’s just none of these questions have ever been asked, none of these conditions have ever occurred in a prior economic downturn. So we looked at those and we said there’s just too many other factors right now that are we can’t predict. So consequently, what’s the sensible thing to do is withdraw guidance.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I was with the company in 2009 and we did not withdraw guidance. And we have had a good year, I think company’s organic sales were 4.2% in 2009 and the U.S. business. I think that was up around 7% in 2009. So this is not just a more severe version of 2009, it’s different.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well in 2009, we had eight power brands, today we have 12 and the four that we added were BATISTE vitamins, WATERPIK and FLAWLESS. And if we just took those, we see vitamin is in terrific place to be right now compared to 2009. And 2009 was really pulled the train for us, was a value laundry detergent, because it was a big trade down. Right now we still have value laundry detergent, its way stronger than it was back in 2009. And we have vitamins, which is a second engine to help us pull the train through an economic downturn. Yes, it’s true that WATERPIK is down right now, big time because of the dental offices closures. But there is a therapeutic need for water flossers, so we think and expect that, that should start coming back. I don’t know when those dental offices will open up, those recommendations will start again, but that will happen at some point. FLAWLESS looks like in recent days, we could benefit from, obviously that was branded off to a rough start when we first purchased them. But we feel real good about the signs that we’re seeing more recently in the month of April. So when you have more brands and you have more categories, you actually spread your risk more. So we’re actually in – we think in a better position now than we were in 2009. We’ve got a lot more degrees of freedom and a lot more weapons.
Matt Farrell: Yes. That’s a great question, Bill. Yes, all of our marketers have been very busy adjusting all of our marketing messages to be a contemporary in recognizing the change in consumer behavior we have in advertising. Now that you can’t go to the salon, fill in the blank, now that you can’t go to the dental office, fill in the blank, right these are things that you have to communicate to the consumer that recognizes the circumstances that they’re in. So we’ve been racing to do that for all of our brands and because of consumers moving online we’re spending a lot more money, changing our digital messages and we think we’re probably going to spend more on digital media as a percentage of total this year than we have in the past.
Matt Farrell: Yes, I would say it’s a permanent change. It’s a permanent step up in online sales. I think a lot of people who had not purchased online were late adopters, have discovered it now because of quarantining and requirements to stay at home. Do you see a big uptick? Not just in online sales but also click and collect, so buy online, pickup in store is up huge as well. So these have all been discovered by consumers. So I think that’s a permanent change and we probably got a few years of development in a couple of months for online sales. So that’s good.  How – we would look at that as a good thing. In 2015, we had 1% of our sales online. Last year, 8%, this year will we had a target of 9%, we’ll probably well exceed that. So we’ve done a lot of work over the last few years putting ourselves in a position to be a formidable competitor in online and I think we are. So we think that we’re fine with that trend, should where we’re to happen.
Matt Farrell: Yes, I think we’re in a great position going forward. As I said earlier, we perform well in good times and in bad, we’ve got a terrific balance sheet, lots of cash, strong brands and we’re well positioned for what’s coming and we’ll talk to everybody again in August.
Rick Dierker: And the only thing I’d add to that Rupesh, there is about 20% of that business has been retailers have closed down. So when we say those consumption numbers, that’s even more impressive.
Rick Dierker: And I would remind you that our organic growth in 2009, not saying this is what it would be, but as an indication of how we do in recessionary times was about 7% for the domestic business.
Rick Dierker: And maybe one other one is just from a cash investment. We are investing a little bit more in capacity in the supply chain, right? We – I said in my prepared remarks about a new laundry capacity, we are looking at cat litter as well. We’re making sure that we’re well positioned for the future in this surge, laundry, litter and vitamins as an example.
Rick Dierker: And then also co-packers, right? I want to make sure we have backup supply, and so we’re also investing in our partners.
Rick Dierker: No, it’s a fair question, Lauren. I think it’s all about uncertain times. And I think in my prepared remarks, I said, we still expect to be levered less than two times by the end of the year, so you can infer what you want from that. But it’s really uncertain times, and we just put the cash on our balance sheet. We have no plans to do anything with it, and we’ll like to get repaid before the end of the year.
Rick Dierker: Well, Lauren, it’s Rick. I’d say we were only a few million lower in March than we had originally planned to be. Remember, Q1 is our lowest quarter of spend anyway. Usually, Q2 and Q3 are higher numbers for us. So it wasn’t that big of adjustment. And typically, we’re pretty nimble. So we were able to react pretty quickly in March.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I’ll take the second one first, it’s Rick. I kind of alluded to what the COVID costs were in the month of March, and that would include things like co-packer upcharges or structural stuff like that. The capacity structure like for laundry and for vitamins and for litter, those are CapEx investments that we would be making anyway. And some of them have already been completed or underway. We would just be moving the time line up on some of those things. So yes, the – I don’t think we’re ready to really frame out exactly how big that would be. I would just tell you that it was $3 million or $4 million in the month for March. And one aspect of that happened to be some co-packer upcharges, along with cleaning costs, higher labor costs internally, donations, even our revolver fees are thrown into that. So that’s the second question. 
Rick Dierker: Yes. Well, you know, one thing Olivia is you’re kind of assuming that all categories are fully pantry loaded. And what Matt said in his prepared remarks, I thought were good comments, like for some of our big categories like laundry and vitamins, it’s incremental consumption and you heard Procter, the other day say that about 20% of incremental laundry consumption, we would actually agree with that according to studies that we’ve seen. So part of it is, there’s incremental consumption and like in April we saw big spikes in consumption for laundry and we’re still seeing positive numbers in April. So that would tell you that the deloading isn’t really happening. So it’s real consumption for laundry as an example.
Rick Dierker: Here’s a great stat on baking soda, I think in March consumption was up 65% or 70%, in April it was still up 55% or 60%. So as you can see, it’s just a consumption and consumption and consumption.
Rick Dierker: As you would expect most of the conversations happening right now are about supply and stock and those types of numbers.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I know we tried to do a back of the envelope and it’s really a best guess is what I’ll caveat this as. But we would say for Q1, our outlook was 3% organic. We were tracking to probably 4% organic pre the outbreak. Our best guess is that part of the laundry, incremental sales in vitamins has incremental consumption in there. So maybe around 6% or so would have been organic in terms of consumption, driven with the virus and then the balance of that going to 9% would be the incremental for pantry loading, that’s just the back of the envelope and that’s our best guess.
Rick Dierker: And maybe one other comment on the pantry loading that we talked about last question Joe is, now for a lot of our value portfolio for lower income consumers, they don’t – they can’t afford to pantry load. So it really is a lot of consumption especially for the value brands.
Rick Dierker: And you were in New York, Andrea, you saw how bigger deal we thought it was and we think this is one of the biggest launches that we’ve done, period.
Rick Dierker: I mean that’s – it’s a pretty detailed question and we said we’re not going to give an outlook. I would just tell you if you did a math, and even if shipments are zero in May and June, you still have positive shipments for the quarter, that’s kind of what I would tell you. But again, we’re not going to get into the trying to forecast the next 30 days or 90 days because it’s just too volatile right now. We can just tell you retail inventories are low, they need to get back in stock, we’re going to have higher shipments and some of the Nielsen reporting that you might’ve – may have seen over the last couple of weeks was just flagging negative consumption and we wanted to say, well, that’s not really true. It’s actually slightly positive because of all the untracked channels that there’s not visibility to. So it’s actually a little bit better. 
Rick Dierker: Yes. If you would have seen this more like 2009 and it was higher unemployment or a financial recession we would have definitely just kept guidance out there.
Rick Dierker: And then in terms of hedging, I said in my prepared remarks, I think we’re about 60% hedged in 2020. And we’re about 25% hedged for 2021, but you’ll likely see us not do a lot of incremental hedging in times like this as best to let demand play its course to see what happens to the commodity market.
Rick Dierker: Yes, it’s a fair question. A little bit of what Steve said or asked, I’ll start with that first. We’re 25% hedged to 2021 and we’re not going to layer on in our opinion much more hedges because it’s really a demand game right now for those markets and demand is down. So we’re going to wait and see how those commodities shake out. But by and large, I’ll give you some examples, oil is down 50%, but ethylene is down 9% and HDPE is flat, Polypro is down 7%, that’s just spot pricing from February to March. And that just shows – what we’ve said for a long time is, it’s disconnected from oil unless oil stays down for a long time. So when I say long time, four to six months. So that could be a tailwind, but we have to wait and see how that plays out.
