James R. Craigie: Good morning. I want to welcome all of you who took the time, thankfully, to come visit us today in the boardroom of the New York Stock Exchange. I want to thank those listening to our call. I am so excited today, I can't tell you. I have been waiting 6 months for this day. For 6 months, I've had to listen to chatter from our competitors about what they're going to do in 2014. And for 6 months, I've had to bite my tongue because I didn't want to tip off my competitors. I come from a world where you don't tip off your competitors even for 30 seconds. You don't give them any advance notice. Well, today's D-Day for Church & Dwight. Today, we're going to announce the onslaught of new products that we're going to launch this year. It's the greatest launch of new products in the history of our company. I know you heard -- some heard me say before, every year is great. Well, this is truly the greatest. We have never before launched a great new product across every one of our major categories. So today, we get the joy of telling you and telling the world about these great new products. So let me start our presentation today. Safe Harbor Statement, a lot of words, basically says, if you go ahead and buy the stock based on what we say today, which includes forward-looking statements, proceed at your own risk. I think you're very smart to proceed. Opening remarks. Let me give you a New York minute about what you're going to hear today and then capsulize it. Number one, you're going to hear we had very solid Q4 results. We're exiting the year with great momentum. Two, that capped off a great year, our 13th consecutive year of double-digit EPS growth. I think 2013 was awesome, gang, 9% revenue growth, 80 basis point increase in gross margin, 30 basis point increase in higher marketing spending, 30 basis point decline in our overhead cost, 80 basis point increase in operating margin, 14% increase in EPS, 6 of our 9 power brands grew share. Gang, that's 7 for 7. That's hitting it out the park. A great 2013. And again, Matt will give you the details, but we exit the year with great momentum. The Avid acquisition is exceeding all of our expectations, another great acquisition by our company. So we've stepped back and said, "Okay, great history, a lot of stuff going on in 2014 from our competition. We can crawl into a shell and just play prevent defense." We didn't believe that. We're playing to win. We're coming out to win with a very aggressive but achievable plan. I mean, our numbers, some companies would step back and say, "Well, pullback, invest, invest." Well, we're investing, but we're also delivering 6% to 10% EPS growth, which based on the rest of the competitive industry is top-quartile results. So we're playing to win. We're investing. We're still delivering great results. I've said it before, it's the largest new product pipeline ever in our company. And we're evolving it, too, on our marketing side. We've always had our 8 power brands, 9 with vitamins. We're evolving to 4 mega brands, slight evolution, not revolution, evolution of spending more money on our 4 biggest brands, which will deliver great results. We're off to a good start. It's early. We have strong retailer acceptance of all of our great products, but we don't know final shelving. We don't know final pricing. We don't know final consumer takeaway. So there's a lot to be known. That's why we have a range right now. We're doing a massive onslaught, but there's a lot we don't know yet out there, which makes us come with a range out on the year. And we're not foregoing acquisitions. We're aggressively pursuing additional acquisitions. A pretty hot pipeline out there. And that's all I can say on that today. So with that, let me bring Matt up here to tell you how we finished 2013. Here's Matt.
James R. Craigie: Alice, we'll only get a partial quarter benefit of volume from the new products that is beginning to ship, so we take the full shot on slotting in the first quarter, so that's what Matt's saying that's having a drag on the organic number. But the second quarter, we'll have the full benefit of a quarter's worth of volume from that, and actually a reversal. You only have a slighter drag in the second quarter from continued slotting for the accounts that are later getting out there. Your second question, and then I'll ask Mr. Schmitz.
James R. Craigie: It's a tough one. Our objective on OxiClean detergent is to offer the performance of the leading brand at about a 20% discount. And again, you're right. They have different forms. And in the end, we don't control pricing. The trade mix makes the pricing decisions. Procter has announced a kind of an implicit price increase. They've taken ounces out of their Tide line, and held the price, so that's going out also in the marketplace. So right now, and that's all just beginning to happen on shelf. So I honestly can't give you, at this point in time, an exact price per load answer like that. We need to see what happens on the shelf and how the retailers price the product and what happens. So -- but our goal was to be about a 20% lower on price, but equal performance, so that's kind of the target. That's what Church & Dwight is all about, great performance at a great value. So we think we have a great new laundry detergent. We want a piece of that premium tier, so offering that great performance but at a better value.
James R. Craigie: No, there's just more. It's just more. We've never launched this many new products in the year to start with, so it's just the magnitude of the number of launches we're doing versus past years, that's it. It's not earlier, it's just more.
James R. Craigie: No, I would dispute your numbers. The POD category, unit dose, as we call it, has leveled off at about 9%. I would expect it to up go a little bit with launch of gains [ph], new POD product out there, but still probably end up around 10% to 11% of the category. We're a player in that. We're in a powder POD. We have seen no issue with consumers accepting the powder side of it. And the second -- and then it's so -- one thing, honestly we've been deficient at is, we don't have larger size packages of the POD. So you're going to see that from us next year. We have more than our fair share of the smaller size of the category. We don't have a larger size, so we're going to be launching more of that, but it is -- it's here to stay. It's found a niche out in the business place. It's again, 9% now, maybe 10% or 11% in 2014. Let's not forget, liquid is 75% of the laundry category, so we're going to be competitive in POD, so our focus is getting back and growing the liquids side of the category. Again, that's 3/4 of consumers want liquid. That's where we're going to put our focus in the business. So a good question, but I think we feel fine on that, and we're going to fix the deficiency we have on larger size PODs out there.
James R. Craigie: It's literally an age-old thing. The -- still the predominant number of retailers demand a slotting fee to take on a new product, whether it sells more or less, that's -- their attitude is, that's your problem.
James R. Craigie: It could. That's where final shelving is one of the big things we don't know yet. We know -- I could show you a chart, I won't, but I could show you a chart, we've got great, very good acceptance, they want the product. Whether it takes the place of our product, where there's incremental shelving, is still to be determined out there. We feel good, but we don't know. We don't control that. And we -- the retailers are often dealing with new products from competitors and that, so -- the next step is what the shelving on the set. The set after that is how do consumers react to that all. So 2 big decisions to come, we literally -- again, because we don't control it, we've made very compelling cases, so they like the product, we feel very good that they've accepted all these new products. We don't know whether it's just going to be -- one in, one out as they say, or that we get incremental shelving from these things. We're still waiting to see it answered, and then bottom line, how the consumer reacts. Still to come.
James R. Craigie: Yes, I want to emphasize a point I mentioned too, 25% of all employees' bonus in Church & Dwight is based on the hitting the gross margin target. We studied incentive compensation structure. Of all of our competitors, nobody else has gross margin as the specific bonus target. We started that about 5, 6 years ago. It's been a key driver of our great results, so trust me, you have every employee in Church & Dwight focused on gross margin. It's as important a driver as the revenue. It's as important a driver of EPS. It's as important a driver of the cash flow. So that's what Matt said. It's an all-the-time focus on doing it, and people know. They can help us on gross margin. It generates better earnings, where we spend more on the marketing side. So I'll tell you, my marketing team, I think Bruce would agree with this, probably spend as much time working with operations on how to improve the gross margin as they do with their advertising agencies in how to improve the advertising, that's Steve's put on new products, because we made it, equally as important as that. And that's why we've had the great results I showed you on gross margin as part of our bonus structure. I'm actually amazed nobody else has it, because gross margin can drive a lot of opportunities in the company to be able to spend more money on marketing or drive more earnings on that. Other companies don't want to deal with it, but it's very, very -- we watch everything from trade promotion spending to how to cut cost in our products without degrading the quality, massive effort going on, 365 days a year. Next time, we're getting better acoustics in this room.
James R. Craigie: Well, I'd still say, we're kind of late announcing our earnings versus everybody else. 6% to 10% in my eyes, still puts us in the top quartile of what people are promising in earnings. And we get the same issues they all do with currency out there, the economy and everything else there. So we feel very comfortable that relative to our competition, our goal is always to be in the top quartile of earnings performance. So we feel 6% to 10% still puts us in the top quartile, deal with the same issues they're dealing and then, having to support all the launches which we're doing in our eyes more product launches across our portfolio than everybody else. So we still feel they're very good, we're top quartile performance, and we did say 6% to 10%, so stay tuned.
James R. Craigie: Well, we won't be able to top it as far as more launches, because we're launching every category this year. But don't forget, we'll only get about 3 quarters, maybe 50% of the year benefiting these new products. Next year, we get the full benefit of the new products. And one thing Steve Cugine's been charged with, we don't want just a 1-year wonder out of these products. He showed a chart earlier that 1/3 of our volume today is driven by the new products we launched the past 5 years. That's sticky factor. We want these products to stick, and to be able to build upon them going forward. So we get a full year benefit of all these product launches next year, without the hit of slotting fees that we put behind them out there. And we may launch different versions of these new products, as they stick and hit the ground. So the number of new products now, you couldn't possibly top what we're doing this year, in terms of number of new products, slotting fees should be less next year. And hopefully, we'll have a full year benefit of these new products going forward, because they are just awesome. They should really have some long-term stickiness and be able to grow share up in the marketplace.
James R. Craigie: Yes, the adult gummy category had certainly picked up with intensity. Products have been launched by major brands like One A Day and Centrum, but we welcome that. That's great news, because again remember my fact, only 3% of the adult category is gummies. 97% is hard pills. You see the guys who dominate the hard pill side, going to gummy, to me, it just tells adults, hey, gummies are great. As they come to gummies, we still feel we have the best tasting gummy product out there. I taste them myself all the time. The competitive product, some are brittle, like Skittles, some are not as chewy and sweet as ours. We really have some proprietary processing knowledge that I don't believe anybody else has, so. We're bringing people in. There's 97% of the business to be had. If there's more competition, it's only great to me, because it's just telling everybody, gummies are not a kiddie thing. They're for adults too, when you see the big brand names go out there and get into it. We do have manufacturing advantages. We're the only ones that make our own gummies. The other guys go through co-packers. So we have a lot more flexibility as to what we make, and to keep up with demand out there. And because we were first in the category, we have really strong relationships with the trade. They love us. They just love our products. We want to keep selling them. Our guys are doing a great job, coming out with new forms. I think this whole plus line, both the kids and adult side, is a very smart move. Because people, Steve said, the number was like -- 84% of people buy a multivitamin and then buy a supplemental vitamin for again, heart, bone, hair, skin and nails, we put them together. Now you just need to buy one product. And I'll tell you, it's not so easy to make a product that tastes great, and so it's the gummy form with some of the ingredients that are put into those, but our guys are just phenomenal. So it's a great testament, so -- but I welcome the competition. I really welcome the competition. I hope to sit here next year and say, the gummies' 10% of the category, because that means there's still 90% to go, but people are coming over. We're not happy until we see over half of all adult vitamins be in the gummy form, and we're still going to be a leader in that, so tremendous growth opportunity. Come on, way in the back.
James R. Craigie: And the gummy side, we definitely believe we can do double-digit growth. I mean we, over the course of 2013, we landed a lot of new distribution. That's one of the things in buying a company. This company's a very small company we bought. They didn't have our sales muscle out there, so our sales force has done a great job in getting the products that already had in better distribution, that we're launching a new plus line, I feel good. We're taking the advertising up 30-some percent. We promise you, we bought this business, it was only advertising about 6% of net revenue or 5% in advertising. We're now in the double digits on the advertising, having more than doubled the advertising spend in that category, so we feel good. Let me just end with one comment because you've been very patient and wonderful today. I'll just tell you, I mentioned earlier, about M&A market is very active on there today. You can't count on anything until the calorically challenged seller sings. So we're working hard on that, and -- but no promises, but it's more active than I've seen it in prior years, which is good news, and we have a lot money. We have a lot of dry powder out there, but we're very selective. We've always known if we find a great acquisition, we can grow it. We're not going to buy junk brands, old, dead brands that are not 1 or 2 in their category, but I'll just tell you we've been very, very active out there. But again, I can't promise anything. It's not built into our numbers, but the good news, is we have lots of dry powder. And also, we have the organizational time now. We're through the big absorption process of the gummy business. We're seeing a lot of focus to integrate into our systems, everything else. We're through that, and my team's hungry and ready for the next big acquisition. So let me -- if you have more questions, please give us a call later. Again, I thank you for your patience, and thank you, who came today. I thank you on the line who are listening. I can't tell you how I'm excited. I've been waiting for this day for 6 months, because I've been -- you've all been asking questions along the way, of what we're going to do, what we're going to do, and I just couldn't tell you, I didn't want to tip off the competition. Well, now, the cannon's been fired. We're going to have a great 2014. We're excited, and stay tuned. It will be great. Thank you, all.
Steven P. Cugine: Thank you, Jim. So Bruce and I are very excited to be here today. And we're going to talk about our 2014 new product innovation portfolio. There are 4 key takeaways from this presentation: One, Church & Dwight is built on corporate competency for new product innovation; two, new product innovation has been and will continue to be a critical driver of organic growth; three, innovation supports our mega brand growth drivers; and four, 2014 represents the most significant portfolio of new products in the company's history. So our primary driver of growth is new product innovation. Church & Dwight defines innovation success as new products that drive sustainable organic growth at accretive gross margins with a focus on our mega brands. What you see is our track record for successful new product innovation. The dedicated new products team was started in 2006. In 2013, new products launched by this team will account for $1.1 billion in gross sales and represents over 32% of CHD's consumer domestic sales. Our new products are very sticky and thrives in-market over time. We've created a fundamental capability for innovation at Church & Dwight. We started by separating new product development from brand management and future business from current. We added structure and governance by adding a staged gate management process and executive portfolio reviews just to name a few. We linked our business strategy and innovation strategies with technology strategies, further aligning new product marketing and R&D. We expanded our skills and innovation process knowledge. We had significant front-end training. The result, we have strong capabilities in both commercializing powerful line extensions and in qualifying significant future opportunities for growth by expanding our mega brands into adjacent categories. We believe that great innovation requires 7 critical success factors: One, focus. As Jim mentioned already, we focus on our 9 power brands, with our sharpest focus on our 4 mega brands. Number two, strategic alignment. We link business strategy to innovation strategy and to technical strategy. So we understand where to play and how to win. Number three, compelling consumer insights. Everything starts with the consumer. We started to understand their pain points, needs and desires. Number four, disciplined financial modeling. Unlike many consumer products companies, we manage innovation like it has its own P&L. We are responsible for incremental net sales growth and for accretive gross margins. This helps us to keep it real, improve forecasting accuracy and get rewarded for end market financial performance. Corporate teamwork, number five. Creating new products requires the expertise of every single function in the company, so we lead product teams for each project we deliver. Number six, development of winning products. R&D and consumer research tools are both used extensively at Church & Dwight to validate and optimize our launches. We have a great R&D team that develops products that exceed our concept expectations and wows consumers. Seven, superb execution in market. Sales and marketing come together to deliver incremental SKUs on shelf and great advertising to drive trial. We know that when we drive trial on these great products, consumers, in fact, love them. Following these 7 critical success factors, we've enjoyed great success in innovation at Church & Dwight. Before moving on to our 2014 innovation, however, I'm going to turn the presentation over to my partner in crime here, Bruce Fleming, our Chief Marketing Officer.
Steven P. Cugine: So we're going to focus on a category that has been the engine of growth for Church & Dwight for some time. In laundry detergents, nothing delights consumers like the fresh smell of just washed clothes. In fact, freshness is just about as important as value in the consumer purchase decision. Delivering freshness is what makes our new line of detergents stand out. Our answer to delivering freshness is ARM & HAMMER Clean Scentsations. This great new line is designed to deliver noticeably cleaner, whiter and vibrantly fresher laundry inspired by America's national parks. This line expands our portfolio into the highly fragrant segment, but does it in an ARM & HAMMER way. Bruce, over to you for the advertising.
Steven P. Cugine: Couldn't be more excited to talk about OxiClean's growth. We're going to take OxiClean into 3 major categories: the $7 billion laundry detergent category; the $1 billion auto dishwashing category; and the $800 million bleach category. So first, we'll turn our attention back to the dynamic laundry category. The #1 consumer frustration in laundry detergent performance is getting the tough stains out. Consumers want to be able to remove all types of stains the first time. So our answer is OxiClean Laundry Detergent. This great new product is specially formulated to lift out even tough dried-on stains the very first time, from blazing whites and brilliant brights at a meaningful value to the leading brand. Bruce will show you the advertising.
Steven P. Cugine: All right. Thanks, Bruce. The second new category we're going to talk about is auto dish. When phosphates were removed from auto dish detergents, it created a situation where consumers became dissatisfied. Category performance declined and consumers could no longer get the cleaning performance they wanted. OxiClean, with a strong heritage of getting tough stains out, is coming to consumers' rescue to tackle the toughest dishwashing jobs. Today, nearly 7 in 10 consumers still experience significant problems with existing auto dish solutions. Dried-on foods that don't come off, filming on glasses and baked-on stains are the top issues. This is why we created our new OxiClean detergent, with cleaning so powerful it eliminates the toughest stains, stuck-on foods, cloudy films and odors for crystal clear and clean dishes every time. Over to Bruce.
Steven P. Cugine: Okay, all right, okay. He's just an obstreperous guy, I can't really say much about him. Human resources and legal, Jackie Brova and Patrick, can you please help me out here? I want to get through this presentation, thank you. Thank you, everybody. Okay, can we run the advertising now, please? [Presentation]
Steven P. Cugine: Thanks, Bruce. We did indeed experience strong success with the launch of our new TROJAN lubricants line in 2013. The insight behind this launch is that lubricants don't have to be about solving a problem, but can be all about making good sex great. As we develop the launch, every product package and communication decision was grounded in consumer research. And with the combination of a great concept, great packaging and outstanding product performance, TROJAN Lubricants was created. The result? TROJAN is helping make good sex even better. We introduced this line of lubricants in early 2013, and consumers love it. We achieved a 7.4% dollar share of the lubricants market in Q4 of 2013, and we're poised for more growth with the launch of 3 new items. 2 items in the premium tier and 1 item in the value tier, Arouses & Releases, lotion activated superintensifier that heightens the whole experience. Simply Pleasure, 2 simple preservative-free ingredients, providing long-lasting lubrication. We're also launching one new product in the large value segment of the category called TROJAN Explore, a gel lubricant that delivers excellent lubrication. Bruce, I'll turn it back to you for advertising.
Steven P. Cugine: Thanks, Bruce. We learned that 84% of adult vitamin mineral and supplement users take a multivitamin plus at least one other product. Our answer to this insight is the introduction of Vitafusion multiplus line of gummy vitamins. These great-tasting gummy multivitamins contain all the essential vitamins and minerals you need, plus extra nutrition at the level recommended by the Institute of Medicine to support specific health needs. We are also introducing this multiplus approach to kids' vitamins, as you can see here. Li'l Critters, Gummy Vites, plus additional benefits of bone support, immune support and omega-3 DHA support. Now back to you, Bruce, for the advertising.
Steven P. Cugine: So for 2014, we couldn't be more excited about our portfolio of innovation. We have, for the first time, major news and new products in each one of our 4 mega brand categories: ARM & HAMMER, OXICLEAN, TROJAN and Vitamins. However, we don't have time here to go through all of our new products, but rest assured that we have great new news on Nair, FIRST RESPONSE and Orajel and XTRA. We're very excited today, as we have this analyst call to talk about how much our retailers appreciate and love our new products, and they voted with their feet. We have strong trade acceptance of all of our product items for 2014. So, in summary, I think you could see why we believe that Church & Dwight has built a corporate competency for new product innovation. The new product innovation has been and will continue to be a critical driver of our organic growth. Innovation supports our mega brands growth drivers. 2014 represents the most significant portfolio of new products in the company's history. This portfolio of exciting new products represents platforms for growth and innovation that will extend multiple years into the future. With that, I turn it over to Matt.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. Thanks, Steve. I see that Jim has been drinking water and coffee is not a good idea, Jim. I think we'll stick to water. I have the pleasure to talk about our brands, particularly ARM & HAMMER. It all began 150 years ago. And those of us who have been here over the last 8, 9 years have just had great pleasure in taking what we thought was a wonderful ship that just needed a little bit of polishing. But 150 years of focus and a renewed 8 to 9 years of focus have resulted in a very powerful brand. Today, ARM & HAMMER is over $1 billion in sales. And we think there's a lot of runway ahead. If you look since 2008, we've grown 44% or about 7.6% compound annual growth rate. You don't find many 150-year-old brands with that type of growth. In fact, you don't find many 150-year-old brands. But I think that speaks to the longevity and the staying power of this great equity. When we first started looking at the brand about 8 to 9 years ago as marketers rather than mere consumers, it is clear to us we had a fairly fragmented presentation to the consumer, and we needed to harmonize it. You've probably seen some of these slides before, but it's fairly obvious. And what we did is we returned to the heritage color of the 1860s. So we really look to the past to develop our future. And it was a good move. It's really grown the business and making it easy for consumers to see our products in every aisle of the store. We did the same thing with advertising. One of the first things, I know, Steve and I did is we talked to the retirees and sort of said, "How did you build this great company?" Of course, it was really quite a legacy that we have inherited. And everyone's answer kept going back to 1972, 1972. What did you do in 1972? Well, we advertised that people should put baking soda in the refrigerator. Steve and I looked at each other and we just sort of said, "Well, that's a novel idea." I don't think any amount of modern consumer research would have said that, that was a good idea, but it was. It grew the business and then about 4 to 5 months, I think about 80% of American homes had a box of baking soda in the refrigerator. And I went back and said, "Well, how did you get that idea?" And they said, "We found a pamphlet from the early 1900s that said, put a saucer with water and a teaspoon of baking soda on top of the ice in your ice chest and it will extend the life of the ice in your icebox." I think it was 1907. So we really didn't come up with the idea. We just went back to the past in order to grow the future. And that's exactly what we're doing today. And we continue to do, is that we have built a business based on the insights of the past and the strongest insights of those that are written in history. I think that if you looked at our advertising over the last 6, 8 years, it's been pretty workman-like. It's pretty much -- it's hard-working blue-collar, like many of us, like many of our consumers. And what was particularly interesting is that we went back to the original baking soda in the refrigerator, but yet, we created enough freedom of expression to advertise all the individual variants of the ARM & HAMMER brand. And you've seen that over the years. And you're going to continue to see that in the future. And over that time, we tripled our media investment. Jim alluded -- well, it's not only advertising. As you can see, we have a holistic campaign across all the important touch points that a true mega brand must touch, TV advertising, of course, print, radio. Public relations plays a big role. Mouth-to-mouth, person-to-person type of accolades about our product are really very important. Digital and social have been extremely important over the last few years. It's a problem solution type of business. And people who have an issue and they need a solution, they're online. And that's where ARM & HAMMER has been. You see a lot of YouTube videos. In fact, I think we've probably set a record for the most number of views for the smallest number of videos, as we benchmark ourselves versus competitors. Our merchandising has been really off the charts in terms of its impact with the renovation of our packaging line back to the old 1860s color. From an advertising perspective, Jim alluded to this, but on a brand basis, it probably is little known that we're the 24th largest advertiser in the United States. We looked at the mega brands that all exist in the United States, added up all the reported media that they spend across all their variants. And there's a rating 1 to 100 in terms of the ranking. So you can see where, we have a lot of good company, a lot of venerable brands that we respect that are both above and below us, but little ARM & HAMMER, little Church & Dwight who competes against people much bigger than us are able to create scale to our voice by focusing our efforts. And that's what Jim has talked about. That's what he's preached. And that's what we've done.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay, Steve. So it's easier to develop very persuasive advertising when you've got a great product like the one that Steve and his team -- our teams put together with the help of R&D and everybody else. The problems are big problems. We provide a real solution. And if you have a cat and you haven't tried this product, I think we have some coupons. I can give them to you as you leave, but it's a great product. And Steve's focus groups, we had to pay for the focus groups, the people were just so compelling that we decided that the best way to advertise this product would be to show real consumer reaction to this wonderful product. So we've tested this advertising like we test all our advertising. I think I've told Jim we have had more advertising tests in the field in the last 6 months than I've seen anywhere in my career for the number of brands that I've had responsibility for. And the advertising you're about to see is going to be -- I'll let you judge for yourself. And I'll tell you the results. If we could roll the tape, please? [Presentation]
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. So if you don't have a buy in our stock, if you look under the table, there's a litter box right next to you, but no doubt, you didn't smell it. The testing of this was really great. It's gratifying. It's the top 20% of commercials in the industry database that most of our competitors use and we use -- it's wonderful that all the hard work is able to be presented to the consumer in a persuasive way. So we're expecting big things this year on cat litter. Now Steve's going to talk about laundry detergent.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. So our challenge is pretty clear. We needed to dial up the freshness, especially because that is a consumer driver for some of the -- our competitive brands, less so for ARM & HAMMER, but we certainly developed a product that delivers. So the advertising, you're going to see, does communicate that message. And as Steve said in an ARM & HAMMER way, we're actually donating royalties to America's national parks as a percentage of sales. And there's nothing -- there's no better way to celebrate an iconic American brand than to support our national parks. And the scents actually, as Steve said, were inspired by them. And I'll let you judge for yourself. And like all the products this year, it's guaranteed or your money back. So we are really stressing performance and also putting our money where our mouth is. So if you could roll the tape on this one. [Presentation]
Bruce F. Fleming: Now this advertising also ranked in the top 20% of the database for the industry for all laundry detergents. So we've got some powerful advertising to support all the good work Lou Tursi and his team have done in getting us distribution. So I'll hand it over to Steve to talk about oral care at this point.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. I'd like to talk about the advertising. And I think we have a demonstration that we wanted to show as well. [Presentation]
Bruce F. Fleming: We're very excited about this launch. And as you can see, Sully is as well. We're going to now talk about dishwashing.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. I'm hoping I can get through this presentation, but I'm not entirely sure that I'll be able to with Sully upsetting it.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay, I think 74% of consumers who saw that ad said they'd definitely or probably would buy it, so it's very high rating. Again, very high persuasion scores, in the top 20% of the dishwashing database. Very excited about it. Talk about bleach now.
Bruce F. Fleming: Yes, that's an important point. We're very fortunate we were able to get placement now of OxiClean in the bleach aisle, and I think it's going to be a positive win for both consumers and retailers. And 2014, across all our OxiClean variants, we can expect to see our advertising increase by 53%, and that's a pretty big number when you consider that we're the #2 laundry advertiser in the United States. It's what you do, what you have to do, when you're small, and what you have to do when you have a wonderful equity like OxiClean. Okay, I'm privileged to talk about our third mega brand, which is TROJAN. For 90 years, it's been known for trusted protection, and over the last 5 years, you've seen us introduce a lot more elements to the brand equity, especially those revolving around pleasure. So it's not only a product for protection, it's a product for enhancing people's sexual health and sexual lives. We've added products in that manner. We've also added communication that reinforces both those points. If you look over the last 5 years or so, there's been decent growth, but I believe we can do better, and that's why we’re introducing products into other segments. Steve's going to talk about innovation right now.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. So this year's tagline, TROJAN. Real. Good. Sex. I guess that's pretty simple. Clearly, it's been an evolution for us. We're going to continue to experiment with our communication, as I've said. And what we're trying to do is normalize the discussion about something that happens every day, and it's often about things people don't want to talk about, but we want to try to shape the discussion so it's in a positive manner. So what you're going to see, I'm going to show you the ad campaign across the 3 different products in our line. Some of you may really like it, some of you may say, it makes me uncomfortable, but that's exactly what we want to do. We want to be provocative, and that's what TROJAN will always try to do in order to build the business. Could you roll the tape, please? [Presentation]
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay, let me talk about our fourth mega brand, which is our Vitamin business. This has been a fantastic acquisition. It's been great to work on, great to understand. I think, when the day is done, sometime in the future, it's going to be a case study for incredibly wonderful success in building a category and building segments of the category. We bought this business, it's already been growing rapidly. The Li'l Critters business, parents grew up loving Li'l Critters and their kids loving Li'l Critters, because some vitamins are hard to take. And some vitamins are easy to take, and Li'l Critters and Vitafusion are easy to take. They had an insight into the gummy form, and within 10 years, became market leader in the kids segment. It's our job to make that success happen in the adult segment as well. All those parents, they grew up loving Li'l Critters for their kids. And since 2008, there's been some very wonderful growth. I mean, 31%, 32% compounded annual growth rate, you don't see this type of growth often. So when we had the opportunity to buy it, we jumped on it. I'd like to talk a little bit about packaging, because as a marketer you always have to tinker with the packaging. But in this case, there's a strategic intent here. When we bought the business, we saw that they had a trademarked tagline, they really had never used, which was, "We make Nutrition Taste Good." And it really was a unique -- its own proposition for these businesses. So how were we going to try, over the next couple of years, to link these businesses, the Li'l Critters and Vitafusion businesses, so that they can build upon one another? One way is in a very small way, but in a very prominent way, right on the package, every day when they open the jars and they recognize that this is just not something that they do routinely. They look forward to their vitamins because it tastes good. So Steve's now going to talk about the innovation that we have for this year.
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay, well we've got a great product, with great taste, and we just have to make people know about it, try it. Once they try it, we know they love it. So our targeting exercise here is really relatively easy. We've got an incredibly loyal amount of parents who have grown up with this brand over the last 10, 12 years. And now they're reaching the age where they need to think about their own health. In fact, they're not giving care to their kids, but they have to start giving care themselves, maybe getting care to their parents. So as caregivers, they start thinking of, "What else can I do, to make my life a better, healthier life?" And Vitafusion should be the answer, if we do our job well. I'd like to show the advertising. Could you roll the advertising, please? [Presentation]
Bruce F. Fleming: Okay. So as you can see, we're beginning to try to tie the businesses together in a way that makes sense logically, and can hopefully build upon one another. They're great products, which we're convinced that if we get the adults, who have cared for their kids to use it, that it would be successful. Here's an opportunity for adults to love the product for their own good health, for the same reason they love the product for their kids' health. Nothing fancy about that advertising, very straightforward, very database, but tested very well, and we know that's it's communicating -- it's communicating well. And as a result, we're putting our money where our mouth is. As Jim has told you about your focus, our focus has been relentless. We're going to spend more than 37% -- 37% more on our vitamin advertising to drive that growth, which is already extraordinary. Go ahead, Steve.
Anthony Sullivan: OxiClean, powered by the air you breath and activated by the water you and I drink. Boy, am I excited to be out of the laundry room and in the boardroom. It's mother nature approved. Look at that. It makes your whites whiter and your brights brighter. And if you think that's good, I've got some big news for you that are here today, OxiClean is introducing OxiClean Laundry Detergent, 4x more powerful, it gets your whites whiter, your brights brighter, takes out grass stains, clay stains, ketchup stains, mustard stains. It will take the Chief Marketing Officer's stains out. It will even take Steve's stains out. Coming to you this year only from OxiClean. That's about all I got for you right now, Bruce.
Anthony Sullivan: But wait, there's more. If your dishes are covered and are kind of clean, barely clean or are sort of clean, guess what you need. OxiClean Extreme Power Crystals. This is the glass done with the old stuff. This is the glass done with new OxiClean Extreme Power Crystals. You can get it in liquid or pack. It's coming to a grocery store near you. So don't do your dishes without using brand-new Extreme Power Crystals from OxiClean. We're not just taking over the laundry room. We're taking over the dishwasher as well. I'm pretty excited about this whole thing.
Anthony Sullivan: But wait, there's more! It's no secret that bleach can ruin your clothes. It will damage your socks, it will leave your socks yellow and dingy. We actually had to use coffee today from the boardroom to make sure it worked. If you've got ink stains on your shirts or [indiscernible], turn to the power of where is it, new OXICLEAN White Revive. It cleans like bleach without the damaging effects of chlorine. In fact, I'm so convinced that it's so good that I guarantee, Mr. Bruce Fleming, Steve Cugine, and even our CEO, Mr. Craigie, please show me how white your socks are, please, gentlemen? Powered by the air you breathe, and activated by the water you and I drink. This is probably the only time I'm ever going to do this, so I'm going to soak it in, OxiClean, the stain specialist. It gets the tough stains out, and it's not clean unless it's OxiClean. All right! Let's hear it one more time, it's not clean unless it's OxiClean.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Okay. You couldn't have sat through that presentation and not feel like there's something different about this year for Church & Dwight. So right, the numbers. Okay. So let's start with the 2014 outlook. So 3% to 4% is a very familiar target for us, so for top line organic growth. That excludes acquisitions, it excludes foreign currency. Gross margin, you see is flattish. As you heard Jim say, we do have a robust continuous improvement program called Good to Great. That's functioning well within the company. So absent the sliding that we talked about in the release, we would expect gross margin to have been up in 2014. Marketing is going to be flat, so it's going to be around 12.5%. That's where we ended 2013. We're expecting a lot of leverage from SG&A, and you see the operating margin up 80 basis points. Now between operating margin and EPS, you got taxes, interest, JV and others. So taxes, tax rate is expected to be higher, 2014, 34.5%. So that's a bit of a drag. On the other hand, the interest is going to be flat, but the JV income and other, expected to be up year-over-year, so that's all kind of baked into that range of $2.96 to $3.07. And as a result of raising the dividend, you can see we're at a 1.9% yield approximately right now. Okay, here's the history for organic sales, 3% to 4% is what we're targeting for 2014. And you can see we have 2% for '13, not necessarily happy with that result, and you can see innovation is going to drive the return to 3% to 4% in 2014. Here's the range, it's $2.96 to $3.07. And just -- I want to spend a minute or 2 on that. You saw in the release that we have $12 million year-over-year investment in slotting, so that alone is a 2% drag on EPS. Second thing is we talk about currency, we're different than lots other CPG companies. We're more U.S. centric, but we do have a drag and a bigger drag in '14 versus '13. So that's about a 1.5% drag on our EPS. So those 2 are both baked in there. And then you can see at the bottom of the slide, I don't know if you can read it, the range is influenced by retail distribution and a consumer acceptance of the new products. So retailers are jazzed about the new products, but what's unclear, obviously, is going to be the planograms and then of course, consumer acceptance. So that's going to be the wildcard and that's going to come clear as we move through the first quarter, and by the time we talk to you at the end of the first quarter. Okay, 11% increase in dividends we announced today, and just going to wrap on what we heard. So we had a solid fourth quarter. We're at 13 consecutive year of double digit growth. The Avid acquisition is just raging. We were up 20% net sales in 2013, and we expect double digit growth again in 2014. Playing to win, as Jim said, we've got an aggressive but achievable plan, and we have our largest new product pipeline ever. And as opposed to the past, we talked about the power brands a lot, and you're going to hear us talking about the 4 mega brands now going forward. And like I said, we're off to a good start with the retailers. We'll find out more about planograms as we move through the quarter. And we have a lot of firepower, as we described earlier, generating lots and lots of cash, and we're always on the hunt for new acquisitions. And with that, we'll take your questions.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, I'm going to disappoint you, Bill, with respect to the share count. So this flexibility in the amount of the shares and the timing, which we would actually buy shares back. This year, we haven't bought any shares so far, for the first month of the year, but we do intend to buy some, but it is a multi-year program. So we'll update everybody when we -- end of the first quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, when -- at midpoint of the year, you may recall we had a 3% to 4% target for full year, and we took it down to 2%. And when we did that, we made plans to put a lot more trade promotion out in the second half. So that was in a knee-jerk in the fourth quarter, something we made the decision in the middle of the year. So if you went back and looked at the first couple of quarters, you'd see that, actually, the price mix is pretty tepid in Q1 and Q2, and was big in Q3 and Q4, and that's because we were disadvantaged on shelf, particularly in the litter category, and we had to correct that in the second half.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, if you look at that -- we saw, what was the fourth quarter, we saw about a 5% volume and about 3% negative price mix. You expect to see something like that in the first quarter, it's #1. Number 2, it's 1% organic growth, is what you saw in the release for Q1. There's a 200 basis points drag from trade, coupons and slotting, in that number. So you've got a big boat anchor around the top line number. And if you look at the gross margin, which is, we were projecting it to be down 100 basis points, it's more -- there is more than 100 basis points of hurt from the 3 items I just mentioned, slotting, trade and coupons. So -- and you would expect that, and when you -- with all innovation that we talked about today, you would expect it to be a big investment in the front half of the year, and that's why, I mean and some people wrote that we have it back in a year from an EPS standpoint, not at all concerned about that, because we're putting investment up front.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, it's a tough question, Bill. Because the category is starting to show little improvement. It was as bad as 4% down in the first half of 2013. It was down about 2.5% down in the back half of 2013, the fourth quarter. There's pluses and minuses going on. I think the launch of OxiClean could be a plus in the category, more of a premium price. You can probably assume that Tide simply will pull pricing down, because as Tide users switch, and I think I heard Procter say they thought as much as 40% of the users of Tide simply would come from base Tide. Well, that's about a 40% price decline from the base, so that will be a drag on the category. But honest, we don't know yet. I -- it's a very -- it's one of those questions -- I've said it before, where's the source of volume for the brands, what happens to the category. We're trying to grow the category, we're trying to bring innovation to the category, both with ARM & HAMMER and especially innovation on OxiClean out there and that, so. We're trying to grow the category, and we're not the ones driving the price down, so we want to see that category grow again. So that will be good for everybody, good for the retailers and good for us.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. Well, you know that we make a big deal out about sales per employee, and overhead controls is a hallmark of Church & Dwight. And Jim had a slide, he had a few examples up there, of some things that are going on within the company. So for example, you saw a new health care program. We're probably one of the few large corporations that have moved to private exchanges immediately from 2014. A lot of people just kind of looking at it. We've always been very aggressive with respect with how we manage our health care costs. A couple of years ago, we went through a consumer-directed health care cost where the first $1,500 is paid for entirely by the company. So it would incent the employee not to actually get to the threshold. So you'd be more deliberate about how you spend your money. So information systems are up there, so the Avid business that we brought on, we went live mid-year on July for that entire business without a hitch, and we carried more people than we needed in the first half of the year and that kind of peeled off in the back, have a full year benefit next year. We also have a no headcount plan for 2014. So that 4,200 number you saw for headcount is what I'm looking for, for the end of 2014. And if you go back to last year, if you said, when I was up here, talking about 2013, we actually were calling at the time, a gross margin of flat. We turned out to be up 80 basis points, and then we spent 30 back on marketing. And at the time we were thinking, we're going to get the entire operating margin expansion from SG&A, we turned out, that we needed that. But this year, that's where the focus is, is on SG&A.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: The other question was, where is the end of the road for Good to Great? And in our company, there's no end to that road. So if you look at what happened in 2013, we had somewhat benign commodity inputs. And so the efforts of the Good to Great folks popped, right, at 80 basis points, so it's margin expansion. And the fact that we were able to hang on to our margin for the last wars is a tribute to the Good to Great program. Now, we can't depend on commodities being benign. In fact, we're expecting some moderate inflation in '14 versus '13, more than we saw at '13 versus '12, and it's also baked into our assumptions. But I would say, we always approach Good to Great over a 36-month period, and we can only de-bottleneck in a linear fashion. Once you de-bottleneck one thing, or you improve something, something else becomes the next target. So I wouldn't call out a number and say, okay, this is the maximum we can get to, so I wouldn't underestimate the talents of the people. Wouldn't try to gripe, but we approach it every year, we're going to try to expand gross margin.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, on the buyback front, just recall, when we have $0.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, so that's probably our high watermark, for us. And as we continue to grow the amount of the free cash flow we generate annually, we have -- we need outlets for the cash, right? So there's a couple ways to go: dividends, buybacks and acquisitions. And being a BBB+ rated, we have access to the capital markets. The reason it's a $500 million program, is we had remaining $220 million on our existing program. So rather than have another small program, we extinguished that, and so let's have one $500 million, multi-year. And the Evergreen program that we announced, was in addition to that, that's simply to remove share creep. So last year, there were 1 million shares that were exercised, so you could expect about 1 million plus shares on an annual basis that we would be acquiring under the Evergreen program. The $500 million is there to reduce the total amount of shares outstanding, some of which we will do this year. We just haven't -- we haven't said anything about the timing or the amount.
Unknown Analyst: And secondly, so now with the greater focus there and the timeline that you set out, as far as the new product innovation, would it be reasonable to assume -- and actually let me take a step back. One of the other things we mentioned was the use of money-back guarantees on some of the products. I just wondering if you can take us through. There seems to be a lot of confidence in these products, but it seems to be something relatively new for you as a company, so I wanted to get some thoughts on that.
Unknown Analyst: Question. The $12 million increase in slotting fees, I thought slotting fees across retailers are coming down as there's traffic shifting to online and whatnot, so what's that $12 million getting you? Because I know you commented that you're not sure whether you get incremental shelf space or not for the new products.
Unknown Analyst: And then just, on the advertising, you talked about huge increases, percentage-wise for OxiClean and for Avid. I think those were the only 2 numbers you gave us. But overall, advertising is flat. So what -- where is it coming down? Which brands are pulling...
Unknown Analyst: And it just seems significant that you've had all these years of double digit earnings growth, and this is the year where you're not necessarily expecting that. That just seems like a big change.
