Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah, before we open up the line for questions, I just want to take a minute to talk about pricing because I know it's on everybody's minds. So gross margin pressure has been felt across many industries over the past 12 months. We certainly have had our share of commodity and logistic cost increases and we have shared with you our actions to contain those costs, continuous improvement programs, hedging promotional efficiencies, just to name a few. Raising price is the other side of the equation, it's been top of mind this earnings season. So as you know, many CPG companies have already announced their intentions to take pricing to help offset their cost increases. We have reviewed our categories to determine if list price increases are cost justified and would deliver a positive financial result for both our company and for our retailers. And like our competitors, we have determined that in certain categories, pricing actions are necessary to help offset our cost increases. We are in the process of discussing those decisions with our retailers right now. We will not be going into specific details in this call in order to allow time for discussions with our retail partners to take place. But, we will report back with details in early November. We'll now open the line for your questions.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah, well, it's difficult for me to comment on Henkel's strategy, but if you look at where the money is being spent, there's a significant amount of product sold on deal for Persil on the high-end, the same for Tide. So those guys are slugging it out at the high-end of the category and obviously you have to pay for that. So you could say that they're shifting some of the spend from their deep value brands which would be Purex and Sun and shifting it to Persil. I can't comment on whether or not that's going to continue. We have both XTRA and ARM & HAMMER both grew consumption in the second quarter, in fact, all three brands were up. So I would agree with you that ARM & HAMMER has a lot of runway for many years to come, it has been the banner brand for this company, it's a $1 billion brand if you add all the categories. It's the only advertised value brand. So we have so many things going for us that suggest that the train is going to keep on running in the future. And, OxiClean we're encouraged by as well because it has its all-time high share, 1.9, in the quarter. As you know we've been trying to make inroads there into more of the premium end of the category. And XTRA – you remember XTRA last quarter stopped its slide, so it grew consumption last quarter and this quarter. So all three brands are clicking right now. So we feel real good about the laundry category.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. Well look, when it comes to activity in pricing, it's really a broader issue. So, it all goes back to pressure on gross margins. So, you know, cost increases have been seen for raw impacting inputs pretty broadly and you got a tightening labor market. So wages can also be a contributing factor. So, you got a lot of things going against you and everybody is dealing with this. And productivity gains have been outrun by cost increases and that's why you're seeing people reaching for – for pricing finally. And the commodity pressure has led to two quarters of year-over-year decline in the amount sold on deal. I don't think that's coincidental, that, I think that will likely continue. And I think the need for profits will likely result in greater reluctance to even deal back price increases once people implement them.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: And back to your question on the launch of Tide Simply unit dosed. So the unit dose category grew 4.3% in the quarter. I think it's the fourth consecutive quarter that unit dose as a category has grown less than 5%. And if the short answer is to how are we doing is, ARM & HAMMER unit dose grew 28% in the quarter. So I would say that the Simply Tide launch has not slowed down our growth.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. And something else just to keep in mind, we've seen this phenomenon before. Sometimes, we have a front-end loaded year and the way we manage the business is to deliver on the EPS call that we gave in February. So to the extent that we're out running that, we're going to be able to spend it back.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. Well, yes, the business has been, was growing well in 2017 and it's growing high single digits this year. And the formula is that 60% of the purchases are based on a hygienist or a dentist recommendation. And that continues, and one thing we've done is we've expanded the number of hygienists that we have calling on dentists in the United States with great success. That would be one element. The second element is international, this is just a huge opportunity internationally, and we're beginning to establish in a small way the hygienist program in other countries. And that's going to bear fruit for us for years. With respect to the tariff, this is kind of a global comment. It's, the tariff, with respect to China, the current thinking is the exposure's mainly batteries and electronics, but it's not anything that's material right now. The new layers of tariffs could impact a broad range of products, materials, but it's something that we'll just be monitoring closely in the coming months. But so far the stuff that is in place wouldn't have a material effect on us. And just while we're on the topic of tariffs, I know some people have some interest in Canada, and Canada, with Canada's retaliatory tariffs were a larger issue for some of our competitors because it's a very broad list of categories, including things like shaving products, automatic dish washing, products for deodorizing rooms, skin care products. For us, it had a minimal impact essentially on deodorizing products, so like Fridge Fresh would be one that would be caught up on that, it's like a 10% tariff. But really Canadian retaliatory tariffs and Chinese retaliatory tariffs are immaterial right now.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. Well, look, Bill, we're still fighting an uphill battle there, because you know we have formidable competitors there in both Tide and Persil. So we're still trying to make sure we have a sustainable beachhead going forward. And it has been, use the word lumpy, it's been a bit of a seesaw. We're up 1.9% one quarter, you're down – your share is 1.5% the next quarter, so we're still trying to break through there and we do that through both coupons, digital coupons, et cetera. So I wouldn't say that we're declaring victory right now.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that, Steve, is we've been jumping around here between Kimberly in paper products and back to Tide and detergent. I think, you know, when you are looking at a company, you have to look at what are the categories that we're in; we're in 15 categories. So, on a weighted average basis, our categories have been growing, you know, close to 3% for several quarters now. And, you know, that's what's, makes it so buoyant for us. And you know Rick's right in that, you can look at how, what the laundry war is going on in the premium end, but it's not going on in the value end.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, look the – here's what I can say. I mean this is internationally we have raised price already in 2018 in emerging markets; that would be places like Mexico and Brazil as well as our Latin export markets, and that's both for household and for personal care products. So, that's one thing I can tell you that's been in place in 2018. I wouldn't make any comments about 2019 or even second half changes for international. But look, the U.S. is 80% of our business, right. So obviously it's going to be a pretty important lever to affect price increases in the U.S., but no comment on percentages or categories.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, you know what, we're starting to play 20 questions. So, no – good try, Joe. But I think we really don't want to comment any further that. We really want to give ourselves a chance to have our conversations with retailers.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, actually there have been you know some new entrants. So for example you know J&J showed up with OGX, right, OGX dry shampoo. And I know in Germany, Nivea has got a dry shampoo that they launched. So, yeah, I mean it's attracting a lot attention. But you know the category grew, in the U.S. grew 33%. Our brand grew 36%, so this is even with new entrants, so...
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah, yeah. Right, right, right. So it's a fabulous brand, it's just, it really delivers a great consumer experience and I think that's the reason why we continue to grow.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah, so Lauren, this is Matt. You may remember at CAGNY we talked about this at one point where we woke up one Monday morning and none of our litter products were being offered. Amazon decided that they weren't making enough margin on that, so they were gonzo. So the online retailers do control the shelf and they can with a keystroke they could pretty much take you off. We have been making some adjustments in some of our categories as far as what SKUs we offer online. In some cases, we say you know what, we're a little bit too broad and we pare back. So, if we say, let's say we had 40 SKUs in one particular category and we say, now we're going to go down to 10, you could have a loss of online sales for that particular category. And the inverse is true as well. So, it's a shift from the online, from the bricks-and-mortar to online, but it doesn't all, it's a little choppy at times.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yeah. I'd say this, when unit dose was first launched, I think a lot of people look to Europe and say okay, there's more prevalence of unit dose in Europe and that comes in different forms and if you're including tablets and said well, hey there's one country that 30% of the laundry detergent is a unit dose. The other analogy is, dish washing detergent in the U.S. that's 30 and higher percentage of product is unit dose. So that was sort of the going in expectation, but it has plateaued for the last four quarters. It's in 17% and then went up to 17.4%, 17.6%, maybe it's 17.8% right now. And what we have found over time is that when unit dose was first launched, there was a decline in the liquid laundry detergent category. And the reason for that was because overdosing really stopped with the use of unit dose. But then the growth restarted and liquid laundry has been growing alongside a unit dose for several years now. So, I don't have a crystal ball, but it's not obvious that there's a path to 30%.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Okay. Part one, let me try to take those in order. First of all on pricing, we said we're not going to comment anymore on pricing, so we're not going to comment on private label, on branded, on list price. Come back next quarter and we'll go through any impact that may or may not have on the outlook. You asked about couponing. When I said positive, flat to positive price mix on the organic line for the Consumer Domestic business in the back half, yes it's promotions are lower and couponing is lower year-over-year. That's a fair comment to make. On the tax outlook, yes, it implies a 23% for the year implies a 24% rate in the back half. We had a lower than 24% rate in the front half largely because of option exercises, and that number is volatile and that moves around, and it's difficult to forecast. But in general, we said approximately 23% now for the full year. And then, you did allude as well to marketing shifts, I talked about that in Q3, higher marketing spending Q3, coming out of Q4 operating results are going to be just as solid as they were in the first half, in the second half. So, we – you should see our confidence in our guidance, because we raised our outlook.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Okay, I'll take a swing at the online class of trade and then Rick will comment on your second half sales question. So, the online class of trade sales grew 40% in the quarter year-over-year. So, that would include both our direct-to-consumer business as well as anything we sell in the online class of trade. Now, all of that as you know is not incremental. So, you essentially have consumers moving from one class of trade off from bricks-and-mortar to the online class of trade. You had a question about the cost associated with that and it is more costly to serve the online class of trade, because you do have to create web pages, you have to maintain them to your; so the maintenance part of it is expensive. It can be less expensive for digital marketing, because I'm sure you've heard that over the past couple of years that the number of impression is less expensive online than actually going through television for example. So, it's a bit of mix there. We had 1% of our sales were online in 2015, it was 5%, 2017. We expect to easily exceed 6% this year. So, it is going to continue to grow. The gross margins right now are somewhat comparable between the online class of trade and bricks-and-motors, so it's not really hurting us from a profitability standpoint on the gross profit line. But it is more expensive to serve that class of trade from an SG&A standpoint. I hope that helps you.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: All right. That concludes the call today. We'll be talking to you again in November after the end of the third quarter. Thanks for joining us today.
Richard A. Dierker: And, Kevin, it's Rick. I think one thing that we said last quarter and I want to repeat it again this quarter is our negative price mix trend in the Domestic business, right, in Q1 it was down 170 bps, in Q2 it is down 120 bps. We expect that to be flat to positive in the second half because as some of those promotions don't get repeated, or some of the couponings don't get repeated, not just in laundry but in general, in this environment we expect that to happen.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, I'll start with the last one first. It's Rick, Bonnie. But we track shipment to consumption data all the time. We feel like that's very healthy. It's right in line where it should be. So we don't think that's an issue. Your first question is really, help bridge the organic growth for the domestic division of around 5% back to what we would call the Nielsen tracked growth, which is around 2%.
Richard A. Dierker: So that's about 300 basis points. About 200 basis points is untracked channels whether that's e-commerce, you know e-commerce for us is growing you know 30%, 40%, which is really strong. As Matt said in his prepared remarks that's, for a company, for the consumer business to be in excess of 6% of sales, and then other non-tracked partners as well. And then, so that's around 200 basis points of that 300 basis points gap and another 100 basis points is just lower couponing, right, as we talked about before. We're lapping, for example, we launched a major litter innovation last year for trial, some of the coupon has come down in laundry as well. So the disconnect is really just from a net sales perspective.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, I would just tell you that typically the untrack stuff is just lumpy; online in general is lumpy. So, I think anybody who gives you a forecast on trying to bridge for organic growth to what reported or Nielsen information shows you is just, is asking for trouble. It's just too lumpy to do that accurately. I would tell you there's always going to be a disconnect and in some quarters there's going to be larger than others.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. So, a couple, two good questions. The first one on just the timing. Remember first half of the year, on average, we're about 20% EPS growth. In Q3, we're calling 8% EPS growth. Behind that is we have a step up investment in marketing, we've moved some marketing from Q4 as an example into Q3. So, we're up on a dollar basis about $8 million to $10 million of marketing year-over-year in Q3, which is about another $0.03 and if you just kind of add that back then you're really up around 14% adjusted in the third quarter.
Richard A. Dierker: And then in terms of your other question on distribution or commodities, in general, we gave you the full year outlook from gross margin and I did a bridge for you, about 130 basis points year-over-year for the full year. That's pretty consistent in the second half. You know as logistics costs have come through and I think you heard from Kimberly as an example, the pulp prices are up and diesel prices remain high.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, no, it's a good question. I think I want you to ask that same question next quarter, Steve. And I think a lot of the heavier promotion that we had was actually in Q3, not as much in Q2. So that's why we're expecting as we go through the second half to have positive price mix and a flat to positive price mix in the second half.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. No. You're right. We had plus 6% on volume, minus 6% on negative price mix, but it wasn't all promotional spending. That was also, I think I talked about it last year, our household business was growing very fast. Our personal care business was actually in decline, all right. So there are other attributes besides just spending promotional dollars.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, I have one or two comments then maybe Matt has something to add too, but in general we just went through with Kevin Grundy's question about how a lot of the spending in laundry between Tide and Persil has happened in the premium end, right. In general it's encouraging to say sequentially from Q1 to Q2 amount sold on deal's down by almost 500 basis points. So, yeah they might be up, they might be up, but the category was down even sequentially Procter, as an example, was down 770 basis points sequentially, in amount sold on deal from Q1 to Q2. In a world where commodities are rising, labor is rising; I think that promotional spending will come in line.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. We would make no commentary on pricing just yet, what categories we're, what retailers or what impact it may have.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, well, I mentioned earlier that in general that the weighted average rate has been approximately 3% for the last four quarters, specifically it was 2.7% weighted growth in Q2.
Richard A. Dierker: Well, you know it has been a cyclical business historically. We do have some things right now that are exacerbating the situation with what our government is doing. So we have retaliatory tariffs being imposed on being imposed on cheese by Mexico. Mexico is the largest export market for U.S. cheese. So, our retaliatory tariffs by China on whey protein, that's another derivative of dairy industry. And China is the largest export market for U.S. whey protein. So, these duties are slowing the exports of U.S. products and the prices of all dairy products are expected to be soft as a result. We've got storm clouds right now. So, I do think that's going to clear at some point. What gives us confidence long term is the fact that we've now made three acquisitions that have got us into other species, meaning cattle and pork. And we do think that over time that's going to even out. And because those three acquisitions were in prebiotics, probiotics and also food safety, we think there's a lot of runway there and that because we've put those three businesses together and we can now go to food producers and offer control of bacteria both pre-harvest and post-harvest, we think we got a big runway, but we do have to even it out. We've got to get more balance between dairy and the other species in the future, but we're confident we're going to get there, Rupesh.
Richard A. Dierker: Sure. Hi Olivia, it's Rick. In general it was two things. Everything we said last quarter is still true right, going direct to the German subsidy helped in a positive way, price mix for example. But it was overshadowed by a couple things. Now we have heavier trade promotion in the UK and Australia, we have good volume growth there too, but just heavier trade promotion in those two countries and then in Mexico we also have our household business growing very quickly and so that also hurt the mix impact a little bit. And so in general for the balance of the year we expect it to look, actually, a lot like Q2, high volume growth and a little bit of price mix.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, I think you need to take a step up a little bit, Olivia. It's more, we think we have momentum going into the second half at or exceeding our first half. And the way we look at that is we just look at it on a two year stack basis and really if you remember domestic growth in the first half of the year, last year was really low, the second half it was stronger. So on a stacked basis, the first half the year is 6.2% for example and we expect to exceed that you know 6.3%, 6.4% in the back half of the year. So again it's, just look at it on a two year basis. So it's more of a comp story.
Richard A. Dierker: And then to follow on your second question, just what's leading to our great cash flow generation. I think even the raise that we just talked about, the incremental $10 million, typically it's half cash earnings and half of that's working capital. Over the long term we've done a phenomenal job on working capital, talked many times about how we've gone from 52 days to in the 20s on our cash conversion cycle. And that has been lead – we're top tier in inventory. We're right in line with everybody else on DSO or receivables. And then, we still have some room to improve on payables and so that does continue. So hopefully that gives you a flavor for it.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah. I mean, we have incremental trade spending in a couple of our categories, right. We have – that's probably in essence the easiest way to say it. That's why price mix is still negative in the Consumer business. It's a competitive environment. Although, it is getting better, I think people forget context sometimes. Back in Q3 of 2017, also goes back to your question, Q2 of 2017, price mix was minus 630 bps; in Q3, it was minus 490 bps; in Q4, it's down to 130 bps; and in Q1, we're down 170 bps; in Q2, we're down 120 bps. And so, the curve is coming down in the right direction. We're seeing the macro stuff support that and that's why we have confidence in the back half to continue to improve.
Richard A. Dierker: Yeah, yeah. Really, the biggest hedges we have out there are really for and you'll see this in the 10-Q are for surfactants or ethylene for HTPE for resin and for diesel, and net-net as they're close to washing. I mean it's nice to have certainty and now we're 88% hedged and we're already hedging 2019 in some cases in order to again have predictable movements on our cost structure. But in general, I'd say those net differences aren't that material.
