Matt Farrell: Yes. The issue is not that we're capacity constrained. We have capacity. The issue is getting components. It can be a raw or packaging materials, chemicals, et cetera. And the reason there are shortages because our suppliers are having trouble getting labor into their plants to actually make their raw and packaging materials and then that's exacerbated by the fact that sometimes you can't get the product delivered and particularly if you're having -- if you're sourcing components or ingredients from Asia and you're dealing with containers, so not a capacity issue. It's entirely due to the ability to get labor and in some cases, it's -- because of the freeze, we had force majeure for a half a dozen of our suppliers, chemicals. If you recall, earlier in the year the Texas freeze, so we're not quite out of the woods on that one yet either.
Matt Farrell: Well, it's -- we think it's starting to abate. We're seeing that from some of our suppliers and co-packers. It's -- you have to say that the weekly unemployment supplement is contributing to the labor shortages and of course that's going to roll off in September. So you think that things would loosen up a bit come in the fourth quarter.
Matt Farrell: Yes, Rupesh. To answer the other half of your question, if you pick up the release and you look at the schedules in the back and I'm sure you have, you'll see that household products is down year over year and so that's where it's most acute. So fabric care shipments are constrained by supply shortages and we have plenty of demand out there, but the shortages are affecting the household side of the business, which would include both laundry, detergent, stain fighters and litter. So we do expect that we will be out of the woods by the end of the third quarter.
Matt Farrell: Yes, well, look we are wary of businesses that had a big COVID bump. Remember we bought one in December when we bought ZICAM who are one in cold shortening, 73% market share and we bought that for the future because we know that's going to be a strong contributor to sales and profits, not only in 2022 but years ahead. So, yes, we will have a degree of skepticism but we -- I can tell you there are things for sale right now that we are looking at. It's a question whether they're going to meet our criteria.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. So your second question first, we won't really get into the magnitude of change right. We will be very clear next quarter after its end market and we'll disclose some of what we did for laundry. You know, laundry was high-single digits, and so we'll do the same thing for litter and some of the other items. In three months, we'll go through that detail. On your first question, yes with respect, it was sold on deal, it's a little early to draw any conclusions about what's going on at shelf. I think it's important to have the backdrop of Q2 for both laundry and litter. Take litter, for example, year-over-year sold on deal for litter was actually down 80 basis points of the categories right now, promotion in the second quarter around 13% sold on deal. Historically, it's around 19% to 20% and so it's pretty off, it's normal sold on deal percentages. So, but we do know that one major competitor besides ARM & HAMMER has had supply issues as well. In the second quarter, which I'm not going to name. So that may have contributed to the fact that litter sold on deal was down in Q2 for just about our all competitors. For laundry, Q2 was up almost 1,200 basis points to about 32% sold on deal for a liquid laundry detergent. Remember last year promotions were pulled. So it's not surprising that there would be a rebound this year. We actually had the lowest increase in sold on deal, up 700 basis points in Q2, and our lower promotions made sense in the context of supply shortages and obviously going forward, we wanted the price to stick so promotions will also be limited as well.
Matt Farrell: Yes, Olivia, you squeezed in a multi-port half a dozen questions there as you're walking off the stage. I'll start with the SPD. As far as the SPD business goes, yes I had a really good quarter last year, the quarter was up 3%, this year up 10%. But if you look in the release, you see that price was half of that growth. So we have been raising prices in SPD. It probably were the earliest as for of all three divisions of raising price, specialty products and that's both on the animal side and also on the bulk sodium bicarbonate side. Bulk sodium bicarbonate is oftentimes a contracted business, but the non-contracted line, we've been raising price. So that's a steady business, had a good quarter. It will have a good third quarter as well.
Matt Farrell: I think we have different issues. We don't have the same issues as a competitor. We just happened to know that there is some supply constraints that they're dealing with that are affecting their ability to ship. That's all. I think everybody has [ph] got issues.
Matt Farrell: Well, as you know, the Texas freeze isn't just us. Most of those chemicals affect lots and lots of companies and lots of competitors. So I would say on the chemical side and transportation side, it's very similar between us and competitors and labor shortages as well. If you have suppliers and co-packers that's universal. So I don't know that there's anything that's unique to Church & Dwight.
Matt Farrell: Yes, there is a lot of logic in that, Bill. There is no question that there are other destinations like SPAC's that companies looking to monetize their investment can take, but based on what we're looking at right now, but what's coming to market and will be at auction, we think we'll have plenty to look at least in the next six months.
Matt Farrell: Yes, talking about international, for starters. So we've had a good second quarter. We're seeing 6% for the full year and, but we are cognizant of the fact that we see intermittent shutdowns in many of the markets where we have businesses. So we have to keep that and get that in mind, and we get this delta variant as well, which will result in even more -- furthermore expansive lockdowns and effect on consumer mobility in international markets. So that's what tempers our in enthusiasm.
Matt Farrell: Yes, well, I'm surprised that would be your conclusion considering that we're seeing that our full year organic is going to be up 4%, it's going to be the fourth year in a row that we have organic sales of 4% or better. And in spite of the fact that we have $125 million in unplanned incremental costs that our full year range of 6% to 8%, we find our way to 6%. So I would say that the Company has proven that its resilient actually, faced with those kinds of cost increases. And I think it's temporary with respect to the supply issues and we will get that will be behind us at some point, but yes, go ahead.
Matt Farrell: Yes, it's a good point. I know it's -- that's not a throwaway comment over the past 18 months, we've qualified 90 additional suppliers and co-packers. So that as we, as we come out of this, we're going to be far more resilient and that started last year when we saw where we're that -- how COVID exposed some of the weak links in our supply chain.
Matt Farrell: Yes, Lastly, the pricing has been accepted by the trade in laundry. So that's sort of behind us right now. Litter is ahead of us, that's going to be taken effect in Q4 but we think both for laundry and for litter by Q4, we'll be out of our supply issues. You had a question about raising price and not just in laundry and litter but in other categories, which we have. So for example NAIR, OXICLEAN stain fighters, baking soda, we announced one variant of TROJAN condoms, WATERPIK, will be raising price as well. So, we've been able to -- we're announcing price increases in many categories. And keep in mind that we are the number one brand in stain fighters, depilatories, water flossers, baking soda et cetera. So we do have some strength and the ability to lead there. So, I think that's -- and your other question with respect to the, what are the issues with respect to laundry. I mentioned earlier in my comments that because of the Texas freeze, there's issues with chemicals and that affects both liquid laundry detergent and unit dose and we expect that to be abating as well and I don't expect that the shortages to impact our ability to succeed and pushing through price.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, my comment -- yes. I mentioned earlier on litter -- the litter category sold on deal is around 12%-13%. So whereas historically it's around 19% to 20%. So we and competitors are all have had depressed sold on deal and with our announced price increase and another competitor has, we've seen price increases as well, we don't expect that to change in the second half. And as far as the laundry goes, It is -- we are up quite a bit year-over-year, 700 basis points. We're not as high as our competitors, nor do we expect to be at least for the next 90 days be as our price increase has to take hold. We don't want to detract from that with promotions.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining us today. We'll talk to everybody again in 90 days and we'll see how the Q3 went; so talk to you at end of October. So long.
Rick Dierker: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is the force majeure comment, like we said publicly back in Q1, we had around six of them. We had 10 or 11 this quarter. So just pure disruptions in the supply chain.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And we look at demand planning all the way back to the entire supply chain and all of our independent forecast say that the raw material input costs and whatnot will recover late Q3, early Q4.
Rick Dierker: Yes. That's a fair question, Rupesh. I think could have, would have. should have -- but consumption is really strong. Matt said it in his prepared comments, and I did as well. And so if you look at consumption. It's really high single digits in the quarter and we were closer to 2.8% organic. So, definitely, we are constrained. And if you roll that forward to the full year, then we would have been at the top of the range on revenue. If not for supply chain disruptions.
Rick Dierker: I think we've got, kind of live in hand to mouth right now. If we were to get most worse than what we have today. I think we would have out of stocks. I think our great -- most acute area for out of stocks would be OXICLEAN sprays right now, the triggers.
Rick Dierker: [Indiscernible] add is on your first question, Kevin, you just asked for kind of a roll forward for 2022. And the simple way to think about it is, when we gave our April outlook, inflation was a minus 300 basis points and that was what was included in our flat guidance. Now, our inflation number is closer to minus 375 that's kind of the entire change from going flat to minus 75 and that minus 375 for the full year, it's kind of indication of the inflation that we've seen for the whole year and inclusive of the first 90, inclusive of the new $35 million that we're talking about. As we exit the year, we think price volume mix will be a tailwind of like 285 basis points. So that's probably a good gauge it is, we're not quite recovering in all of our inflation yet, but we've only priced half the portfolio.
Rick Dierker: And as to the price increase and again it was early July. so It's only been a few weeks. So we're reluctant to comment, I would just tell you that it's as we expected to date.
Rick Dierker: Yes, one thing I'd add to that, Olivia, is our outlook for the divisions, we told you last quarter was -- domestic was 4%, international was 6% and SPD was 6%. I think if we had a rejigger that today, it would be more like 3%,6%, 9%, so domestic at 3% largely because of the supply constraints. International consistently at 6% and then SPD now is at 9%. As far as your gross margin question, look, I think you're right. Pricing over the long-term recovers the inflation and so that is a good guy and a bad guy and they kind of wash over time. Look, we have a lot of confidence in our evergreen model and it's only 25 basis points of expansion. So we're going to get that over the long term through productivity, through innovation and through mix and we're doing a lot of work internally on mix actually and using technology to trade optimize and product optimize across retailers and so that work is ongoing, but those are three levers that we have.
Rick Dierker: Yes. On marketing, I think we've been very clear when we look at all of our forecast and all of our internal information, we think we're going to be recovered by late Q3, early Q4. We think the market is good, demand driving activity and kind of healthy that we have put price increases other for the back half. So we want to make sure we're supporting our brands in a healthy way; 5 of 13 brands gained share and part of that was, is lower than normal and part of that's because there supply constraints. So we want to make sure that once that's not a factor that we're supporting the brands like we should and that's the plan. If for some reason, supply constraints last longer, then of course we would adjust as necessary.
Rick Dierker: Yes, the core issue with the tax rate is really, it all comes down to stock options exercised and typically we've had around $2 million stock options exercised every year, If you go back and look for many years. In 2020, it was $3 million and our forecast this year is a little less than $1 million now and so we think perhaps due to the run-up in the share price last year that was really maybe a pull forward every year with the stock options, potentially. So we think that will normalize back to 2019 levels is the quick answer.
Rick Dierker: I think that's one aspect of it, Bill. I think that's a good way to say it. And then also, we've had more broad based inflation beyond commodities than we expected. I used the example at our Board meeting, how we've never talked about pallets in the history of me being here for cost impacts and our pallets went up by $2 million bucks in the back half. So it's just really broad based, although the third-party manufacturers are passing on the 2% to 3% to 4% issues that we've been talking about. So I think we have a great handle on it now and meanwhile, what are we doing about it, we've -- we're qualifying a lot more suppliers, just to have backup redundancies and flexibility.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I think this is across the board. It's pretty broad based. I think if you look at, and you have -- other peers in the industry right now, even some of our European partner's -- peers, then it's really broad based and it's across the spectrum, doesn't really matter if you're a $2 billion to $5 billion or a $50 billion company.
Rick Dierker: Yes, keep in mind, similar to private equity. Bill, I mean SPAC's are the same. We have an ability to pay more typically because of the synergies that we can generate. So, that's always now when it's a down in the middle acquisition that's always a great benefit.
Rick Dierker: And in terms of comps, Andrea, you do have to be mindful of our growth rates a year ago international right. In Q2 a year ago, we were flat, we were 0.6% on organic growth. And so the 10.4% this year, it's very impressive. It's off a flat prior year. Q3 and Q4, last year the back half was mid-teens. So 13% growth. And so if you look at our guidance, it implies not a 5% or 6% growth in the back half. But when you do the stack, It's actually it looks like the international business is very, very strong. And then, your second question was really on the commodity outlook. Well, as of right now, I can I just went through some of the numbers with the latest expectations on resins as an example and paper and diesel. Right now, our outlook implies that the commodity stay where they're at today. We're not banking on a decline or our movement down on commodities for the balance of the year.
Rick Dierker: A little bit I would add is, look, some of our competition is vertically integrated in some aspects of their supply chain and some of these examples. We're not vertically integrated. We've chosen not to do that. We don't think it makes much sense. In times like this, it might hurt a little bit, but overall, we're doing the best we can to move our -- whatever we did -- three to four new suppliers and add 90 more, add the flexibility and the capacity there. So our flex capacity as we exit this COVID-type environment is going to be greater than it's ever been before.
Rick Dierker: Yes. So maybe what I'll do for right now is just give you the second half Kind of gross margin bridge and of course, Q3 will be, it will be positive. It will be slightly positive, more of the margin benefits in Q4 as we fully lap or fully have the price benefit but the second half gross margin outlook. The first half is down 230, the second half is up 80 and price volume mix is a tailwind of what we think is 285 basis points. Inflation is a headwind of around 285 basis points. We have incremental tariffs of 35 basis points, which is a little bit better than it was in the first half because we had tariffs starting to year ago. We have productivity programs of around plus 85, the acquisition for ZICAM helps on margin by about 40 basis points and then currency is a bit of a drag. So that's how we get to plus 80 in the back half.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I know it's an impact on the quarter, it's impact on the full year. It's probably why our SG&A is down and in both cases for the quarter and full year, and that wasn't expected but it's a reality now because we're one of only and were the exception in industry that has gross margin tighter and some of comp and right now, our gross margin is down 75 basis points that was not the plan, that was not incentive plan. And so that has a favorable impact, unfortunately, on the SG&A numbers.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I know it sounds, a lot of that supply chain, but I had to just follow up I think in the line of question that Bill Chappell embarked upon. I mean my question, looking at what happened this quarter and what you're talking about is just if there isn't something to consider. In terms of, you guys just running too lean, right, I mean that's been a hallmark of the way that you operate the business, but when you look at this quarter and the conversation on supply and so on, it feels like you've exposed yourself to business risk that other companies are frankly finding their way to manage through. So maybe it's too early to talk about, but just thoughts about how, looking forward, you might want to set up differently so that you can better weather these sorts of storms.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Thanks, Rick, Matt, that's exactly what I was asking and looking for. Next question was just on gross margin. I'm actually having a little bit troubles like play around with numbers in the sequential improvement that you're talking about because volume I would think. I know you get pricing coming in, but volume will be a little bit challenge on that price volume mix line, I guess the implied sequential improvement and then also, I guess the commodity headwind. I just -- I don't know if we, the best way to attack it, it might be offline, but kind of the big sequential changes in the gross margin bridge that help you get to and I think you said modest expansion in 3Q that would just be helpful.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, that's super helpful. And then final thing which is on the incentive compensation call out this quarter. I guess I was curious if that was at the outset of the year, what you had anticipated or is that something that was a true up this quarter and how to think about that in terms of SG&A for the balance.
