James R. Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It's always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have good results to report. I'll start off this call by providing you with my overview on our third quarter business results, which you read about in our press release this morning. I'll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, our Chief Financial Officer. Matt will provide you with his perspectives on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I'll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We'll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start out by saying that I'm very proud of my team for delivering the excellent third quarter business results in such a difficult business environment. Despite headwinds from weak consumer demand and increased competitive pressures, the third quarter results reflect double-digit net sales growth of 11% versus year ago, an all-time company record for gross margin of 45.4%, which was 20 basis points above year ago. This is also the fifth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, an 8% increase in marketing spending versus year ago, with supported share growth on 7 of our 9 power brands, a 15% increase in operating income and an 80-basis-point increase in operating margin versus year ago, a 15% increase in earnings per share versus year ago, and a 75% increase in free cash flow versus year ago. In addition, I'm pleased to report that we have finished the integration of our most recent acquisition, the Avid Health gummy vitamin company, across every business function. The Avid acquisition continues to deliver outstanding results, with double-digit sales growth and better-than-expected cost synergies. So despite continued headwinds, the excellent results for the first 3 quarters of 2013 make us feel very confident in achieving our aggressive annual EPS growth target of a 14% increase versus year ago. I'll now turn the call over to Matt to give you more details on our third quarter results, and then I'll return to provide some further insights on the results of our key brands and provide additional details on my outlook for the year.
James R. Craigie: Bill, yes, I actually do, because I've kind of hinted at it, but I won't give you any details. We have the most incredible new product pipeline ever in our history coming next year. We've always found historically that innovations help drive category growth, and I think that will be a key driver of that next year going forward. So I'm very excited about that. I do think the economy is slightly turning here, but I think more importantly is the new product innovations that we're launching across a lot of key categories will be very, very impactful on the category growth next year.
James R. Craigie: Yes, John. I really haven't seen anything new in channel shift. There's just the general trends going on over time. That's not really an issue right now. The competitive pricing situation is only occurring in a few key categories right now. Laundry is certainly one of them. We're seeing a bit of pricing pressure in there. But honestly, things have reached a point where I don't think they're going to go any lower. So I think that, that will stabilize itself, and I think you're going to see a lot of innovations in that category next year, so I think that'll actually help drive the category growth back up. So in general, it's been a little bit of a rough time lately, but I think things will definitely improve next year. As I think all competitors will go back to focus more on innovations to drive categories, and I don't think the channel shifting is any more of an issue than it's been in the past.
James R. Craigie: A lot. A lot. The middle has been the section that's been kind of eroding for the past decade. There's still quite a bit of share left there. And I think consumers will continue to shift one way or the other to the premium side or to the value side because the middle, you can get the quality of those products with the premium brands, and the value side offers great quality at a great price. So it's been the share donor for a long time, and I think it will continue to be the share donor.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Olivia. Marketing spending was only lower as a percent of net revenue in the third quarter. We actually spent, on an absolute dollar basis, an additional $7.5 million. And we always assess what we're spending. More importantly, is how we're doing on share growth. And we had a great quarter in the third quarter. We grew share in 7 of our 9 power brands. So we always watch what's going on there. We just -- we always have our hand on the lever because we have to watch competition. I'll remind everybody that Procter & Gamble's announced that they're going to cut over $1 billion of marketing spending going forward. So we watch that. We always stay competitive. But most importantly, what we always gauge our marketing spending against is how we're doing on our share growth. And growing share in 7 of our 9 power brands is a great, great result.
James R. Craigie: Well, no, we always -- that's something where we always -- again, it's -- we consider that all part of marketing, whether it's advertising, consumer coupons or price promotions at the stores. And one of the great jobs of our marketing and sales team is always to gauge how to take the total pot of money we have and most effectively and efficiently deploy it in the marketplace. And I would say we're pretty good masters of that, given our share trends over time. So it's category by category, customer by customer out there, and we just -- we -- one thing about being a small company, and from me on down, we watch that everyday, and we'll shift the levers as needed to, again, most effectively drive the best share results and the best sales results. So we're pretty good against that. It just changes all the time, and that's why we have people in charge of the business and on top of it everyday.
James R. Craigie: Caroline, this category and this business has been everything we dreamed of and then some. As I gave you some numbers before, the gummy side of the business continues to deliver very strong double-digit growth, particularly on the adult side. When we bought the business, the adult category of gummies was only about 3% of the business. So now that's growing rapidly. But still, in total, as I've said, gummy as a part of the total vitamin business, is only about 9% of the total business. So as far as we're concerned, there is 91% of the business to go. The gummy form has such huge advantages, and the taste and all the mouth-feel benefits of it. And I have yet to meet a consumer out there who hasn't tried a gummy, who said [ph] to me, that's the last time they're going to take a hard pill. So we love the business. We're doing a great job of driving distribution gains out there. We've done a great job of driving the cost synergies. We got a lot of new products coming. And the shelves, it's funny you say about the shelves, we kind of share your opinion that the shelves could use some better management out there. Retailers tend to think the shelves are okay. They tend to segment stuff between kids and adults and gummies and this or that and letter vitamins versus multivitamins and that. But we are doing a lot of work to try to help figure it out with the retailers and to try to make it more consumer friendly. But it's a great -- as you know, vitamins, overall, is a great growing category, given the health trends and aging trends not only in our country but around the world. So we are just absolutely thrilled that we bought into this business and bought the hot growing part of this business, so we just see great things going forward.
James R. Craigie: Price mix is -- yes, we have private labels in this category more than others. But we've been able to -- it was part of -- we had a small part of the business we bought that was private label. We've been able to keep it at that range. And I would say, our -- if you look at our product, our product itself has got a fairly decent value positioning in the category, so we feel fine about that. And like any other category, innovations will help drive the category. And certainly, you got a form here, the gummy form versus hard pills. So price pressures are really not a key issue in this category right now.
James R. Craigie: No, Kevin, laundry is the key call, but we saw this coming. As it kind of started in Q3 and as we expect some continued pressures in Q4, I can't call the future. We'll do whatever we have to do to stay price-competitive. But that was all we see right now. There's -- yes, and everything else is minor at this point in time, but it's -- that's largely it.
James R. Craigie: Yes, Kevin, I can. But let me just comment that we're fully aware of the launch of the competitive product by Procter & Gamble. I just remind everyone that one of our key success drivers that I've talked about earlier is our ability to successfully defend our brands, as we've done for several years, and as we did when Tide attacked OXICLEAN a few years ago. And for competitive reasons, we're not going to reveal the details of what I would call a ferocious defense that we're going to mount next year. But I also remind everybody, as it often happens in battles like this, it's the weaker players in the categories that are usually the losers, and that's exactly what happened when OXICLEAN was attacked by Tide. Tide has gained some share, but OXICLEAN also gained share, and the share gains that both those brands achieved came out of the weaker brands. So I think that's kind of the forecast I see for next year, but I don't want to reveal what we're going to do, and it's just going to be -- just trust us that we have a long history and a good track record of defending our brands, and we look forward to a good battle.
James R. Craigie: Bill, I personally think 2013 is a year more of pricing pressures and things like that. I think 2014 is going to be a year of innovation. And I think forward, I think consumers will respond to that and look at the innovations that are going to come out across the category. And I think things will get better. I think it will. Just there wasn't that much in the pipeline from a lot of us this year as far as really, truly innovative product. I think you will see more of that next year.
James R. Craigie: No, no, no. Bill, I would tell you, we've never tried to start a price war. We only respond to what's going on out there, and there's been some pretty competitive activity out there. But we have no desire to do that, but we will always do what's necessary to keep our brands competitive. But you're going to see something really big from us next year. We have historically launched a new product every 2 years. We did one -- so next year would be the year to launch a big new product. And this year, we did not have a big new product for our usual schedule, and some activity took on that kind of caught us by surprise, and so we've had to deal with that. But next year, we'll go back to what's always been successful for us, which is kind of a long history of success in this category, which is a big new product innovation coming out of Church & Dwight.
James R. Craigie: No, no. I don't take anything lightly from the Procter & Gamble company. It's a major initiative by then -- them. We -- so like I said, we're -- we have a quite strong record of ferocious defense. We've taken them out in the past when they attacked OXICLEAN head on. And again, I would just remind you the end game. When 2 big players go to battle like this, and we'll do similar to what we did with the OXICLEAN defense, with the innovative new products, increased marketing spending, increased support, overall, often, the end result is, with us or Procter, Coke and Pepsi is -- usually, it's the other players who take the hit because the 2 guys going head-to-head often end up both winning, and the other smaller competitors often end up losing. So I'm all pleased. Believe me, I take this absolutely seriously. We've been all over this for months, and I feel very confident, though, that what we'll announce to you next year will delight you. And we'll do what we need to do to deliver what we're calling as organic growth at the high end of our 3% to 4% range, with laundry being a key player of that.
James R. Craigie: I wouldn't say Procter has no equity in the laundry additive category. Well, Procter is the giant in the overall laundry business, with products in almost every segment, and they entered that category with the Tide name, which is an incredibly powerful brand. So I consider it a very strong analogy to what's going on here. And yes, this laundry detergent, there's a lot of brands in there, but they're obviously ahead of that category also, but we're the strong #2. And again, the best way to fight that is to go out with innovative new products and increase marketing spending and have at it. And I feel confident that what we're going to do next year will deliver those results we need to deliver the kind of business results we're going to tell you about in February.
James R. Craigie: Sort of the latter, Alice, but it's all in different formats. The other competitors are mostly doing price. The big dog is mostly flooding the market with coupons. So it's been from all angles and that. So it's a bit of a war going on right now, but our share -- we're hanging in there pretty well. Our share growth is at record levels in Q3. And I just -- we know how to fight those kind of wars, and we'll do what's right to defend our brand.
James R. Craigie: No, we just don't normally give a forecast at this point in time. And we're still dotting the Is and crossing the Ts in our planning process. So we've always historically done that when we come out to the CAGNY meeting in 2014.
James R. Craigie: Yes, let me just jump in and say too, that, that's why 25% of every employee in this company's bonus is based on hitting the gross margin target. So that has been a major change in the culture of this company going back about over 5, 6 years. And I think everybody in this company has been talking gross margin, and that's how it really -- it really pays off when that happens. So that's how we keep getting all these improvements and gross margins. It's been a terrific result.
James R. Craigie: Joe, yes, we do have a lot of new products come in. The distribution gains happened over the course of the year, so we'll get a full year benefit in the next year. There's more distribution gains to come. We're still not where we want to be on that. So there's a lot of upside there. And just always keep in mind that gummy vitamins as a whole business, a whole category, is only 9% of the total vitamin category but growing about 5x to 6x the rate. So there's tremendous upside left for the gummy vitamins out there. The retailers see it, they're supporting it. The sampling, which we're driving hard, that's the best way to get people to understand the whole -- we do -- we've more than doubled the advertising on the business, but the sampling is crucial. When somebody tastes the gummy, they just can't believe that the vitamin -- the same vitamin nutrient as a hard pill is on the gummy that tastes so great. So we're just going to keep pounding that. We've got a tiger by the tail here, and we're going to do everything from increased marketing spending, new product innovations, increased distribution, increased sampling. We're just going to keep pounding it and delivering double-digit growth.
James R. Craigie: No, Lauren, it's just a relative thing. We had a good pipeline of new products this year. It's just next year, by far, will be the biggest amount of new product launches we've ever had. And like I said earlier in a question, we -- as planned, we didn't have a new cat litter product planned for this year. We will have a big one planned for next year. Laundry will be doing things next year that we would normally be doing, plus maybe a little more because of some of the competitive activities going on. And the other categories, too, all really have some terrific stuff. I just don't want to tip my hat right now on some of the things we're doing, but when you see the first week of February, you will see -- well, we've always had good new product innovations in the past years. This will blow your mind next year.
James R. Craigie: Obviously, I'm not going to go into specific detail. Obviously, we've had significant distribution gains so far across almost every -- across every channel, period. And -- but I would still say there's a lot more to go. And if so, we've got our sales force every day is cracking accounts out there. See, what happens is accounts don't all make their decisions on the same day every year. Throughout the whole year, accounts -- some accounts make decisions on distribution in the first quarter, some in the second quarter, some in the third quarter, some in the fourth quarter. And so we just -- we have to go with that timing. And so our sales force is doing these accounts constantly out there, so we've had success over every quarter this year. We -- And I think we'll be able to have a lot more success going forward. All I'll tell you is there's some accounts out there that are close to where we want to be in distribution, but the large majority aren't, and we want to all get them there. And then we have a great new product pipeline coming, so great success in 2013, but still a long ways to go in 2014 and beyond.
James R. Craigie: No, I think I made the point that our sales force -- we -- our shares are like steadily growing in laundry. It's up 50% in the past 5 years. And when you have that kind of share growth, you need more shelf -- space on the shelves to keep up, otherwise, you'll be out of stock. And that's where our sales force has done a great job. I was going out there and going over those numbers with the retailers. The retailers, yes, they see that. They realize they need to give us more shelf space or they will have out of stock. So it's been a big, big benefit to us, but we've had a big gain in distribution in a lot of categories this year to hopefully minimize the out-of-stock situation. So don't walk away thinking that out of stock has been a significant problem for us. It's not because our sales force has done a great job of getting increased distribution. And all the categories, we had great share growth.
James R. Craigie: Yes. With the goals to be announced in February, well, it will not be based at all on an acquisition. We never do that. In the course of the year, we make an acquisition, we'll update the information, but we don't ever base our annual plan on making -- hoping to make an acquisition because you just can't -- you can't guarantee that.
James R. Craigie: I'll try to answer those 27 questions. No, I think this -- the compacted form of ARM & HAMMER, we call it 4X or Ultra Power, it's done very well this year. I think I said 70% of the share growth that ARM & HAMMER achieved in the third quarter came from that product. It's out there doing very well. Nobody has followed it yet -- but I'd say yet -- out there, but it's doing very well. We're very happy with it. It has not -- we regained distribution far beyond that product in the laundry category last year. So it was not the only gainer. And the product saw a nice contribution to us on sales and profits, but it wasn't the source from which we sourced any money for promotion dollars in that. So just overall, it's a good new product for us. We're very happy with it. Obviously, going forward, strongly, I would wish my competitors would take a closer look at that, but we'll see. I can't -- I can only control what we do, and I'm very happy with the success we've had with that product. Okay, everybody, I want to thank you very much for participating in the call today on a Friday. I hope you have a great weekend, and thank you very much.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, I'm sure many people who know our story know that, if you went back to year 2000, we had one power brand, that was ARM & HAMMER. And since then, we've added 8 others. Today, we have 9, and that was through acquisitions. And we have proven that once we acquire businesses, we're able to grow their market share pretty rapidly. So with that as a core competency in the company, and, yes, you're right, it's a lot of cash that's building up on the balance sheet. The destinations for that are acquisitions; and number two would be buybacks. And we haven't been a company that's done a lot of buybacks historically. And as I pointed out on our call, we do have $220 million remaining on our authorization. But you're right, Bill, we have lots of cash, but we look at that as an advantage with which to go shopping for new businesses. And the Avid business, we've now owned for a year, we acquired it October 1, 2012. And we've done a great job integrating that business, so we are in good shape right now to take on another one.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, the debt side, you're right. We have some commercial paper out there. The reason we have commercial paper out there, while, at the same time, we have cash, is to keep our name in the market such that when we do, do an acquisition, we can avail ourselves of the CP market and keep our name out there.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, as far as the 3% to 4%, historically, the company has been dependent upon volume growth as opposed to price mix. I think it's too early to actually call or split that number between how much is going to be volume and how much is going to be price mix. But suffice to say that if, in fact, the current environment continues, it's possible that it can be some price mix negative. It's certainly in the first half of the year, but we'll update that on the first week of February, when we give our 2014 outlook.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: It's pretty simple. The second quarter, you may recall, the weather in the United States was so cool such that the demand for our products completely fell off. The reason for that is, just to remind everybody, our product replaces electrolytes in cows. When it's really hot, cows lose electrolytes through sweat, and they don't make milk. So in the second quarter it was cool, so we -- demand fell off tremendously in our Animal Nutrition business, but that recovered in the third quarter. So it wasn't so much what we did, it was sort of business as usual in Q3.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, we -- Kevin, it's -- to make judgments about the base business is way premature with respect to 2014.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, yes, here's another way to think about it. So when we were on the call for -- at the end of the second quarter in August, we said we anticipated pricing pressures in the base business, and they certainly materialized. You saw that in the third quarter with the huge price mix. And although we expect market share gains in Q4, they'll generally be in categories that we expect to be flat or down sequentially compared to Q3. So yes, Q4 on a reported basis for organic is going to be similar to Q3, only this time vitamins is the big driver. So when we said a full year range of 1.5% to 2%, that translates into a pretty big range for the fourth quarter. It'd be more like a 1% to 2.5% range for the fourth quarter to get to a full year range of 1.5% to 2%. So that question is, okay, what's that range dependent upon? It's really a couple things. It's the success of our year-end promotions and our advertising across all categories including vitamins. The second thing is the severity of competitors' price actions. Anybody spending any time in the supermarkets right now has seen that there's tremendous amount of prices being slashed across the board. So yes, it's -- we got a pretty wide range in the fourth quarter, which drives the 1.5% to 2% for the year. But it's those 2 factors, right, it's our year-end promotions and advertising across all the categories and what -- how well would the competitors' pricing actions blunt our actions in the fourth quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, it's not so much a big step-up, Bill, as timing. We entered the year, we thought we were going to spend an excess of $80 million. And we've only gotten through $30 million of it through the first 3 quarters of the year. So if you've ever worked in a manufacturing organization, you sort of use it or lose it, right? So you got a lot of guys trying to get their projects get completed in the fourth quarter. So it's no one large project we can point to. It's lots and lots of little ones across all the plants.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: No, I think it'll be -- I think $70 million is about right. Because remember -- if you remember in August, Bill, we were calling $80 million, so now we knocked it down to $70 million.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Well, we have an authorization. We've chosen not to. That's a decision we look at every quarter. The management and the board discuss it, and we've opted not to. So we do have a lot of ability to buy back shares next year, and we certainly have the balance sheet to do it.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, no, you're right. The -- as I said before that the -- if you have a full year range of 1.5% to 2%, that means that the range for the fourth quarter is going to be pretty wide, like 1% to 2.5%. So there's a lot of room in there for success or failure of our promotions with respect to the competition. And I would say it has gotten sequentially more difficult, Chris, as far as if you look at Q3 versus Q4 and what's going on on-shelf. So we recognize that, so we'd have a pretty wide range in there for the fourth quarter.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, I commend you for your persistence. We're going to -- you can see in the Nielsen data how this category has been growing and the fact that it's...
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, I mean, on a pro forma basis, it would be growing in the 20s. So if you looked at 2012 versus '13, assuming we owned it in '12, it would be in the 20s.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, with respect to commodities, Michael, we have 8 commodities that represent -- that are our most volatile commodities. And we typically look at what percentage of those are hedged going into the coming year. And right now, we're about 30% hedged. Some of those commodities would include everything from resin to diesel, soda ash, paper products, palm fatty acid distillate, et cetera. So as far as Avid goes, and we have -- we -- when we bought that business, we said we saw $15 million of cost synergies. That number is going to be higher. We just don't update numbers like that after an acquisition. The way the $15 million split was $6 million of SG&A and $9 million of cost of goods sold. The cost of goods sold numbers are certainly going to be higher. So -- and we're making really good progress with respect to expanding gross margin on that business.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, last year at this time, you may recall, we had just acquired the Avid business, so a lot of interest in how much we thought the Avid business is going to contribute to 2013. So we gave some people -- so we felt like -- obligated to call a number for the year at 14%, and that's where we're coming into, by the way.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. Well, look, there's always a lot of moving parts in the P&L. And we were calling 2% organic growth up until this call. Now we're seeing 1.5% to 2%. So obviously, there's some earnings impact as a result of that, so there's some room there. As far as taxes goes, we got the benefit of a lower tax rate already in the first and second quarter. We're at 34% Q1, 34.5% in Q2. We stuck at 35% midyear because we were anticipating some things to happen in the second half but didn't. So then we posted the 34% again in Q3, so the whole year is going to be about 34%. So it's not like we'd kind of woke up to the entire benefit in the fourth quarter of a tax rate change, it's just that we came down off the number today.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, the only thing we've said historically with respect to that question is this is -- kind of a walking around number, that will be 20-margin-points difference between an average household versus average personal care, personal care being higher.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes. Well, look, the things that move our gross margin is several things. One is new products, right, so new products that we launch are typically going to be higher than the brand average. So that's a mover within the business. And obviously, people are incented to develop products with higher gross margins. The second thing, you're correct, the personal care has been a bit of a drag at least certainly in the third quarter, x the Vitamin business, and that's the higher margin stuff. So that's the side of the business we would need to get rolling on a consistent basis because we've had some fits and starts over the last year or 2, where we were growing and then we were not growing. The third thing is acquisitions. So the acquisitions that we buy, typically, are gross margin accretive. That wasn't true for Avid because when we bought them, they had a 38% gross margin. But we did say that, over time, we expect to get that to corporate gross margins, and we're still committed to that. And so that's going to help us as well as we come up the line on that one. So it's new products, it's personal care improvement, and it's acquisitions. And finally, the most important thing in recent history is our good-to-great program, so our continuous improvement program. So think about the third quarter, where you have a huge negative price mix, and, at the same time, you're expanding your gross margin, and it's really remarkable. And the way this program works is we're always looking ahead the next 2 to 3 years where we can debottleneck plants and change formulations, negotiate with suppliers, through CapEx, automate our manufacturing processes such that we can reduce the cost per unit of our products. So that is central to our gross margin strategy going forward.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Still the traditional food channel because that's the -- not only because the prior owners of the business literally didn't have the arms and legs to calm that channel, we do, so we're in there big time doing that. But there's other distribution opportunities in other channels too, but the biggest difference versus where we want to be, I would say, is still in the traditional food stores.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Yes, well, it's -- the new product introductions are the biggest factor. Well, we can't -- we won't talk about those until the first week of February. We still have vitamin growth next year. And we have the improvement in the cyclical Specialty Products business. So remember that business collapsed in the second quarter from a volume standpoint and, by itself, took our full year down by 50 basis points from an organic standpoint. So that will come back as well. But it's really those 3 factors: new products, vitamin growth and improvement in the cyclical Specialty Products business.
Matthew Thomas Farrell: Right. It's -- again, we continue to support the brands, and we can't -- it's not going to -- the battle won't be fought completely with respect to price.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Two questions. First thing is the implied increase in marketing spending in the second half is actually really -- it's quite large. So could you talk maybe a little bit more about the promotional aspects. I just want to make sure I'm correct that you're also planning a pretty significant increase in more advertising-type marketing spending.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Okay. So that's not necessarily against new products, it's just sort of another way to combat the environment, perhaps, a little bit higher quality than just for pure promotion.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Okay. And then the second thing was just, Jim, I was struck by your sort of, for you especially, relative optimism about the sort of competitive and consumer environment for next year and also by the fact that you commented on like innovation being the key, addressing [ph] almost if the innovation hadn't been that interesting this year. It just -- it didn't really feel like consistent with how you spoke about innovation from Church & Dwight at the start of the year. You had the laundry compaction. There was a lot of exciting stuff at that stock exchange meeting. So I mean, is it really just a similar year in terms of innovation? Are you more optimistic about how it plays out in the market? Or I don't know, it just seemed like a little bit different, for you especially.
