Richard Dierker: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everybody. We'll start with EPS. Third quarter EPS was $0.76, down 5% to prior year. The $0.76 was better than our $0.65 outlook primarily due to higher sales, lower SG&A expense and timing of marketing spend.  Reported revenue was up 0.4%, including a 1% drag from currency. Revenue was higher than our outlook of minus 1%.  Organic sales declined 0.7% as volume was down 8.5%, partially offset by positive pricing of 7.8%. Matt reviewed the top line for the segments, so I will go right to gross margin for the company. Our third quarter gross margin was 41.7%, a 250 basis point decrease from a year ago.  Let me walk you through the Q3 bridge. Gross margin was impacted by 580 basis points of higher manufacturing costs, primarily related to commodity inflation, distribution and labor. These costs were offset by a positive 190 basis point impact, largely from pricing; positive 20 basis points from acquisitions and a positive 120 basis points from productivity.  Moving to marketing. Marketing was down $20 million year-over-year, although this was a significant increase of $40 million sequentially from our first half 2022 levels of 8% of sales, as our fill rates have improved. Fill rates in Q3 were 91%, and we expect further improvement in Q4.  Marketing expense as a percentage of net sales was 10.7% in the quarter. We expect continued increase in marketing spend in Q4 to approximately 13% of net sales.  For SG&A, Q3 adjusted SG&A decreased 30 basis points year-over-year. Other expense all-in was $19.4 million, a $7.3 million increase resulting from higher average outstanding debt levels and higher interest rates. And for income tax, our effective rate for the quarter was 20.2% compared to 20.4% a year ago.  And now to cash. For the first 9 months of 2022, cash from operating activities decreased $119.5 million to $534 million due primarily to higher inventory levels from WATERPIK, FLAWLESS and vitamin. We expect inventory levels to come down over the next 12 months.  And as of September 30, cash on hand was $438 million. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect reported sales growth of approximately 2%, organic sales decline of approximately 1% and gross margin contraction. Adjusted EPS is expected to be $0.58 to $0.62 per share, a 3% to 9% decrease from last year's adjusted Q4 EPS. This decline is primarily due to significantly higher quarterly tax rate of 25% versus an unusually low tax rate in the prior year of 3.7%, which was largely due to a high number of stock option exercises a year ago.  Turning to the full year, we expect the full year outlook for reported sales growth to be approximately 3%, the midpoint of our previously 2% to 4% range. We expect organic sales growth to be approximately 1%. The strong consumption across most of our businesses in 2022 has offset the slowdown in discretionary brands, as Matt talked about. We now expect full year adjusted EPS to be $2.93 to $2.97, a decline of 2% to 3% compared to 2021. The range is influenced by the extent of margin mix within the portfolio. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be 23%. And we now expect cash from operations for the full year to be approximately $800 million.  And our full year CapEx plan is now approximately $170 million as we continue to expand manufacturing capacity in anticipation of future growth in laundry and litter. In closing, we continue to perform in a volatile environment. We expect further market share gains in Q4 as we invest in our brands and our supply chain fill levels continue to improve.  And with that, Matt and I would be happy to take any questions.
Richard Dierker: Yes. Dara, it's Rick. I'll take the margin mix, and Matt will take the vitamin question. So really, the change in the outlook is pretty straightforward. It is -- we didn't change the revenue outlook. We're still the midpoint, the 3% number. The mix to get there has been a little bit different though. The businesses like FLAWLESS and WATERPIK and vitamins have come down and the rest of the household portfolio has gone up. And so that's created a mix pressure. Matt also talked about how there's a trade down for WATERPIK going from the higher-priced units to the lower-priced units, that's also caused a mix issue on a profit basis and that's impacted earnings.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And I would only add to that, that we tried to give you a little bit more visibility and granularity into it. But if we were flat for the quarter on net sales, we said those 3 businesses were about a 6% headwind. And as Matt said, our divisions are usually 80-20 split, but WATERPIK is probably more 50-50. But I don't think we'll get any more granularity, but we had a 6% headwind in the quarter.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And then on the Vitamin side, we think that, as Matt said in his prepared remarks, that we're starting to see the minus 8% to minus 4% just because of the Delta variant year-over-year. And we're seeing that start to inflect in a good pattern, so that's about the color we'd give you.
Richard Dierker: I'll start with CapEx and then maybe Matt can end up on the consumer. So -- and I'll talk about demand a little bit, too. So on CapEx, for example, we had said for 2023, we're going to have about $300 million of CapEx, a step-up, and that was laundries, litter and vitamins to recall. We put a pause on the vitamin CapEx. And so that new number for 2023 will be probably between $250 million and $270 million. We'll finalize that when we give our full 2023 outlook. So that's on the CapEx side.
Richard Dierker: And on Vitamins, I would just add, I think it's really key to understand when we're talking about the category, right? And yes, the category was down 8% in 2022, but it was up 33% in 2021. And that's what Matt had in his comments. So on a stacked basis, it's up 25%. So it's not like the category is cratering, I think it's just coming back in line with a super high growth relative to the pre-COVID levels.
Richard Dierker: Yes. Well, that answer is a little bit more complicated. But our fill rates in Q3 were 91%. We expect in Q4 they're going to be closer to 93%, 94%. Remember, historical full numbers were 98%. So we're within spitting distance of that. There's a few key areas that -- largely raw materials that are still holding us back in a couple of key categories. In some cases, it's capacity for international that's being addressed as well. So I think as we exit this year, in most categories, we'll be shipping to consumption.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I would just say, as Matt said, higher marketing because we're going to have higher fill rates, so that kind of normalizes -- normalized incentive comp. We're going to have a gross margin tailwind though is what we expect. So a lot of puts and takes. We're not ready to call 2023 yet. We'll do that in 3 more months. I would just say we are having some glimmers of hope on the RFPs and some of the commodities are starting to inflect. But again, we're not going to get into that detail.
Richard Dierker: That's a good question. So usually, just for context, right, we are usually about 60% to 70% hedged by now. I said last call, we were approximately 0% hedged. I would tell you today, we're about 25%. We did do some diesel before the run-up as an example. But mostly, we're still not back to historical levels on hedging because we believe those costs will continue to come down.
Richard Dierker: Nik, it's Rick. I'll take it. Early in the quarter, we talked about that. We gave a bit of guidance in September. And we said part of the reason was actually because of inventory destocking at retail and it wasn't just one category, it was multiple categories. And so that was implicitly already in our minus 1 outlook. And so we saw that early in the quarter. But after we got through that, we didn't really see it any further.
Richard Dierker: And Kevin, it's always a measure of how much complexity the organization can handle at one time, and that has to do with when and how much we're integrating. And the THERABREATH deal, as Matt said, was an easy tuck-in. We're fully integrated from a systems perspective already. Hero, we're going to integrate from a systems perspective by middle of the year. So that's a pretty quick process.
Richard Dierker: Yes. Rupesh, it's Rick. Yes, it's a fair question. I'd say 2 things. One, we expect inventories to get back in line over the next 12 months is what I said in my prepared remarks, right? We've adjusted production levels for some of those long-lead devices we source out of China as an example, like WATERPIK and FLAWLESS. It just takes months to run through that inventory as consumption slowed a bit.  But we have taken some inventory reserves, both in Q2 and Q3, whenever we have long-dated products like that. So we feel like we've already recognized some of that.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I mean I kind of went through the bridge a little bit in my prepared remarks. I would just probably keep it high level. And I would say our -- previously, in Q4, we had said that was the quarter that we expected to inflect positively finally for gross margin. We've been saying it all year long. And so now we're seeing contraction. I would just say that we think it's going to contract slightly. I think it's going to be much improved sequentially. I think we were down 250 in Q3. We're not going to be down, in our opinion, not near that much in Q4. So tailwinds from that perspective. And that's partly because of comps on commodities, it's partly because Q4 itself in the prior year is a little bit lower baseline. But I mean, there are a couple of puts and takes.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I would just add to that. Remember, our order fill is 91% for the quarter, right? It's a tale of 2 cities, it's probably like 94% for household, it's in the mid-80s for personal care. So you're right, the bulk of the decline in personal care are those 3 businesses. It's FLAWLESS, WATERPIK and Vitamins. We still have 4 or 5 key issues on personal care that we're trying to solve. And we're not going to go through all that detail, but I'll give you an example, right? BATISTE is growing like -- it's doing fantastic, we can't meet all the demand. Consumption is up dramatically. And there's can shortages out there, right? You hear that in the beer industry as an example. And so aluminum cans. But we're trying to add that as quickly as possible to meet that unbelievable demand.  Another example would be VMS, not just because the category is down, but our fill level down is lower than we would like because of one key ingredient on one specific SKU. So there is some personal care pressure because of fill rates that we expect to largely be behind us as we exit Q4.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I would say incentive comp is going to be a headwind next year. We're tracking anywhere between a 30% payout, as an example. It's probably the best ballpark I'd give you. And so that will be a headwind next year as we get back up to 1.0 payout would be our expectations. Your first question was on -- remind me, Jason.
Richard Dierker: Yes, yes. And I think we'll go through that in February. We'll be very clear on what it is and what it means. I think you should expect that it's a stairstep over time back to what we think has been our sweet spot in marketing from a historical perspective.
Richard Dierker: Yes. Thanks, Andrea. I think -- there's 2 core issues with the vitamin portfolio. One is the category, that is the overarching and greatest issue. And we quoted a little earlier about 2021 Q3 was 33% growth. And so we're coming off that extreme high. It's coming off a little bit more than we thought. But that's what's been happening in these last 13 weeks or so. And we expect that to kind of intend you but inflect a little bit better as we move forward, right? So that's the biggest one.  The second one is fill levels, and Matt kind of went through that a little bit as well. And we expect that as we exit the year, our fill levels for vitamins will improve, so that will help our share.  So those are the 2 biggest things. I probably wouldn't give you much more detail than that in terms of how big that -- we try to give you a little bit more granularity at this time that, hey, 10% of the business is the discretionary portfolio, FLAWLESS and WATERPIK, and another 10% is this vitamin number. I think the key take home comment though is really 2 parts of it, and it's predominantly more of the category than a fill level issue.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I don't have the domestic household versus personal care in front of me, but I can help you with the price/volume mix kind of across time. In Q1, we had 7.8% growth in price/mix. And then we went to 6.2% in Q2. And we said that was largely because of the WATERPIK mix issue. From Q2 to Q3, we bumped back up to 7.8%. And so that new laundry and litter pricing that was really announced in Q2, we had a full year -- full quarter impact of that in Q3. So that was overweighing any other drag from WATERPIK or whatnot. So then -- yes, so that's kind of the sequence of events on some of the drivers of price mix.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I'm not ready to give quarterly or first half, second half guidance on 2023 yet. I would just say that we're kind of getting ahead of ourselves talking about 2023 at all, and so we were just trying to give broad brush strokes. And I would tell you the answer as of right now, our visibility is gross margin expands next year. And we'll get into all the details, all the bridges that you guys want to in February.
Richard Dierker: Yes. I think it's -- Matt, I'm sure I have some comments, too. But overall, fill rates, we think, being at 98% means that -- for 2023 means that we're going to be able to match consumption all year long, that we're not going to be able to have to turn down promotions in certain areas, because that has happened this year. We've said as much as we would like to, we can't. And I'm not going to go through the different examples of that, but that exists. So that's kind of in the back of my mind when we're talking about fill.
Richard Dierker: Yes, I think that's kind of alluded to at last quarter, that we expected SG&A favorability. And fortunately it is because of incentive comp. When you have some of these recessionary pressures on discretionary items, it's dragging the whole company below some of the key metrics. And so I just answered Jason and said that our payout was tracking around 30%. And so that's a benefit in the quarter per se and for the year, not the one that we would want and that we'll have to get refunded next year.
Richard Dierker: Yes, you always have to accrue kind of on a year-to-date basis, and we were tracking more favorably in Q1 and Q2. And then as some of these pressures like on inventory, for example, on these discretionary categories impacted cash flow, then we have to adjust the accrual and you get like some of the catch-up, year-to-date catch-up in the Q3 accrual, as an example. So yes, that's true.
Richard Dierker: Yes. No, it's a fair question. The nuance is when we were doing all of our capital planning and demand forecasting 12 months ago, when we started that project, it was jumping off of a baseline of this new COVID behavior, assuming all this behavior is stuck and all this incremental, whatever, 50% increase from 2019 stuck, there's no decline. And so now that we're seeing a decline from that behavior, not all of it going back, but a decline from that behavior, we're just readjusting our baseline and growing from there. So when we do that, it doesn't mean that we're going to not do the capacity project, it just means we need to -- we can easily pause it for 12 to 18 months, and that's what we plan on doing.
Richard Dierker: Yes. And I would just add to that. I actually think it's a net-net positive though, like -- and it doesn't matter if the interest rate is 2%, 4%, 6%. A good business that we want to own and a brand that's going to be around for 50 years typically is going to generate a lot of cash earnings and most of the time, accretion as well. But for those people that are bidding against us, especially private equity, they could not handle 6% or 7% interest rate.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. With respect to vitamins, as you heard in my opening remarks, we've lost some share due to fill rates. So we had lost some consumers to brands earlier in the year. So we got to win them back. And there's definitely fewer households purchasing.  Your question is, , is can we call the bottom? And do we know that all the consumers who are leaving the category have left? Obviously, not knowable. I will say that the coming flu season actually should bolster the VMS category, just beyond COVID because we haven't had a weaker flu season for a few years.  But we -- given it's been many quarters now, several quarters since the end of COVID, we do think things are starting to bottom out. As I mentioned, since we saw that in the fourth quarter that, at least early in the fourth quarter, the decline year-over-year is reduced to 4% where it was 8% in the previous quarter. So it's possible that we could be hitting an inflection point where the category may flatten out and then start to grow.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I'll just comment that, as you know, WATERPIK is a global business, so it affects both international and U.S. U.S. being the lion's share of the business. And U.S., is even more -- FLAWLESS even more skewed towards the U.S.  So if -- I don't have those numbers for you. But I think it's fair to say that 6% is probably somewhat equally split for WATERPIK as far as U.S. versus international and more skewed towards the U.S. for FLAWLESS.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And Chris, the reason we called that out in the release on the call this morning is because we want to put a ring fence around where our problems are. We got 80% of the business that's really clicking. And we have 3 businesses, we like them on a long-term basis, but certainly hurt us in an environment where you have a weakening consumer, weakening economy.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I'm sure a lot of people have questions about 2023, but what we can say about that 10% of the business WATERPIK and FLAWLESS is that next couple of quarters, we do expect to be choppy, meaning Q1 and Q2 of next year, just looking at year-over-year comps, et cetera. But we think after that, things are going to even out. .
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And you had a question about marketing. If you look back over the last few quarters, just kind of round numbers, Q1 and Q2, we had 8% marketing as a percentage of sales. And why? Because we had lower fill rates. So that was prudent not to be spending at a higher rate.  And that amped up in Q3 where it's 10.7%. And you can -- you see we're calling 13% in Q4. And then I'd say next year -- so on a full year basis, this year, we're probably around 10%. But we do expect next year to build on that. So that will move to a higher number. As fill rates become more normal, the marketing spend will also return to a normal rate.
Matthew Farrell: No, I don't think supply would be a very big factor here. I think this is entirely driven by the economy and the consumer. And we've seen this before many, many years ago during the great recession. So we're seeing it in liquid laundry detergent. We're seeing it in the pods. And one we didn't talk about is Scent Boosters, where Scent Boosters the category was flat, but we were up 3% or 4%.  So everywhere where we have the value, and I'm sure your comment about supply does not extend to all liquid laundry, pods, Scent Boosters every aspect of laundry, so we're seeing it in so many subcategories within laundry. It's weak concluded. It's real and it will continue.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. As far as inventory in the channel, Steve, it's -- that's more -- the focus here is more on WATERPIK and FLAWLESS. And that's why we think for the next, say, 6 to 8 months, I think it's going to be choppier for those 2 brands. But we don't have worries about ship to consumption with respect to the rest of the business.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. So all those factors, Steve, they're all material one way or the other. So the question is how big are each of them once we get to the end of January when we call 2023.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, as far as households, losing households, that's -- that's not something that's been a topic for discussion here as far as people -- less people doing wash loads. So I can't go any further on that.  As far as XTRA goes, yes, we've been prioritizing ARM & HAMMER over XTRA for the past 18 to 24 months just because of the fill rate issues. That's behind us now. But we are expecting that in 2023, XTRA could clearly be a winner as that's our deep value detergent. And we did see the same phenomenon back in -- during the great recession. So I think that's ahead of us. And you said you had another one too, Nik, on FLAWLESS.
Matthew Farrell: No. I would say that the size of the prize is so great with the younger consumers that we don't think that, that shift is going to be so dramatic and so noticeable that it's going to alienate the older consumer. So I would say no, that's not a worry.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I can't comment on competitors, so you can appreciate that. But if I look at, take laundry detergent and cat litter, so on the household side of the house, and those are the most promotional areas. So the category sold-on deal for liquid laundry was 32% in Q3. And we were at 26%. And obviously, we have competitors that are higher than that. But that 32% was actually down year-over-year. So I still think that the category spend, the promotional environment, is still lower than it has been historically.  And then it's probably worthwhile talking about litter as well. The sold-on deal in litter was 10% in Q3. And that's also historically low as well. Now we were at 13% in Q3, but the 10% and the 13% are still lower than historical levels, which are typically in the high teens level. So it's all ahead of us right now, but I wouldn't say that the environment has been super promotional in Q3, and that could change in Q4 and Q1.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. Well, it's important to remember, when we acquire businesses, go back to THERABREATH, for example. We didn't take a whole lot of employees from THERABREATH. And we already have an oral care business, right? So oral care business handles toothbrushes, toothpaste. It's ORAJEL. So we're already in the category dealing with the same buyers. So that was really a tuck-in.  And then when you think about Hero, keep in mind, for Hero, we're hanging on to the 3 founders that are sticking with us for the next few years, and we want to retain all the employees. So we got an intact, high-performing team to run that business. So we don't feel like we're in a position where we can't look at another business.  And as you said, the balance sheet is pretty strong. And as far as the pipeline goes, we are always looking at new deals and have even looked at one since the Hero deal closed. So it's not to say we're going to transact, but we're always looking for strong brands and good categories.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. We're -- we haven't done the math. I mean you took a swing out of back of the envelope, but we're not prepared to tell you, okay, for international and for the U.S. business, here we're going to recast what we put in the release by division.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. I mean, where we are right now, we're winning. So some of the numbers I quoted, the category in liquid laundry is 32%, we're at 26%. And we're gaining share. So you're right, it would appear that there's no need for a heat-up, but I can't predict what competitors will do in the next 6 months.
Matthew Farrell: Look, we were planning on expanding our capacity, right? We've got to put a pause on that. But we do think so long term, we're going to need that capacity.  The transition from pills and capsules to the gummies is a pretty important factor. So if you look at the percentage today, it's 27% of the total VMS category is gummies. And we expect that's going to continue in the future. And a lot of people discovered the category as a result of COVID. Yes, certainly, some people have exited, but not all.  So consequently, we think the future is still bright for the business, but we're going to have a kind of a rough ride here, at least for the next couple of quarters.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. And when we say out-of-stocks are a lot better and less of an issue, it's because we finally cracked the low 90s. But we still leave money on the table. The out-of-stocks being at 90% is not something we're proud of. And by the way, we still get it with retailer funds because of our inability to fill. So that's another drag that we have on our gross profit.  So we definitely do, in certain categories, have certain SKUs that are problems for us that are creating a drag on our organic sales, Lauren.
Matthew Farrell: If you recall, Lauren, we have 4 targets annually, right? Sales, gross margin, EPS and cash. And the last 2, we got a 0 on. So that's what's affecting our incentive comp, as you well know, where our EPS is and our cash flow.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. The other thing, too, Bill, is during COVID times, we had to go outside and get a third-party supplier. So we have more flex in our ability to supply today. So that gives us a little more flexibility with timing of the CapEx.
Matthew Farrell: No, it's a great observation. We look at where the tenure is right now and where it's going and just to look at the change in commercial rates, it's more expensive to fund an acquisition. And we're focused on incremental cash earnings, and cash earnings is impacted by interest rates and interest expense. So yes, that would make it a higher hurdle as far as at least how we look at deals from a cash earnings standpoint.
Matthew Farrell: Yes. That's an insightful question. We are worried about the European consumer over the next 6 months and just focus on the effect of heating bills. I'm sure you've read about the government support to try to cover some of that. But just to give you an illustration, like our utility bills in our U.K. plant are up 80% year-over-year. So it is something to watch. It's something we've built into our Q4 look, but it is a concern. So it's a good observation, Bryan.
Matthew Farrell: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today, and we do look forward to talking to everybody about 2023. So thanks for joining us.
Lauren Lieberman: So just a few questions. First thing is just gross margin progression. I know, Rick, you mentioned it's likely a tailwind overall next year. But when I look at kind of this quarter, what's implied for 4Q and that you've talked about continued headwind, at least in the first half -- first half of the year, more or less, in some of the more discretionary businesses, it feels like that gross margin progression is still like getting back -- you're probably not inflecting to up until we get toward the second half of '23. I mean is that fair? Just again, given the mix dynamics that you've kind of called out on the discretionary side of the business.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then I wanted to come back again on fill rates, which is -- it's a question of just kind of grappled with a couple of times already this year, really going back over the last 12-plus months. But fill rates have been improving, as you've said, and that's been an achievement. I understand categories where ability to supply, of course it makes sense to push on the string in terms of marketing. But you've also said out-of-stocks haven't been an issue. So I just still don't really understand why improving fill rates is a true tailwind to the business as we move forward. I mean, not saying that you didn't have to fix it and you did. But I just want to understand the tailwind to sales growth that should come from improving fill rates if out-of-stocks haven't been a problem.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And final thing was just the SG&A in the quarter. It was down a bunch, not terribly different than last quarter. But just anyway -- I'm sorry, than a year ago. But just curious on the levels of SG&A spending, if there's like an incentive comp reset we should be thinking about, but presumably that would come next year. But any color on the SG&A piece would be great, too.
