Rick Dierker: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everybody. We'll start with EPS. Third quarter adjusted EPS, which excludes the positive earnout adjustments, was $0.80, up 14.3% to prior year. We don't expect any further adjustments to the earnout. The $0.80 was better than our $0.70 outlook, primarily due to continued strong consumer demand and higher than expected sales as well as lower incentive comp and lower marketing spend as supply chain shortages were impacting customer fill rates. We also overcame a higher tax rate year-over-year. Reported revenue was up 5.7% and organic sales were up 3.7%. Matt covered the details of the top line. I'll jump right into gross margin. Our third quarter gross margin was 44.2%, a 130 basis point decrease from a year ago. This was below our previous outlook of expansion as we faced incremental pressure from the effect of Hurricane Ida on material costs and distribution. Gross margin was impacted by 500 basis points of higher manufacturing costs, primarily related to commodities, distribution and labor. Tariff costs negatively impacted gross margin by an additional 40 basis points. These costs were partially offset by a positive 250 basis point impact from price/volume mix and a positive 120 basis point impact from productivity. Moving to marketing. Marketing was down $10 million year-over-year as we lowered spend to reduce demand until fill rates could recover. Marketing expense as a percentage of net sales was healthy at 12.3%. For SG&A, Q3 adjusted SG&A decreased to 180 basis points year-over-year with lower legal costs and lower incentive comp. Other expense all-in was $12.1 million, a slight decline due to lower interest expense from lower interest rates. And for income tax, our effective rate for the quarter was 20.4% compared to 17.3% in 2020, an increase of 310 basis points, primarily driven by lower stock option exercises. We continue to expect the full year rate to be 23%. And net of cash, for the first nine months of 2021, cash from operating activities decreased 18% to $653 million due to higher cash earnings being offset by an increase in working capital. We continue to expect cash from operations to be approximately $950 million for the full year. As of September 30th, cash on hand was $180. Our full year CapEx plan is now $120 million, down from the original $180 million in the outlook due to purchase timing. This CapEx move out a year and we now expect CapEx in 2022 to exceed $200 million. Future is bright as we continue to expand manufacturing and distribution capacity primarily focused on laundry, litter and vitamin. On October 28th, the Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program up to $1 billion. As you read in the release, this is a sign of our confidence in the company’s future performance and the expectations of our robust cash flow generation. Our number one priority for capital allocation remains acquisitions. And given our low leverage ratios, we have confidence to do both. Through October, we purchased approximately $130 million worth of shares and in Q4, we will likely get ahead of our 2022 planned purchases as well. And now to the full year outlook. We now expect the full year 2021 reported sales growth to be approximately 5.5% and organic sales growth to be approximately 4%. Our consumption is strong and outpacing shipments. We expect our customer fill levels to improve throughout Q4. Turning to gross margin. We now expect full year gross margin to be down 170 basis points, previously down to 75 basis points. This represents an incremental impact from our last guidance due to broad based inflation on raws and transportation costs. That was exacerbated by Hurricane Ida. In our prior outlook, we had discussed $125 million of higher cost versus our plan. That number today is $170 million and the majority of that increase in the last 90 days relates to transportation, labor and other increases. As a reminder, we price to protect gross profit dollars, not necessarily margin. The $45 million movement versus our previous outlook is primarily noncommodity related. [Commodity] spot pricing today is elevated compared to spot pricing just three months ago. And now for the full year. We expect adjusted EPS to be 6%. Our brands continue to go from strength to strength as strong consumption and organic sales growth lap almost 10% organic growth a year ago. And while inflation is broad based, we have taken pricing actions to mitigate, which gives us confidence over the long term. For our Q4 outlook, we expect reported sales growth of approximately 3%. We expect organic sales growth of approximately 2% due to the supply chain constraints and our SPD business to return to a more normal growth rate. Adjusted EPS is expected to be $0.61 per share, up 15% from last year's adjusted EPS. And with that, Matt and I would be happy to take any questions.
Rick Dierker: From a top line perspective, organic for the domestic division was, I think, 2.8%. If we look at what consumption was, remember, our fill levels at retail are pretty good, our in shelf, in stock levels are in the mid-90s. We want to be in the high 90s, but are in the mid 90s. The consumption was closer to 6%. And so that just means retailer inventories are depleted to some degree. So you can do the math between the 2.7% and really the 6% consumption.
Rick Dierker: Just to kind of triangulate what we're seeing. I would tell you that in our July outlook, if we looked at our Q4 forecast, for example, and you look at the gross margin bridge or even the dollars, we were seeing that inflation was largely going to be offset by price. Fast forward three months and the gap is a couple of hundred basis points. And so that's why we're -- as Matt said, revisiting pricing, that's why we're doing more pricing for other parts of the portfolio. We are going to -- I think it's a no-brainer at this point in time, we are going to assume spot pricing as we move into 2022 for a large part of it that we're at right now. We're going to assume transportation tightness. The good thing for us, though, is as our fill levels improve, that tightness, the efficiency improves. There's still macro tightness but the efficiency of our trucks improved and we're going to assume labor is still elevated. But we're going to do as best we can to mitigate as much as that and we'll give you our outlook in January.
Rick Dierker: And then on elasticities, I'd say we're really happy where it's at for many of the household products. I think we moved first in laundry as an example. But competition is starting to move. And the elasticities are better than we had expected, which is good. And then litter, when I originally told you about the litter price increase, we assume competition did not move when we did all of our math in our forecast and it's obvious that competition has moved in litter as well.
Rick Dierker: We're not going to comment really on our outlook for 2022 yet. We'll go through it in detail next quarter. I'd say, yes, there's tailwinds. Matt talked about that shipments have been lagging consumption. We do well in any economic environment, value and premium, macroeconomy also matters. And when we have a lot of stimulus in 2021 that cannot repeat that level in 2022. So those are the brief comments on the outlook.
Rick Dierker: But Olivia, I would say, just to echo what Matt said. We were at almost 14% market in Q3 a year ago and almost 15.5% marketing in Q4 a year ago. Those are well in excess of what we would normally spend in marketing. So those aren't really the right comparable. The right comparable is our Evergreen model between 11% and 12%.
Rick Dierker: Maybe I'll start and then Matt has something to add. This isn't new news. At CAGNY this year, we kind of alluded to that we had significant capacity investments for laundry, litter and vitamins. We also said it, I think, at our Analyst Day. Typically, we are 2% or lower on CapEx spend as a percent of revenue and I think we had signaled that it would be closer to 4% for 2022 and 2023. Today, some of those 2021 projects are slipping just because of time line and same supply chain challenges we have in providing finished goods also is happening in the CapEx installation market. So I would say that we're in excess of $200 million. In excess of $200 million is our outlook for 2022 and it will be even higher than that in 2023, and that would flow back down to our normal 2% of sales.
Rick Dierker: And Dara, these are our largest businesses, vitamins, litter and laundry. So we've got a lot of faith in the brands. We've got tremendous consumption. So we're real excited about adding this capacity, because it's going to stand us well for years to come.
Rick Dierker: I don't see the risk, frankly. We're not alone, Dara, as you know, with respect to raising prices, et cetera. So I think it's a level playing field out there right now. And you keep in mind that our growth rate in Q3 was almost 4% on top of 10% growth last year and our brands, our consumption is super strong. And the retailers are aware of that they see the demand for our products. So we're not worried about shelf space losses as a result of our actions.
Rick Dierker: I'm going to do my best to answer that. Your phone is breaking up significantly. I believe you're asking about the hedging. We are about 90% hedged for 2021. And as we entered the year, we were significantly hedged, which was a good thing. And as we enter 2022, about now we're about 45% hedged. And of course, there's probably, I don't know, between $10 million and $20 million worth of a benefit from 2021 hedging. And so just as we layer on our new hedges versus that, that's a headwind but that's something that we've known about for a long time and are managing to do. As of right now, hedges are very expensive. So we actually lean towards a lot of the spot market as of right now. The volatility in the market in 2021 has, I think, made the banks less likely to offer up any reasonable hedges for 2022. So that's a quick overview of the hedging.
Rick Dierker: Well, as Matt said, and I mentioned too on elasticities, elasticities are better than we expected because competition has moved. And so we're really happy with that. I think some competitors, as they do more couponing or whatnot or higher trade and laundry, we have added a little bit of trade back in Q4, but we're well below normal levels as an example. So I think overall, Andrea, I would say it's gone better than expected from a price cap perspective.
Rick Dierker: Well, let's just take a big step back. $170 million is versus our outlook, our plan, if you add in -- let's talk year-over-year. The year-over-year number is about $250 million or about 9% of COGS. So that's the year-over-year inflation in 2021. What we're talking about in my comment on the hedging was between $10 million to $20 million, which in the grand scheme of things is a peanut compared to the $250 million that I'm talking about. And so yes, that will be a rollover. Some of these latest price movements will be a rollover. But that's what pricing actions that we've talked about in different categories that we feel pretty good about because competition is moving. And it's not just one category or even within CPG, it's broad based within many different categories across many different aisles.
Rick Dierker: That's 2021 versus 2020, actual. So it's actual and then spot pricing for the last two months of the year.
Rick Dierker: No, Andrea. It's $250 million for the full year forecast 2021 versus 2020. If we didn't have any hedges, you would add another $10 million to $20 million.
Rick Dierker: We called incremental inflation in 2022. I would not expect to have another year of 9% inflation on top of 9% inflation.
Rick Dierker: And we're also optimistic by nature in that. If Hurricane Ida hadn't happened, we would have been on the road to recovery and further along than where we ended up. We kind of ended up at the same spot but that was largely due to additional hurricane pressures and disruption.
Rick Dierker: It's really two things. One is SPD comes back to normal growth rates. It had a fantastic 18% organic growth quarter in Q3. And part of that was because of the comp a year ago, but Q4 comes down to normal. So I'd say maybe half the deceleration in the company organic growth rate is SPD. And the other half is we’re being conservative on the the fill rates. As they continue to improve but we're still assuming they're in the low 80s. And then we said in the first half of 2022, it gets back to normal. So I would just say it's probably conservatism. If great unbelievable consumption demand continues like we just saw in Q3 or earlier then when you have a bigger number times 80% fill rate then that's when you kind of over-deliver on the quarter, and that's what happened for us in Q3, we out-delivered because of consumer domestic. So yes, short story is we still think the fill rates are what impacts us.
Rick Dierker: Let me just make one comment, and I'm sure Matt has some color, too. But we need to distinguish between fill rates and in stock levels. Fill rates are in the low 80s. In stock levels are in the mid-90s. So very rarely is a consumer going to shelf and not being able to buy our product. What's happened is mostly retail inventories have been depleted, like in their warehouses or our inventories are lower. Hopefully, that clears some of it up.
Rick Dierker: And I might also say, we haven't spent as much on trade spending or couponing because we don't want to exacerbate at shelf fill levels as well.
Rick Dierker: The thing we go to think about is -- and when we talk about in-stock levels, we're talking about on shelf. Now the hole is in the DCs, the distribution centers. So that's where I think it's hand to mouth and that's where the opportunity is to close the gap between consumption and shipments.
Rick Dierker: And Lauren, the only class of trade that's not true in it is Club, because Club has their inventory at their stores as opposed to DCs.
Rick Dierker: Yes, exactly right. It would be gradual over time as different brands recover faster and is a stair step back up to normalcy.
Rick Dierker: We look at that closely and we continue to look at when you’re pricing up 80% of your portfolio, we're doing a lot of work on what the price gaps are in all the categories where we have raised price and intend to raise price. But part of our operating model long term has always been this round number is 60-40 split between premium and value. And we do think that -- we do want to preserve that and we do want to preserve the price gaps. So consequently, we will always have that ability to perform well in good and bad times. So now to answer your question directly, we'd not be looking to drive these value brands up into, say, mid-tier.
Rick Dierker: As you see share recover in most cases, 80% of the cases, I would say, it's largely supply chain disruption that had happened. So as you see -- so share recovery in certain areas, it's largely because supply chain is improving.
Rick Dierker: We would just say it's going to be a good tailwind if it gets back to normal levels of cold and flu season.
Rick Dierker: We're going to defer that question to January when we give our outlook of all the details and all the moving pieces. We're still firming up all of our pricing plans that we're talking about for the balance of the 30%, all those other moving pieces. But you are right, we said we're going to price to protect dollars and not margin and that's we think the right approach, but we'll give you more detail on what we think gross margin will do in January.
Rick Dierker: If demand is exceptionally high and you fill it 80%, you can still have -- in theory, you could still have 99% in-stock levels at shelf.
Rick Dierker: So if you just graph the dollars and shipments, as an example, Jason, you would see that we have dollars in shipments that are similar to past practice and historical levels, it’s just the demand is so strong.
Rick Dierker: I think the marketing line, we've said many times that it's a range of 11% to 12%. I think in 2020, if you're jumping off from that baseline, that was an extreme -- if we're talking about swimming and diving boards, that's the high dive. And that's pretty elevated, 15.5%, 15.6% in Q4 of 2020, I think, was our all-time high in the history of the company for marketing spend as a percentage. So we were very flushed in the end of 2020. And so we spent incremental marketing more so than we ever had in the past. And I would say our evergreen model is between 11% and 12%. And we think that our 2022 plan will be back within that range, probably the lower end of that range. So that's partly, I would say, is some of the flow is we're not going to get back up to the high 11s in 2022 as an example.
Rick Dierker: Yes, you double check the transcript, I think our number was approximately 11.5% for the full year last time.
Rick Dierker: Well, from '19 to '21, probably the biggest movement is actually probably amortization. We typically are very conservative in some of the deals that we do, do and we don't we typically amortize those trade names over 10, 15 years. And so adding ZICAM into the mix, as an example, would have had amortization between '19 to '21.
Rick Dierker: And look, we're a lean company. SG&A is always lean. We're investing heavily for different things like RPA for our back office and we're looking at centralizing back offices as we go into Asia in a bigger way. But all those things are our nickels and dimes. But for us, that's how we tend to find a way forward. So again, I don't want to get to 2020 too much today, we're happy to go through it in spades in January.
Matt Farrell: We always have a robust lineup for new products we did in '21. We have them ready to go in '22 and we got great ideas for '23. So as you know, retailers are interested in innovation and it attracts consumers to the store increases, footfall. So I think we're in good shape for 2022. The question is, our consumers -- we do think that the balance sheet for consumers is healthy right now. So disposable income is up and savings rates are up. But going the other way is inflation so one headline is the $4 for a gallon of gasoline. As far as the willingness to buy new products and for demand to stay strong, the stimulus has ended. I do think household balance sheets are strong at the moment. And likely, we'll sustain strong demand for a couple of quarters, although visibility is poor beyond quarter or two, as we all know. But we got a good lineup for 2021 and we do think, at least in the near term, the consumer has seemed somewhat flushed and that often influences their buying intent.
Matt Farrell: We are aware in a couple of personal care categories where our competitors have already moved, but we wouldn't call those competitors out on this call, nor would we cite the percentage increase that they had. But there are a couple of categories and I expect they're going to be more, Olivia, where people are already moving in personal care. We moved early on, on laundry and largely household products, our first two rounds. The April announcement and also the July announcement, laundry, litter, additives, baking soda, if you remember. So next up is going to be personal care, but that's as far as I can go with respect to competition.
Matt Farrell: If you look at our track record, we've done a few hundred million dollars each and every year. And a few years back when cash was built, we did closer to $500 million. So somewhere in that range between $300 million and $500 million is what I would tell you.
Matt Farrell: Bill, what we're saying is that we expect the supply issues to abate, because some of that is in our control. So we do expect -- even though our fill rates today are in the low 80s and they're normally 99%, we think that, that is going to improve over the next few months. So that's a good thing because we're leaving money on the table, because we haven't been able to meet customer orders right now. So as far as marketing goes, typically, Q1 is our lowest quarter for marketing. So you wouldn't expect a pickup in marketing spend in Q1 and it's oftentimes around 9%, 10%. But you're right, new products do start hitting shelves in March, April. So Q2 is off the month of the quarter, when we start amping up the marketing. So that would be our plans right now.
Matt Farrell: Yes, you probably know, Bill. We had seven force majeures. And those chemicals that are coming from that part of the US, it's not just household, all those chemicals affect personal care products as well. So as all of those things get sorted out, and they are improving, just talking to those suppliers down in Louisiana, for example, things are getting better. And as that supply improves, our fill rates are going to go up and we're going to take advantage of the demand.
Matt Farrell: Our work tells us that household penetration is up almost 10% year-over-year. So what we're seeing is repeats of new people coming into the category, repeat purchases.
Matt Farrell: So if you just look at the quarters, Bill, like Q1, Q2, Q3, consumption of VITAFUSION year-over-year, it’s up 25%, up 10%, up 24%, just big numbers, consistent all three quarters. And of course the tailwind is -- two tailwinds, I guess, one, the wellness trend; two, the transition from pills and capsules to gummies, that continues. And we have good new product lineup in '21, we've got another good one in '22. And I guess the other thing that is noteworthy is if you look at private label share gummies, that has declined in three consecutive quarters. So that's kind of a fun fact, too. So we're really optimistic about vitamins and that's one of the reasons why we're going to be spending a lot of money on CapEx. It's one of the three businesses, we're going to be putting some iron in the ground in '22 in anticipation of growth in '23 and beyond.
Matt Farrell: I wouldn't expect that number to go the other way, Kevin, for the simple reason that, that is our operating model and that we are an asset-light company. So we do rely on co-packers. Yes, COVID illuminated the fact that in some cases, we were a little bit too exposed with sole suppliers or sole co-packers or just not enough options but we've remedied that. So we think we're going to be in great shape coming out of COVID. And keep in mind with respect to our acquisition strategy as well is the same -- that's unchanged too. We still prefer to buy brands and businesses that are co-packed so that we're not wind up with additional plants and additional needs for CapEx. So no change.
Matt Farrell: We haven't, Lauren. We said, in general, our fill rate is around 80%. And because of having seven force majeures after Hurricane Ida, and as Matt alluded to, it's household and personal care. So it's pretty broad-based across the spectrum.
Matt Farrell: And Lauren, the in-stock levels weren't as good earlier in the year. So we've really seen them improve quite a bit, particularly as we got towards the end of the third quarter. So looking ahead, going into Q4, we have a lot of our brands back in the low to mid-90s, whereas earlier in the year, they were not. So I think the question might probably be more relevant for an earlier quarter.
Matt Farrell: And if you look at what we did with marketing, marketing was 9% in Q2, it's 12% in Q3. So obviously, as in-stock levels started to improve, we started to dial up the marketing.
Matt Farrell: And that was my comment to Rupesh earlier. It was really the 3% or so organic in Q3 compared to the 6% consumption in Q3.
Matt Farrell: SG&A is down largely because of incentive comp. Why is incentive comp down? It's because gross margin we have in our targets, and very few companies do that, but we do do that. We're actually -- we're very proud that we do that and it's hard in times like this. But gross margin will likely be a donut and so that's impactful on the accrual for incentive comp. So rightfully conclusion that you had, Lauren, SG&A will be higher next year as we get back and hopefully hit a plan with all the levers that we typically do. But we have things that can offset inflation and we have things that can offset SG&A. And the number one far and away next year is going to be pricing and then number two behind that's going to be productivity discussions.
Matt Farrell: I think you asked and answered it Steve, it's not a light switch. So there's not going to be a spike at any point in time. So what we hope to be able to tell you when we get together in January, is to give you a sense for how October, November, December started to build our improvement in fill rates, for example, is what we hope to be able to be telling you the end of January, and then our expectations for the rest of the first half.
Matt Farrell: Well, as you know, we bought ZICAM at the end of 2020. It's number one brand in cold shortening events, to us today, super high shares like 70%. And the recent consumer trends are really encouraging. You probably saw some of [Rickett's] comments earlier this week. But if you look at our Q3 all channel consumption for ZICAM, we're up about 40% versus 2020. And Q4, that 40% increase in all channel consumption in Q3, that's not the key quarter. Q4 is often 40% to 50% of full year sales. So that's ahead of us. And we did buy the brand back last year, because we thought it had a long term growth opportunity and we do expect it to be a big contributor to sales and profits in 2022, because it's been so depressed in '21. But we wouldn't quantify what we think that might be.
Matt Farrell: We'll give you more color on -- we could probably comment a little bit more on that in January when we give our full year outlook for 2022.
Matt Farrell: Well, look, we did pull back on promotions this period -- promotions and couponing. And we did it pretty early on because it didn't make a lot of sense to be promoting to shelves that were completely stocked. As I said earlier, the in stock levels, particularly towards the end of Q3 and looking ahead into Q4 are now approaching the 90s. So consequently, there is an opportunity to start introducing trade promotion back in 2022. And that is our intent as well. But of course, competitive actions are something that we have to watch as well to decide how much or how little of that we introduced back in, some of that is starting to happen in Q4.
Matt Farrell: The hole is in -- so we may be shipping more, but it's not staying in the DCs. It's going directly to the stores to maintain the improved in stock levels, but you still are stuck with the hole in the DCs and that's the opportunity that's the potential tailwind.
Matt Farrell: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining, and thanks for your interest, and lots of great questions today. And we look forward to updating everybody again at the end of January with our Q4 results and full year '22.
Andrea Teixeira: So I think just going back to the point about pricing and price gaps. In some of like, obviously, you've done well rolling the pricing and rolling it. And I think that too much point, obviously, you're not alone. But for the most price sensitive categories you compete in and for the areas that you've seen these price increases roll out, any color around the volume elasticity, given the widening price gaps most likely? And related to that, as your main competitor in this segment is increasing couponing, I believe, like coming back from a depressed level from last year. How do you feel about closing the gap in pricing and as well as the fact that at some point, the private labels, I think, have been taking the time to take action there? If you can help us kind of reconcile that.
Andrea Teixeira: And then the last month of the year would add you around $20 million only on that $270 million or that's more…
Andrea Teixeira: And then for 2022, it has to be higher than that because, obviously, the beginning of the year, the pressures were much lower than we're seeing now. So that's what I wanted to make sure I understood.
