Matt Farrell: Okay. Here's the way I would think about it, Kevin. We've had only four left quarters of higher prices being in effect and the price increases were justified by cost increases that had accumulated over many years from many CPG companies including us. And it is true that some of the input cost appeared to be flattening or decreasing. But big commodities always get headlines but there are other input costs that don't necessarily follow the same trends. So it depends on product category that you're in. So I'd caution again I'd say pulp and paper may be down, may be resin abating and that's a barometer to put respect for all the costs that justified the price increases. You've got to also keep in mind retailers are making more money now too. So making more penny profit as a result of the price increases. So to the extent there's a gross profit help because it would appear some input cost might be abating, I wouldn't expect everybody to be jumped to reinvesting in price maybe much more reasonable innovation as healthy categories compete on innovation. Of course, the changes we'll respond to it.
Matt Farrell: Well, the unit dose categories continues to grow. It's around 17%, 18% right now. I would say that the unit dose growth has been exceptional for ARM & HAMMER. We were growing double-digits virtually every quarter since it launched. The unit dose category had slowed it only grew 6.8% this quarter. But ARM & HAMMER unit dose grew 16%. So look we're still climbing the ladder here. We only had the OXICLEAN as well as that component of unit dose, but of course that's abated quite a bit. OXICLEAN was down significantly year-over-year because we did cut back on promotion. So remember that's at the premium end. If you look at the what's going on for value laundry detergent year-over-year see if you look at Tide simply Purex and so on -- ARM & HAMMER everybody's pulled back in the second quarter. So that's a trend we've seen now for pretty much four consecutive quarters. So we'd expect that continue in the second half and that is our plan right now. Of course if that changes, we can react quickly.
Matt Farrell: Yeah, I mean, ARM & HAMMER share is 11% of the laundry category and now we're up 80 bps in the second quarter, so it's pretty significant.
Matt Farrell: Yeah, it was. I mean, for the company we talked about 4.8% price/mix and volume is relatively flat, for domestic business it was 5.9% positive price/mix and volume was down 0.9%. And if you strip out the record pull back on Oxi laundry volume would have been positive. So Q2 probably looks a lot like the full year the next few quarters in my mind.
Matt Farrell: Remember we didn't own it a year ago, number one. Number two, we generally do not comment on specific brand sales or factor sales within a quarter. I can tell you that they hit on number that we expected in Q2. We're very optimistic about full year as they continue to gain more traditional retail distribution.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. Well back when we announced the acquisition for FLAWLESS, we've said, number one, capital allocation priority is M&A far and away, right? And that's what we've been doing, that's what we're going to continue to do. And at that time we said we would not do all the buyback that we previously thought we might do. So we are effectively done with the buyback for this year, as we continue to manage our debt EBITDA ratios just have dry powder for future acquisitions.
Matt Farrell: Well, you got to keep in mind that there has been a lot of price increases across many, many categories in CPG. And I think, there was probably a lot of fear for many years as to whether or not the prices actually could be raised and that they would stick. And so, consequently they have. And I think that's been maybe a surprise to maybe a lot of investor’s, maybe it's a surprise to some CPG companies. We certainly haven't raised prices in years. But the fact that the companies have raised prices, what it does suggest is that maybe we won't wait as long next time before the next round of price increases happen, as long as their costs are justified. But I don't have any magical answers as to why it kind of worked this year. I think one thing that helps is that the economy is strong. When you got a strong consumer that's the time to do it. We’d have a far different result, I expect if we were in a much weaker economy.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Thanks for the questions Steve. Price mix like we said for the company it was 4.8%, that's largely price, right? I mean that's -- with only parse of that between price and mix, but largely price. And like I said previously, maybe to Rupesh, we believe that trend to continue for the balance of the year. And for Q2 for domestic, it looks very positive 5.9% for price/mix and volume was down almost a point. And so we think that trend's going to continue as well. And we'll lap that early next year.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I got a comment maybe Rick want to chime in too. But if you look at the category in the second quarter it grew 8.9%. And ARM & HAMMER cat litter grew 10.4%. So our share was up 30 bps in the second quarter to 23.4%. So we're the number two cat litter right now. And within -- the category isn't that promotional. I mean the category actually reduced shelf sold on deal by 50 basis points year-over-year. It is true the private label picked up 90 bps in the quarter to 10.8%. So there's definitely some strength in private label. But historically private label has been around 9% to 11% of the category. So I wouldn't say that that would necessarily be alarming private label at 10.8%.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. It's integrated into our core operations, because we have centralized our supply chain meaning that baking soda that's produced by our plants it has a destination of going to the consumer side of the business or to the specialty chemical side of the business where you have that bulk sodium bicarbonate. So it is fully integrated. We're doing separate plants for each of the businesses. The reason why we like this business long term is number one is these products are labeled ARM & HAMMER. And ARM & HAMMER has a fabulous name within the animal productivity industry particularly in dairy. And one of the things I mentioned in my remarks, upfront is that, if you look at the animal productivity, business which represents two-thirds of Specialty Product, the non-dairy business is growing double digits this year. And those are the businesses that we acquired over the past few years. We bought VI-COR Agro BioSciences and then Passport. So we think long-term the dairy side of the business is going to be less significant to us. Non-dairy is going to grow and it's got a nice challenge because of population growth. And the short story is demand for proteins going to grow over the next 20 30 years because population is going to grow from seven billion to nine billion and you got to feed people. So I think being cattle swine and poultry is a good move for the company. So, long-term we feel good about it.
Matt Farrell: Yeah. You got to look at what's in the numbers. WATERPIK and BATISTE obviously are good growers for us. And then FLAWLESS is going to be another one. So that's going to help our overall numbers going forward, definitely as you point out, have some structural issues for example in condoms, the condom category, kids category declining birth rates alternatives for contraception beyond condoms being IUDs diaphragms Plan B. Then, we have a couple of other categories that are struggling for L'IL CRITTERS for example, which is a children's gummy vitamins struggle because of just intense competition lot of competition in there. And then in SPINBRUSH, again the SPINBRUSH had some struggles as well. We have a new entrant in that called quip, which is someone we're going to have to be dealing with. So yeah, you have a lot of the brands and maybe only growing small single digits or declining low-single digits, because we have a lot of brands in there. But they all add up so this quarter personal care was up 1%.
Matt Farrell: No, we're really looking at a couple of quarters ahead Joe. So, we haven't made any commentary on what we expect to happen in the future. But considering only how hard people are fighting to increase their profits year-over-year. I don't expect that that's going to turn around at least in the next six months.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And just something to add to that. We got a couple of our new products the resets are happening for some major retailers in the second half. They would be OxiClean Dark Protect and also Cloud Control which is a cat litter. So, right now we have a low ACV, so we're not going to turn on the advertising towards second half.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Well, look we are in acquisition platform over serial acquirer and we continue to be active despite the FLAWLESS acquisition. Rick can take you through what our leverage ratio is right now. And acquisition is the number one destination for our cash flow. And as many of you know we have a very disciplined process. We have acquisition criteria and we will step up for opportunities that meet our criteria. Just to kind of illustrate how important this is for our business model, we've done 18 acquisitions since the year 2000. So, we actually have no restraints right now with respect to doing our next acquisition. But Rick can chime in on that.
Matt Farrell: I think the best way to respond to that is that generally anything that's for sale, particularly in the U.S. where we are aware of. And that's simply because we're regarded as a buyer. So a lot of people like to get us in the process. But I would say, it's no different than it was a year ago.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And longer term Olivia it is true that household has been around a lot longer and bigger than our personal care business. We've -- a lot of our acquisitions have been on the personal care side over time. But we're optimistic about our ability to grow on long term. We -- our algorithm is that we grow top line 3%; bottom line 8%. And we think we have the portfolio that can do that. So we don't have a lot of flash, but we're steady as a company. So people invest in the company can't bet that we're going to hit those numbers year after year after year with the portfolio that we have. And we are going to continue to add to it. And we have 12 brands today to make up 80% of our revenues and profits. And 12 today, 20 tomorrow. We have such cash, which is a flywheel, so we can continue to add good brands to the portfolio.
Matt Farrell: Yes. As far as the China and Southeast Asia, we're off to a really good start with Shanghai, Jahwa. That's a CPG company public company that we signed on with a year ago. And the categories that we entered China with are baking soda, toothpaste dry shampoo and -- some hygiene. By and large the acceptance is good. Two call outs in particular in Southeast Asia and also in China that would be water flossers and gummy vitamins. So they seem to be really a hit with the Chinese and the Southeast Asian consumer. So I think the strategy is working. We got -- I think China and Southeast Asia can be a big part of our story going forward.
Matt Farrell: Okay. All right folks. So we had a terrific quarter and looking forward to talking to everybody at the end of the third quarter.
Rick Dierker: And I would just add Kevin even with that pull back ARM & HAMMER continues to gain share, right? Really the pull back in Oxi laundry is where maybe there's some share to find.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. Only good surprises. Really it's a terrific business. We expected 15-plus percent sales growth and we should easily exceed that target in 2019.
Rick Dierker: The only thing I would add is there's a little bit of seasonality in the business, it's probably a little bit stronger in the back half of the year, but like Matt said it hit the numbers that we are expecting right on. And we think there's a lot of the momentum behind that business.
Rick Dierker: Yes. And I would just add Steve. You should expect our litter business to slow a little bit in the second half. Remember the competition raised price earlier than we did, so we've got a little bit of volume benefit early in the second half. So, on a stack basis we're still strong, but it's just, we're comping higher volume growth number.
Rick Dierker: No, not really. We talked about it. The two-year stack is a little different, right? The first half of this year is about 4.7% at the average that implies a 3.2% in the back half which is down 150 basis points. So 50 bps was just because the second half of 2018 was so strong 4.5% versus 4% in the first half of 2018. So 50 bps of 150 is really just comps. And then the other 100 bps is what we've been talking about Matt went through it in detail just lower promotional spending in general both trade and couponing.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. No problem. So for the quarter right we're up 30 basis points. Price volume mix was really strong plus 230 basis points, productivity again strong plus 130 basis points, acquisition impact plus 40 basis points, and then inflation minus 370 basis points. That inflation number includes commodities, it includes other manufacturing, and it includes tariffs, it includes the fact that we have a prior year one-time benefit with the change in accounting and other stuff. So a lot in that number but that's the detail.
Rick Dierker: And I would just add on to that Joe, its Rick. I would say that 1% was maybe depressed a little bit, right? We had some price increases that got announced early in the year. And so whether it's TROJAN or ORAJEL, some retailers did buy in a couple of weeks into Q1. So, Q2 looks a little bit lower. But by and large I think we've met sort of our expectation.
Rick Dierker: Yes, thanks Bonnie. Just to give you some color on Q2, right? We said Q2 marketing spend was down 130 basis points. Part of that was just the FLAWLESS accounting impact. If you strip out the FLAWLESS impact, right, it is just going to net sales and their dollar spend in marketing happening in the marketing line. That was worth 30 bps. So, really down 100. I'd say we expected to be down 100, right? We knew that the retail reset shifted for litter and for additives as an example in the back half of the year. So, we didn't go into the detail in our outlook by quarter and we don't really intend to do that. I would just tell you to give you some confidence that yes marketing's supposed to be up pretty big in the back half probably up 30 or 40 bps in the third quarter and the balance will be in the fourth quarter.
Rick Dierker: We've said right where we're at this range whether it's 11.7, 11.5, 11.9 this range has been really good for us, right? And you could see that in the share results, you can see that in the category growth results. So, we think we're in a sweet spot.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I mean our leverage ratio is going to be sub two times by the end of 2019. So, plenty of room. I think the way we struck the FLAWLESS deal, did nothing but help that. And as Matt said we are busy looking for the next deal.
Rick Dierker: Yes. No I've mentioned there was OXICLEAN dark protect, so that's the - our new additive for dark clothing. And the other one is CLUMP & SEAL CLOUD CONTROL, which is a cat litter. So those are the two where we have low ACV right now, low distribution. And we expect with some of the major resets in the second half, that's going to pick up quite a bit.
Rick Dierker: Yes. I think you got to remind -- everybody's got to remind, so it's only been four or less quarters of higher prices. So it's something like we've been living under this now new price umbrella. And remember all those price increases were cost justified. So, I do think, at some time in the future I think that the muscle that was really maybe atrophied or dormant for many years for CPG companies maybe now, who has just sprung to life. So people may be more likely to go forward with cost justified price increases. But I think the requirement is still there for cost justification. Without that, you won't have price increases.
Rick Dierker: Olivia, this is Rick. I would just say that as we pull back more on our household business, you're going to see the gap narrow between household and personal care growth it should be more balanced in the back half of the year.
Rick Dierker: Okay, Andrea. I'm going to do my best. It's a long list. So we're getting sales growth deceleration from the first half, second half I already touched on that. It was 4.7% in the first half. 3.2% is the implied number for the back half, 4% for the full year. It's down 150 basis points. 50 bps because of kind of the stack of the comp first half of 2018 was 4% growth and it was 4.5% in the second half of 2018. Another 100 basis points as well as promotional spending both trade and couponing. We did not call out anything on retail inventory relative to e-commerce. We never call out anything about retail or inventory. I would tell you if anything we could have gone the other way and said there's a little bit of pre-buy in Q1 for condoms. And so that impacted us negatively in Q2. But by and large that's you're right e-commerce is going to one-day shipping, there's a small impact maybe, but we would never call that out or call it material. Number three is international. Again, you're saying there is a deceleration. I would tell you maybe a slight deceleration, but again we just raised our outlook for the full year to 7.5%, right? So I think it's on the margin, I think those guys have proven time and time again that they're delivering in excess of the evergreen model, or outlook that we have for that business. And then the fourth one was commodities. The fourth one I think you're right. I said in Q2 that, there was about 370 basis points of inflation/manufacturing cost increases. We that's a big bucket in there, there's a big bucket of commodities, but there's also a big bucket of tariffs and really not having some prior year one-time benefit. There's also incentive comp in that number and labor increases. But as we move through the year, if we were up 20 basis points in Q1, up 30 basis points in gross margin in Q2, it implies that we're going to be up 135 basis points in the second half. That means, we're going to accelerate from where we're at 500 basis points and it's largely, because commodities are coming down, but other manufacturing costs are coming down as well. So I hope that gives you a little bit more clarity.
Rick Dierker: Yes just a one liner on the marketing spend. When we spend incremental marketing, it just bulletproofs our evergreen model. So we hit or hopefully beat our evegreen model for organic revenue because of the incremental investments on marketing, yes that's what we hope for and potentially that's what we expect.
Matt Thomas: And remember you can't go to retailers and say, this is what the forecast says, first is the commodity, because is what happened. Right? So even if that same prices are expect to go up 20% in 2020, you got to wait till that actually happens to have that conversation.
Matt Thomas: Well, if you just look at Q2 as an indication, I guess, I said earlier that value section both Tide Simply, Purex and Sun rolled down, sold on deals year-over-year. The same is true for Persil. So we pulled back on sold on deal coupon or might have transferred over there. But that's would suggest that there's been pull-back on price. The other side of the coin is that, at least Purex came back into the market with unit dose this year, having been absent for many years. So much rather see people compete on innovation and that would be a good example of it.
Matt Thomas: Yes. WATERPIK is a wonderful business. This business has been around since the 1960s. And the people out here, there's 190 people up in Fort Collins Colorado, are experts in water-jet technology. So they invented the WATERPIK. In fact, back in the '60s, it's kind of a fun fact, Lyndon Johnson [ph] gave WATERPIK as a -- to the foreign dignitaries as a sign of American ingenuity and innovation. So a fun fact for you, Olivia. But this is a business that really started to take off three years ago; maybe four years ago, as a result of instituting a bunch of learn program and really communicating to dentists and hygienists in the United States about the benefits of WATERPIK it then turnaround and recommended it to consumers. So there's a lot of runway ahead for this business. If you look at battery-operated toothbrush say what's the household penetration in the 40s, 40% would have powered toothbrushes. And water flosses are more in the low-20s. So we see there's a lot of opportunity if that were what we're going to be shooting for. A lot of opportunity to grow in the U.S. And then outside the U.S. is really the big opportunity. International is only 20% of the business today. There's no reason why the international business should far exceed the size of the U.S. business. So we just think focusing on water flosses and that opportunity had with all the science that's behind these water flosses and the greater interest now in gum health. And you even see that in the toothpaste category, both Crest and Colgate have products that are directed towards gum health and toothpaste. So I don't think there's no need really right now to say we're going to be branching into other categories. We want to nail the opportunity that we have in front of us.
