Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. So first off, so, vitamins. So, right, vitamins, we went sideways this past year. We had issues with supplying customers. We had poor service levels. We had a lot of people unhappy with us. We had – we didn't promote our products. We cut back on advertising, so – because we couldn't service customers. That is behind us now. So now we have lots of new products coming out as I reviewed with you. Customers are jazzed about it. And we're going to get new products on shelf in 2016. So, we're going to benefit from the tailwind of the category starting to grow again. So I feel really great about vitamins. What was your second one? Second was...
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, I've completely forgotten everything about that I've learned in finance. So, I'm going hand this off to...
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, I mean you'd assume that if the category grew 3% in 2015, at a minimal what we lost is we're going to hold share, all right? So, that would be our surrogate for that.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. Well, we always have the same answer to you by the way, because you have asked this before. So, it's always a what if. So, what if there is some pressure on the top line. Well, obviously, it's always, we know where all the discretionary costs are in the company. So, even with the 12% SG&A, that's always something you can reach for. So, that's always the first stop on the train. And that the last stop on the train is going to be marketing. So, as you saw in the release, our marketing spend was $417 million in 2015; and a year before it was $416 million. So, we did not cut marketing this past year. On a reported basis and on a local currency basis, it went up. So, we're very committed to holding the marketing where it is, but as seen it would be the first stop on a train. And you know we have a very creative supply chain organization as well that's trying to find ways to lower the cost per unit. Go to Kevin.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. So, with respect to unit dose and our share today is 2.6%. We said okay, what's your share of ARM & HAMMER today of the total category, it's a 9%. So, clearly we're away under index there. Now, in some accounts, we have a five share, and other accounts we have a zero, we're voids. So, obviously, it is possible to grow, and in some cases, we're already at 5%. As far as the crystal ball goes, it's very difficult to say what the trajectory is, going from a power towards dual-chamber, we think is going to be a big help to the brand. We'd probably be better able to address that question in six months or nine months; let's see how successful we are with the dual-chamber.
Matthew T. Farrell: I am going to let Lou comment on the distribution gains, because he does take a bow for that particular slide and Lou will tell you that the game is never over and we're always in the middle innings.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. And the other part of your question was vitamins. So, yeah, you're right, it's a very crowded space. And, obviously, as I said before in 2015, we didn't get any new products on shelf because of our own issues. But the retailers are very excited about us when you're the number one brand. So we have over 30% share, both in adult and in children's gummy vitamins, that's all outlets. We have the ability to a get product on shelf. And so, if you have the innovation, you're going to get the shelf space.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah, okay. So SIMPLY SALINE, so we acquired SIMPLY SALINE a couple of years ago. For those of you who don't know, that's a nasal hygiene product. And keep in mind that we have the number one nasal hygiene product in Europe, that's called STERIMAR. So we thought, hey, you know we know a little bit about this category. It's not only successful in Europe, but it's successful in export markets. This is a pretty safe move for us to move into nasal hygiene. Now, has it caught on in the U.S. the way it is in other countries? No. But it's a high margin business, no plant came along with it, so we thought okay this makes some sense for us. FELINE PINE, it was a number one or number two natural cat litter that was really in vogue at the time. When we looked at it, we said, hey this looks like one that might make some sense for us, again no plant, it's co-packed. So we had the criteria and we had – it was a solid brand that one hasn't taken off. But when you buy it, when we're looking at trends to see does it make sense, you mention REPHRESH and REPLENS. So a year ago, we buy REPHRESH and REPLENS. So this is the number one gel, vaginal moisturizer, people with that issue will look high and low for a product that's going to solve their problem. So, again problem solution brand. We put some money behind that as soon as we bought it and it's grown really nicely in 2015. So we're real happy about that acquisition. And coming back to TOPPIK again from solution, we learned a lot about the hair category through BATISTE. We're not going to get into be a shampoo company, liquid shampoo, but we feel really good about hair thinning and that is an issue that you don't have a good solution there, because today the big brand in hair thinning is ROGAINE, it's a J&J product and it's putting chemicals, right. And if you look at the consumer research, people aren't happy with what offerings are out there to solve the problem. And we think TOPPIK, if you go online look at Amazon, some of the reviews for their product, people love it. And this business has people that have been customers for 20 years. So again, it's the kind of thing we say, hey this looks like a really solid brand. It's not going to go backwards. It's going to grow quite a bit and again asset-light, high margins, throws off a lot of cash.
Matthew T. Farrell: Next to zero for some of them. So when I said we had a 15.2% share, that's going to grow in 2016. So we have voids in other words.
Matthew T. Farrell: Here's another fun fact for you is that, remember we said that the retail category for dry shampoo is $90 million in 2015. In 2014 it was $60 million. So it's grown significantly year-over-year. Anybody else? Jason (54:53). Oh...
Matthew T. Farrell: Well, typically we're going to put the muscle behind the new products. So some of the new products you saw up today, generally, their first quarter is our lowest marketing spend quarter and it picks up in Q2. So we move marketing around depending on where our new products are landing.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. We have somebody who's been waiting for that question for about 45 minutes now and that's Paul Siracusa, our Head of R&D.
Matthew T. Farrell: Yeah. I mean with respect to private label, the way to compete with private label frankly is your features and benefits. So if you keep your features and benefits different than private label, you're going to be able to command the premium and we do compete in private label and lots of categories. So for example in baking soda, 25% is private label, the cat litter is for high-teens in private label. So we're no strangers to private label. And by the way in vitamins it's pretty stable. It's been around 12% of the category. Okay. Well coming up on – Bill (01:00:30), did you have one more important question? Your last question, so make it a good one.
Matthew T. Farrell: Britta before you answer, let me just introduce Britta. So, Britta Bomhard is our EVP of Marketing. She's Chief Marketing Officer for the company. She just joined us earlier this month. Bruce Fleming lead a stellar career with Church & Dwight, retired at the end of 2015. And Britta comes to us from our European business. So she ran our European operation, which is most 37% of the International business with fabulous results. And you can tell the folks a little bit more about your background and then help Bill (01:01:39) with his question.
Matthew T. Farrell: Okay. And just to build on that, I think one of the things was a kind of side question is what are we spending on digital and has that changed much over the years? And it has, but we were around 26% in 2015. We'll be a little higher, 27% is what we're targeting right now. So it's about a quarter of our spend. Going back a few years, five years ago, it was less than 10%, so we're moving in that direction.
Matthew T. Farrell: I want to thank everybody for coming today. We're going to wrap it up. We're about an hour now, and we'll talk to you again at the end of the first quarter, and we'll see you again next year at the exchange. Thank you.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, thank you, Matt. Well, we tried to illuminate for you a little bit, Bill, (32:35) about the transactional drag of 30 basis points of it. While commodities – the core commodities like resins, surfactants and paper are all down, that's a tailwind of course, other costs are still up, transportation and labor and everything else. So, everyone wants to talk about the pure commodity piece, but other costs still – there still is inflation in the business. Mix of BATISTE, yeah, that's helpful, Personal Care margins, and they are down. And like you said, vitamin costs are behind us. We never really quantified that. We said it was about the size of a breadbox is the quote. So by and large, it's really – commodities do benefit us. Productivity programs do benefit us. Mix does benefit. But there are some other headwinds like FX and everything else I just said. Okay.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. So, Caroline, it's a good question. Remember, a year ago, we told you that we had actually got our vitamin margins up to the corporate average. That was prior to the investment of the new plant, right. We said, hey, we're going to invest all this capital and fix the right structure for all this future growth. 75% increase in capacity, and we have to grow our way into it over a few years. And so as we grow into our way into it, the margins for vitamins are again below the company average. But we think that with the growth over time, then we'll get back to or above company average.
Rick Dierker: And in terms of free cash flow and the runway, so same way we have TSR model for the P&L, I feel like we have kind of an operating model for cash flow generation, whether it's working capital or CapEx, whatever it is. So, I'd say, if – the pure operating model organically for the business, we have years of runway. But the good thing about Church & Dwight and the acquisition platform that we are is when we buy businesses, we just don't have synergies from a P&L perspective, we have it from a working capital perspective too. So, as long as we buy businesses and that's our strategy, then the runway is going to be there for a long time.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, so on a promotional perspective, right, promotional spending is pretty consistent with the year ago. But remember in Q4 this year, promotional volume for laundry, for example came down from 36% in Q3 to 33% in Q4. So, that we believe the trends are going to be pretty consistent year-over-year for both laundry and litter, nothing surprising in other competitive launches, but we have competitive launches as well. And the other one was transactional currency, and just timing of when that's – it's as you would expect, it's probably more front-half weighted, because currency rates, spot rates are pretty much unchanged now versus what they were in late Q4. So, it's more front-half weighted than back-half.
Rick Dierker: I thought your conversation was more on the top line. So, gross margin, it's pretty actually balanced throughout the year. We're going to – we said called an expansion in Q1. So I'd tell you gross margin is potentially pretty balanced throughout the year.
Rick Dierker: Right. No doubt. Working capital was phenomenal. I think your cash conversion cycle was down to 26 days, inventory was going the wrong way. Part of that is our vitamin business, right, and we want to make sure we're not cutting customers and our fill rates are 99.7%, but we've probably over-corrected there, but over time, we'll bring that back in line, but for now it's great where it's at.
Rick Dierker: Yeah, one thing to add on that. So if you remember last year, it was difficult year for us with the start-up of the plant issues that we had. And we took a very measured approach to 2015 that being, as you know, vitamins is a category that's highly promoted. And so, since we're having trouble supplying to retailers, we cut back on some of those promotions in 2015, that we would put back in in 2016. And so also when you're having trouble supplying the customer, no one is looking to really expand on your distribution base, right. So we have those opportunities – missed opportunities from 2015 that will be carried into 2016. You saw the innovation platform that we have for 2016 and we feel very confident on that.
Rick Dierker: Yeah. I wouldn't characterize it as – so here's the story on price. If you think back, Q4 year ago was when we started saying it was normalized pricing environment in laundry. So Q1, Q2, Q3 on paper looks like favorable pricing year-over-year in 2015 versus 2014, but that was just the normalized pricing environment. So in Q4, there wasn't – you're comping a time period that didn't have any pricing difference. So in general I'd say, 2015 versus 2014 was the absence of the competitiveness in the pricing laundry category. 2016 as I said earlier, I think, it's going to be very comparable to 2015.
Steven P. Cugine: Yeah, sure. I would say that our business in developed markets has been quite strong actually. So, Europe delivered strong high-single digit domestic growth behind launch of new products, BATISTE, Femfresh. Emerging markets has been something where we've really performed well and you saw from Matt's chart, Mexico in particular is a good sub for us, that's double-digit growth. And then export markets, an area that we really focused on has delivered double-digit growth as well. So, we are feeling pretty confident relative to international playing a strong contributing role in the company's overall growth rate.
Steven P. Cugine: For each acquisition, we really do a deep dive and look at what the global opportunities are. So when you look at something like FELINE PINE, we know that's really a domestic U.S. play period, and does it work with the portfolio that we have. I'll take out BATISTE as an example or TOPPIK. TOPPIK, a third of their sales are in fact in international markets with good overlay over what we do today and it complements our capability to deliver in specialty Personal Care Products. I would say, REPHRESH, REPLENS internationally off to a very good start as well. Again, we do a lot of a doctor detailing, for example in international markets. We feel that's a great product for us. We have a great way to access those markets and educate doctors on the benefits of these great products. So, we have a model per acquisition in terms of where we think we can play and how to win.
Steven P. Cugine: Well, you know what the results were for this past year. We went sideways. I think the only way to react at that is just to look at what happened to the category. It continued to grow in 2015 and it's growing in the first quarter. So I would say, no, then – by the way that has generally been the reason why the category has flattened out, because there was a lot of press in 2014 and you saw up on the screen today it flattened out that year with the category.
Louis H. Tursi: No, thanks, Matt. So first of all, I'd like to answer by saying, it's a team effort from everybody, all functions. It really helps a salesperson when you're out at retail and when you have great innovation to sell against. Secondly, supported by a marketing team that really believes in the products that we have. If you put that combination together and a great sales team, and you deliver the results that Matt showed on that slide. All the modules aren't done and completed yet in 2016. But we are expecting very similar, there is nothing – the ones that we are hearing about are all positive and in line, that we have. But I really would put my hat off to everybody else at this table, because it requires all of us to work together to get those results.
Louis H. Tursi: The only addition would be that this is a category where you have to stay on trend, and so we continually innovate in this class, in this business. We will continue to do so. So you do need a good mixture of the base business that Matt talked about and continuing to add productive ideas that are on trend, and deleting some non-productive SKUs as you go forward. On OXICLEAN, you asked an OXICLEAN question, I would step back and provide this input because there're a lot of really good things; I think, we all should feel terrific about. Those being as Matt showed, the category is growing again, right so first time in a while that's happened. Second big thing is that, there are two new premium products in the category. That's a good thing for a couple of reasons, one being it promotes healthy competitive environment; and two, it allows us to build our business. And last year, if you remember on OXICLEAN, we said we would incrementally spend against that brand, and we did, and as Matt showed on his slide, our consumption is up 25%, our trial is up about 50% and our repeat purchase is up about 40%. So although it's a difficult environment because consumers are used to buying for over 50 years one particular brand, we believe in our brand, we will continue to support that brand moving forward.
Louis H. Tursi: So I'll add to that. So clearly when we bought BATISTE, it was more of an International opportunity, and so there is kind of a reversal what Steve said where we're all looking at it globally, but it started more in out of states and we bought it to United States about 18 months ago. We're very pleased to say within the United States that we became the number one dry shampoo brand in the United States in that short window of time. And that's been through a constant charge from our group and our team across all functions to deliver the best products out there which we think we have and there's a lot of distribution opportunities still in front of us.
Louis H. Tursi: Yeah. It would be incorrect to walk out of here to think that our promotional spend is up year-over-year and is essentially flat year-over-year. All the commodity benefits are now being piled back into price issues in the category.
