Rick Dierker: All right, thank you Matt. And good morning, everybody. We'll start with EPS. Third quarter adjusted EPS was at $0.74 down 2.6% to the prior year. As Matt mentioned the $0.74 was better than our $0.56 outlook primarily due to higher than expected sales growth and gross margin expansion. Net sales were up 10.5% and organic sales were up 4.8%. Over half of our organic growth in the quarter was driven by volume. The total consumer business was up 5.8% organically. Our third quarter gross margin was 44.4%, a 270 basis point increase from year ago primarily due to improved pricing, volume, productivity and the impact of the HERO acquisition net of the impact of higher manufacturing costs. Let me walk you through the Q3 bridge. Gross margin was made up the following. Positive 140 basis points impact from price volume mix. Positive 120 basis points from acquisitions and a positive 160 basis point impact from productivity, partially offset by a drag of 150 basis points due to inflation. Moving to marketing. Marketing was $27 million up year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of sales was 11.5% or 80 basis points higher than Q3 of last year. For SG&A, Q3 adjusted SG&A increased 310 basis points year-to-year, primarily due to higher incentive comp, improved business performance, SG&A related to the HERO acquisition, and investment spending. Other expense, all-in, was $21.8 million, a $2.4 million increase due to higher average interest rates. For the full year, we now expect other expense of approximately $95 million. For income tax, our effective rate for the quarter was 24.1%, compared to 20.2% in 2022, an increase of 390 basis points as the prior year rate included the benefit of a non-recurring state tax reduction. We continue to expect the full year rate to be approximately 22%. And now to cash. For the first nine months of 2023, cash from operating activities was $795 million, an increase of $261 million due to higher cash earnings, including the positive impact from recent acquisitions, and improvements in working capital. Turning to the full year outlook, We now expect the full year 2023 reported sales growth to be approximately 9%, up from our previous outlook of 8%. We continue to expect organic sales growth to be approximately 5%. We now expect full year reported gross margin to expand 210 basis points up from 200 basis points. This is an encouraging trend as we continue to move closer to restoring gross margins to pre-COVID levels. We continue to expect a double digit percentage increase in gross profit in full year 2023. Looking at inflation, we continue to expect around $120 million of higher manufacturing costs in 2023. This is well below what we have experienced in the last couple of years. While many commodity prices remain below prior year levels, resins and oil based commodities are a bit higher. We continue to expect full year marketing as a percent of sales to be 11%. And we continue to expect full year SG&A to be higher in both dollars and as a percent of sales compared to 2022. SG&A is expected to be higher than our previous outlook driven by incremental R&D investments, higher incentive compensation given our strong performance and a bad debt reserve related to one specific customer situation. As in past years when we have strong business performance, we invest for the future. Our investments will focus on driving future growth with higher marketing dollar investment, R&D investment, including clinical studies and accelerating product registrations in international markets, as well as driving efficiency, including investments in automation and technology. We continue to expect full year adjusted EPS growth to be approximately 6%. And as a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the step up of marketing that we've been talking about and higher SG&A. We continue to expect full year cash flow from operations to be approximately $1 billion. Our full year CapEx plan is now expected to be approximately $230 million as we continue to make capacity investments. And we expect to return to historical levels of CapEx about 2% of sales by 2025. Moving on to Q4, we have a strong outlook and expect reported sales growth of 5% and approximately 4% for organic with volume contributing 1% or better. Organic growth rate in Q4 reflects positives from HERO, Litter and THERABREATH and negatives from not repeating some low margin laundry promotions. We expect gross margin expansion, a significant increase year-to-year in both marketing and SG&A, and marketing is expected to be an excess of 14% in Q4. Adjusted EPS is expected to be $0.53 per share, a 2% increase from last year. So to summarize a strong nine months of the year behind us, we saw the inflection point of volume growth as expected and we are spending on marketing and investments to build momentum for 2024 and beyond. With that Matt and I would be happy to take questions.
Rick Dierker: Yes, I think the nuance, Rupesh, also is when you look at like a 4% growth rate in Q4. When we talk about investing many times we talk about SG&A or marketing, sometimes we're doing really well. We also look at customer profitability. We take -- we get ahead of it and call unprofitable or low profit promotions in some of our businesses like laundry.
Rick Dierker: Yes, Bill, that's the big difference for 2024. In 2023, we got TDPs. We got new retailers, new stores. Now it's all about shelf space and expanding that footprint. And that's what's happening.
Rick Dierker: Yes, Bill, it's mostly SG&A. It's, some of it’s higher incentive comp, but many of it is the investments we've talked about these last few quarters and just more of that. I think HERO is a good example. As we fast forward product registrations, we're going to be in 40, 50 new countries pretty rapidly because we're able to do that. So we think all these investments are great and they're going to help us in 2024 and beyond.
Rick Dierker: And meanwhile, we're investing in a big way on marketing to drive awareness, new packaging to pop at shelf. And displays, all those tactical things that you can do as the momentum will build back.
Rick Dierker: Hey, Lauren. It’s Rick, I would say our math does not lead to two to three points of organic contribution from HERO. Remember, there was sell-in to new retail distribution in Q4 last year for HERO. So from a comp perspective, it just doesn't that much that you're calculating. I think overall, we think consumption is still really strong in Q4. And October was off to a great start. I think Matt mentioned it was one of our highest shipment months ever in the history of the company. So we feel really good about our momentum right now. And we've made some choices to discontinue some promotions and I think that's what kind of the nuance is for folks that they weren't expecting.
Rick Dierker: Okay. Hey, Andrea. So I guess first of all, in my prepared comments I said we thought Q4 would be 1% or better on volume. So not half. And in Q3 it was better than half. But in Q4 we think it's 1% or better. And part of that is because of some of the promotional pullback and discontinuing of promotions like I talked about. We don't think that's continues at all into 2024. Those are some discrete promotions we chose to not repeat in Q4. That's the simple story.
Rick Dierker: Okay, so I would take that in two parts and I'll start with the second one. On vitamins, we kind of just talked about that recently over the last quarter or two. It's going to take a full 12 months to get back into the shelf position that we want to and all those tactics we talked through is what's going to enable us to do it. So I know it feels like it's been a long time but we've only been talking about that relatively for a short period of time. Your second question on trade down, I think Matt and I have been really clear over a long period of time the company does really well, our brand portfolio does really well in good times and in bad times and the value brands of course do better but even what you would call our mid-tier premium, it depends what category you're in. Most of our premium brands like THERABREATH or HERO are doing astonishingly, just fantastic. Yes, we do have some rise of private label in a couple categories but in general consumption is strong for the quarter end for October.
Rick Dierker: And just one comment for everybody as we move forward because we're starting to get a little tight on time. Let's just try to keep it to one question and maybe one follow-up question.
Rick Dierker: We always thought it was we weighted more towards Q4. We did have some marketing shift out of Q3 and Q4 largely because of MPD support. Like even our laundry sheets, we sold out so fast that we wanted to make sure that the marketing was turned on and we had the supply. So we shifted some of that into Q4.
Rick Dierker: Yes, thanks, Jason. It’s Rick, I would say, So Lauren got me to comment on 2024 a little bit more than we normally would. But what's normal for us in COGS inflation is around 2% of COGS inflation. That's been true for many years, 2013 through 2019. And then it went to 8% during those COVID years, ‘20 to 2022. And then in 2023, it was 4%. My belief is it will be lower than what it is this year, for sure. But a little bit higher than what we've had in the past. And what's driving that is some of the oil-based and resin-based commodities. And that's probably the extent I'll go into right now. The good news is that our productivity, it's not going to be as apparent because productivity for the first time in a long time can actually offset some of these headwinds. And that wasn't the case during the last few years with COVID. In that type of environment, I don't think that pricing will play a major role when manufacturers can cover a lot of their cost headwinds. And in other categories, in other companies, there's other commodities that are going the other way. And so that's why there's deflation in some commodity categories. So that's kind of the short answer from our perspective. We have one price increase that we just rolled out. You heard us talk last quarter about soda ash and baking soda and those cost inputs being up 40% to 50%. We did roll out a price increase on baking soda in October, and that's going to be out in retail. And we don't have further plans to tick price really.
Rick Dierker: Yes, the first one is similar to what I said with Lauren, there's two things that are kind of impacting the comp in Q4. One is even for HERO is we did have some big. So that was a higher comp. The second thing was the laundry promotions. We had some discreet laundry promotions and revenue growth management activities that kind of Matt alluded to is what got pared down in Q4 this year. So those are the two things.
Matt Farrell: Yes. It's going to be a, Rupesh, it's going to be a drag again in Q4. So when Rick calls a 4% number for organic for Q4 that's a net of SBD which kind of reduces the contribution from the consumer business. But so yes at least one more quarter where we're going to be down maybe in Q1 as well.
Matt Farrell: No, that's true. Last year in the fourth quarter we had a looking back now, we had a lot of promotions that we thought were not profitable. So we called them. So they're not going to be in place for this fourth quarter, which obviously results in a lower volume.
Matt Farrell: The user to do that when the quarter is over than do right now. Now it's more conjecture, but it is a direct.
Matt Farrell: Remember, in year one, we'll say it's 2023, when we were gaining distribution was throughout the year. So we'll have full year benefit. All the distribution gains in 2024 versus ‘23. So that's a positive. So naturally, the comps are more difficult once you've got it in place. But the demand for the product is surprising us. In fact, the demand has been exceptional wherever we've launched it. The second thing is we'll be launching HERO in dozens of countries next year through our global markets group. And that will happen throughout the year so that's not a Jan one thing, but see a lot of opportunity there as well. Now THERABREATH, THERABREATH was acquired in December of 2021. And they have far more distribution already than HERO did when we acquired THERABREATH. We did expand that in 2022, but I'd say 2023 versus 2022 is less benefit from distribution gains in comparison to HERO. What's happening is because the demand for THERABREATH and the consumers voting in favor of THERABREATH, what's happening is retailers are willing to give us more shelf space. And we fully expect to get more shelf space when the resets happen in 2024.
Matt Farrell: These are promotions that happened in Q4 ‘22 that didn't happen in Q3 or Q2 ‘22. So there was isolated to Q4 last year and the decision to pull back on those is because we can. And besides like I said earlier, there weren't the best payback. So we said it's a good time not to repeat them.
Matt Farrell: Well, Chris, we feel great about the business. You see the kind of numbers we just posted in Q3 and the gigantic number, 5.8% organic growth for the consumer business. And then when thinking about Q4, we got another 4% organic growth and that's got a drag from SBD as well. And we expect a second consecutive quarter of volume growth. So we hope to start stringing these together. We're going to have volume growth a quarter, each quarter for the next four or five quarters. Gross margin, you're right. As Rick said, if we hit the number that's in the box right now, we'll be 150 basis points short of our high watermark for gross margin, which was 45.5 back in 2019. So we would expect to get more of that back next year. Not all of it, of course, but we expect gross margin expansion. And one of the good things about this year is we came all the way back with marketing as percentage of sales. Last year at 10%, we started the year seeing, hey, let's try to get to 10.5% and then we're all the way to 11%. So that's behind us now. So then I say, the other thing I said was we have one of our best new product pipelines coming in 2024 and it's pretty broad based. So now we got this, a lot of things we feel really great about. And so we're very confident in the strength of the business.
Matt Farrell: Yes, no problem on the first one, Steve, but if you could repeat the second one, it would be helpful, you are breaking up.
Matt Farrell: Yes, got it. Okay. Well, the first one is on EPS. We've, if you take a big step back, we've looked at we typically repurchase shares on annual basis to offset share creep. We didn't do that this year. We may get ahead of that in 2023 for 2024. So that in rounding will probably get you most of the way to the difference on your EPS for Q4. The second thing on your gross margin bridge questions, I would say, of course, the price component of -- the price volume mix component, the gross margin bridge comes down a little bit more in Q4. The price piece, but the volume and mix piece are going to go up because we used to have acquisition by itself, which was HERO and that gets blended into kind of the mix of the portfolio. So I would probably say in Q4, a big tailwind from price volume mix, a little bit lower productivity just because it's timing and those projects are choppy. And then, of course, we go backwards a little bit on manufacturing costs and inflation year-over-year. So those are kind of the three pieces to the main three pieces for the gross margin bridge.
Matt Farrell: Well, Steve, I mean, everybody, any public company that is with a question like that is going to say, hey, 2022 was and it was the last year of a three year COVID event. In 2023, there were three things that hit us. It was a WATERPIK and vitamins post COVID and then Flawless. And so the business and gets to re-baseline. WATERPIK, vitamins and Flawless in 2023 and then we kind of grow from there. So I think that's the simplest way to think about it. The three isolated incidents that affected us in 2022. We've got our eyes open about that. Those businesses, vitamin is certainly stabilized. Pardon me, WATERPIK is stabilized, vitamins is still declining, but we have a path back to stabilize that business next year.
Matt Farrell: Yes, well, it's kind of a simple problem. We weren't able to supply in 2022. So we got punished by retailers in 2023 losing shelf space, little interest in making new product launches et cetera. And so consequently, you lose shelf space, you're going to lose consumers. And so now the whole game is this win in the resets in 2024, which now is, do we have a lot of visibility to that? We have some right now. We'll have more. And we thought they're everybody in January, but the fight is really to win back more shelf space in 2024. That's some good news with respect to vitamins. We are the number one gummy vitamin on Amazon. And we have been doing extremely well there this past year. So that's going to be a bigger focus for us going forward as well. But we do think it's just execution and blocking and tackling, Steve, to get that business on firm footing.
Matt Farrell: Yes, look, the trade down, as I mentioned in my opening remarks in the litter class of trade, or litter category, we have a black box and an orange box and a black box is premium. The orange box is value. And so consumers are staying within the franchise trading down from black box to orange box. And it shows in our shares. So our shares are almost like 25% in litter. Your other question was more broadly with respect. Let me comment on laundry as well. I mean, laundry has, we've been doing trade down since beginning, I guess the middle of 2022, quarter after quarter. And this past quarter, liquid laundry grew with the category, but extra you see has started to grow. And that again is a sign of the times. It's a deep value laundry detergent. So once again, I think our portfolio was well positioned for a difficult economic environment. Of course, as long as unemployment stays low, people have jobs. We think that it's going to, people are going to be discerning when they go shopping, but they have money in their pockets to shop. So I think the best value is going to win. When it comes to the promotional environment, liquid laundry, just to give you some numbers, round numbers, if you look at liquid laundry sold on deal in Q1, it was around 32%. And Q2 is like 33.5% and Q3 was 35%. So liquid laundry has been creeping up during 2023. So it's around where you expect it to be pre-COVID. So it's kind of all the way back. Same is true for unit dose. You look at unit dose sequentially Q2, Q3, 31% sold on a deal on Q2, 36% in Q3. Now litter is a different story. I think it's largely because of the difficulties that one of the competitors has had and has consequently pulled back on promotion. So the trend for litter Q1, Q2, Q3 is like a 15% in Q1, 14 .5% in Q2 and like 14.2% in Q3. So that kind of gives you a sense for the trend. I'd say in vitamins, it sequentially is up 200 basis points from Q2 to Q3. There are some competitors that are spending 55% sold on deal. It can't make a lot of money that way, but it definitely does grab volume. But I think those four categories, liquid laundry. unit dose, litter, vitamins give you a sense for what's going on in the promotional environment, Steve.
Matt Farrell: Well, look, our number one objective is to win in acne and there's some acne patches and also related products to acne. And that's pretty broad. This is a really, really big category. And the opportunity for us to plan on launching in dozens of countries in 2024 with HERO. So we think this is just so much runway. And there still needs to be greater awareness of the patch form, which is another reason why we want to make sure we don't get too much of our focus outside the patch category. Now, HERO is a fabulous brand. It resonates with consumers of all ages. We definitely do have the right and the permission to go to categories that are adjacent to acne. And yes, that could be in our future. But in the near term, the focus is on patches.
Matt Farrell: Yes, and Lauren, it all depends on your perspective. Look, people, it depends on the narrative. Do you want to look at sequential Q3 to Q4? Do you want to look at just year-over-year and look at comps and say, what was in last year versus this year? But we have total confidence in where we sit right now with respect to the demand for the products as evidenced by such a strong October. So yes, we think we've got a good number for Q4. And yes, sometimes people accuse us of being conservative. But one thing is for sure about Church & Dwight is we take the long view. We don't have short-term thinking. And I think that anybody listening to the call and certainly our long-term shareholders understand that we're always palms up and try to make sure people, create understanding for not just you the analysts, but for our shareholders. And we're really confident not only Q4, but in our future.
Matt Farrell: Yes, you may be referring to litter. We threw some help from litter sales wise in Q3 and some of that will continue in Q4, but there's lots of opportunities to invest when it comes to marketing. There's not just the advertising. Remember, we had some new products we just launched like the laundry sheets, but sampling is another avenue for us. We've had remarkable conversion rates on sampling of, say, THERABREATH. We think also it can be true for laundry sheets. There's non-working media as well that we can get after in Q4 to prepare for 2024. Over in R&D, there's clinical trials that we can start earlier than expected for one product in particular that we're looking at. It's just a whole list of things that we can go after. Generally, we're always going to be supporting the businesses that need the help, so that would be vitamins, for example. But then you want to feed the strong as well. And we've got a lot of businesses that are on fire right now. So we'll just pour it on in Q4.
Matt Farrell: And Andrea, we feel great about having this sort of portfolio that gives consumers a choice and can trade down. The thing you've got to keep in mind too is if you look back at ARM & HAMMER Liquid Laundry, it has grown share just about every year that I've been here. Year after year in good times and bad times. So it's not simply, yes, it gets accelerated when you have an economic downturn but what happens is people trade down, they discover the brand and they stick with it. That's true for ARM & HAMMER Laundry now. If you go over to Litter, trade down between black box and orange box is great keeping consumer in the category and certainly when the economy recovers people trade back up to the black box.
Matt Farrell: Well, if you look at the value detergent, there's this value and there's extreme value. So you're right. XTRA is the extreme value. And ARM & HAMMER is the high end of value, maybe even the low end of mid-tier. And that has been a strategy for a long time. Pods is an area where we're underrepresented and we only have a 4% share of pods. When in fact, in liquid laundry, we have a 15% share. Now, pod is unit dose, but since so is sheets. And sheets have an advantage in that it's more sustainable, no more plastic jugs. So we do think that that's going to help us gain even greater share in unit dose. Yes, I could cannibalize some ARM & HAMMER pods, but we do think it's going to be attractive to anybody who's using pods today because we don't have the plastic pouches. This comes in a carton and people who don't want to be carrying the big jugs anymore will migrate to sheets as well. So we think there's a lot of positives by adding sheets to the portfolio.
Matt Farrell: Yes, I know this is a lot to do with our forward looking guidance for 2024. So I would just tell you, we'll get into all those details in January, February. We do think we have now gross margin expansion. We think there's tailwinds on gross margin because for the first time in a long time, productivity can outpace inflation. Inflation, we think still higher than normal next year, but not anywhere near what it's been like these past few years. So that's kind of what I would tell you in a heartbeat. The other nuances really, when we look ahead, our pre-COVID margin should be higher because we have some better, faster growing personal care products like HERO and THERABREATH. So we fully recognize that as well, but it's going to be, like I said, the Deutsche Bank Conference and Barclays Conference as well. It's going to be two to three years to get to get there. And so we're going to take a good step each and every year.
Matt Farrell: Yes, no, that's a timely question, Nik. So our international business was really first out of the gate on revenue growth management. And so we have six subsidiaries. And we have all those six subsidiaries have all been linked up regularly discuss the tactics in improving revenue. And it's all the levers between gross and net. And more recently, our US business reorganized so that we can adopt more of those practices that our international business has honed, but also link the US into those six international subsidiaries. So yes, the whole concept of revenue growth management is taking hold in the company and that contributes to making decisions about unprofitable promotions.
Matt Farrell: Yes, so MEGALAC has faced low-priced imports for years, even pre-COVID. We were a little protected from that because of how difficult it was to get shipping containers. And so the US market was a little bit more protected, and so MEGALAC did really well during those few years. So once shipping constraints were lifted, competitors came back in, low-priced competitors were there, and we've lost share. This is a very low-profit business, this one product line. And so we are looking hard at how to restructure that business. And so not a lot to talk about today, but I would just tell you, yes, revenue is down, it was volatile, but the impact on profits is minimal.
Matt Farrell: Yes, well, look, I'm, it's a logical question, but it is our first week in November and we're going to unveil all those new products in the January, first week of February when we give our outlook for next year. So it's best to just stay tuned on that one, Jon.
Matt Farrell: Well, look, this was a reset year for WATERPIK. The whole idea was to get close to plan, try to have a level year when it comes to sales. The business has been struggling because during COVID people pretty flush, people staying home, a lot of water flossers got sold in 2021 and even some in ‘22. So that's where the struggle is in ‘23. And then there's always knockoffs that we have to deal with that we see more and more of those as well as some private label, which is -- which we, is not a new thing, but it's been more significant in 2023. But that business has been around for decades. It's it is the Cadillac when it comes to flossers. And we have innovation coming as well for WATERPIK, which we'll talk about at the end of January, first week of February, but innovation and the maintaining the brand equity that the WATERPIK is the premier water flosser is our strategy going forward.
Matt Farrell: Yes. And as far as, I can't really help you with the volumes for our 17 categories. But what I can tell you is that if you look at October and that we had consumption growth in 12 of our 17 categories, so that continues to sustain what we saw in Q3. And remember Q3 was half of our growth was driven by volume. We see that to be 1% or better in Q4. But the good news is that the 12 of our 17 categories, we're seeing growth in October. So it's the beat goes on.
Matt Farrell: No, when you have volume growth, that would suggest that you are seeing consumers migrate to your product year-over-year. We have higher, it should be more cases and more units. And like I said, we expect that to continue in Q4.
Matt Farrell: We've said that 11% is where we wanted to get back to and we thought it was going to be a stair step that would go from 10% in ‘22 to 10.5% in ‘23 and then 11% in ‘24 and we're already now at 11% and we think that's a good level of spend to sustain and grow our brands.
Matt Farrell: Okay, hurray. Hey, thanks for joining us today. We had a great Q3, a lot of momentum going into Q4 and in 2024. And really looking forward to talking to you guys at the end of January or early February with our outlook for ‘24. So thanks for joining us today.
Steve Powers: Great. Good morning. Thank you. A question first is on the fourth quarter guidance. There are two questions actually. The first one, maybe my numbers are off, but it feels like you kind of need to do $0.64 or even $0.65 in the fourth quarter to get to $3.15 based on what you've done the first nine months. Just want to see if I'm missing something in that math. And then as we're talking about that just the gross margin, because it implies about a couple hundred basis points of gross margin expansion. I don't know. Which you're able to kind of preview how you think the bridge between price volume and productivity and inflation will kind of battle out in that [inaudible].
Steve Powers: Sorry, I think it's about 200 basis points of gross margin expansion implied in the fourth quarter. Just how you think that's going to kind of shake out between the benefits of price and volume versus and productivity offset by the by the lingering inflation.
Steve Powers: Okay, that's perfect. And if I could just, I guess this is more, this is nine ‘24 question, one of sort philosophical question. So, if we go back to 2021 and coming into ‘22, the original expectation was that everything was on the table. It didn't play out that way, obviously, but if you think about that, if we had grown evergreen in ‘22 and ‘23, we'd be looking at $3.50 there about of earnings in ‘23, not 3.15. So I guess the question is as we look forward is, are you guys approaching the future trying to claw back that $0.35 over time or have we sort of written off ‘22 and we're kind of philosophically running evergreen from here.
Jon Anderson: Hey, good morning, everyone, thanks for the question. Just one, if it's a shot, it may be too early for you to comment in detail, but you mentioned a couple of times that you have one of the better or best [inaudible]
Jon Anderson: Given kind of the current macro, is the innovation for ‘24 likely to be tilted more towards value than premium? And if you can just kind of characterize it a little bit, given Matt's comments that it's one of the best or better new product lineups that you've had. Thanks.
Jon Anderson: Yes, we'll try again. Just WATERPIK. Could you give us a little bit more detail around where that business is versus your plan year-to-date and really more importantly, what your expectations are going forward as you look to 2024? Thanks.
