Jim Craigie: Good morning, everyone. It’s always a pleasure to talk to you, particularly when we have great results to report. I’ll start off this call by providing you with my overview of our third quarter business results, which you’ve read about in our press release this morning. I’ll then turn the call over to Matt Farrell, who will provide you with his perspective on the financial details for the quarter. When Matt is finished, I’ll return to provide some more detailed information on the performance of our key brands and discuss our earnings guidance for the year. We’ll then open the call to field questions from you. Let me start off by saying that I’m very proud of my team for delivering excellent third quarter business results in such a difficult business environment. Despite continuing headwinds from weak consumer demand and increased competitive pressures, Church & Dwight achieved 4.7% organic sales growth in Q3, driven by record share results on all four of our mega brands. In combination with continued tight control of overhead cost, the company delivered a 30 basis-point increase in operating margin and a 12% increase in earnings per share. On a year-to-date basis, our organic sales growth is right in line with our annual target of 3%. So the excellent results from the first three quarters of 2014 makes us feel confident in achieving our aggressive annual EPS growth target of 8%, which would place us in the top quartile of EPS growth for the entire CPG industry. I am also pleased to report that we’ve completed the acquisition of several leading women’s healthcare brands from the Lil’ Drug Store Products Company. This acquisition meets the company’s acquisition criteria which have been a key driver of our consistently strong EPS growth. We expect the acquisition to be earnings neutral in 2014 and accretive to earnings per share in 2015. Let me assure that we are continuing to aggressively pursue acquisitions. I’ll now turn the call over to Matt to give you some specific details on our third quarter results and then I’ll return to give you some further insights of results of our key brands and provide additional details and my outlook for the year.
Jim Craigie: No, I think Bill we don’t have any information to share on that. We’re trying to just provide context on our expectation based on what we’re seeing right now. I would just say two facts kind of support that context. One is that improvement in the overall laundry detergent category. The category is still down, it was down 2.3% in Q3, but that’s better than the 3.8% decline in Q1 versus a year ago and the 3.5% decline in Q2. So, we’re seeing improvement in the category and also the promoted price per wash load for liquid laundry detergent was higher in Q3. And keep in mind liquid is still 70% of the business. So we’re seeing some trends, which we like.
Jim Craigie: Well, we have a portfolio now Bill of three laundry detergent brands and every one of them is important. And we have plans in place to make XTRA do better going forward and I’m not going to reveal those. But yes, it’s a part of our portfolio, but we’re working on it. Overall the portfolio is showing great record share results and XTRA was down a little bit, but we have plans going forward to make that better.
Jim Craigie: Yes. Well, Bill all I’d say is two key drivers for our fast success, and then we’ve got a very experienced management team and I carefully leverage that team overtime to meet the changing needs of our customers and consumers and to meet the competitive environment that we face in order to live our great business results. Right now, I wanted build more time to three things; one, long-term corporate strategy; two, acquisitions; and three, developing the organization’s capabilities. I need more time to do that, it’s enabled me to do that. I’ve asked Matt to step up and handle the additional duties of COO. He will be overseeing and coordinating the day-to-day execution of our business. That leverages his last 8 years of experience as our CFO, which he has been involved in all aspects of the business. Matt, as you guys know; and I appreciate for the incredible Job as our CFO. He is in a position to take on additional responsibilities because he has developed a world class financial team. So, in my mind this evolution of our management structure is what the company needs right now. Going forward, I’ll continue to make changes in the future if needed to continue deliver outstanding business results. So that’s what’s going on.
Jim Craigie: I don’t want to go in detail, Bill, but yes, we’re continuing to see some positive things happening. But it’s still early in the fourth quarter.
Jim Craigie: The way I think about it, Alice, is the last couple of quarters, the Specialty Products business has generated more than 1% of our growth. So, if you went back to Q3 for example of that 4.7%, the Specialty Products business was – number is around 1.5% of that. That’s not going to repeat in the fourth quarter. So when you think about 3% fourth quarter organic growth, the simple way to explain it is that SPD is going to grow, Specialty Products will be less than 1% of Q4 year-over-year, which means the Consumer business is going to be higher. But as far as my ability to tell you exactly what it’s going to be, I’ve whiffed on that last couple of quarters, so that’s as close as I can get it right now.
Jim Craigie: Yes. Alice, our share was up 0.1% which was the same as Procter and again which competitors were down on a share basis.
Jim Craigie: Yes. What happens with resin, Connie, is that there is less of a correlation with the oil than there used to be historically. So, it seems to be more related to capacity suppliers and outages both planned and unplanned. So, resin is still super high. I know somebody wrote a note about resin coming down, love to see that happen because that looks certainly benefit from that next year, but it would thinking away to see right now.
Jim Craigie: Well, I’m a young 61, someday I will retire, but so that’s all there right now you’re getting out how do your speech is there as far as I’m concerned.
Jim Craigie: Yes Kevin, I’ll address the acquisition environment and let Matt take the share buyback. I would just say it’s a very active environment out there. And it’s more a case of we’re just looking for as I said in my comments for acquisitions that fit our criteria, we’re being selective as we’ve always been and when we make deals, they have long-term benefit in terms of being accretive. So, there is a lot. Again one of the reasons I want to spend more time to be able to pursue these and chase them down because it’s a very active environment, but an environment which we want to be very careful in. We don’t want to repay and we want to make the right long-term deal and it takes a lot of focus to do that. So that’s one the reasons for giving Matt the additional duty of COO. I’ll let Matt to address the share buyback.
Jim Craigie: Yes, thanks Kevin. I would just say two things: One, our focus going forward will always be to give the strongest support to our four mega brands; and two we’re going to continue to strongly support the major new product launches we made this year. But as Matt referred to, we won’t have to pay slotting fees and we won’t be at introductory coupon levels next year; we’ll just be in of ongoing level. So we’re going to continue to drive the growth. We’re happy with the start; it’s going very well, but we know we need to continue that next year and we’ll be launching of new products on especially on our mega brands next year.
Jim Craigie: And Caroline you know there has been retail consolidation up there, some new competitors. It’s just a very volatile market. We are showing some improvement in beginning the Q4. So, we’re optimistic there. It’s just something we’ve been dealing with the environment up there. I think everybody has been dealing with it. And I think again, we had a good month of October overall especially in Canada.
Jim Craigie: Yes Nik. The economy -- all I can say if I can go back to what I repeated in my call, so the categories that we’re in, we’re seeing good steady improvement from minus 0.8 to plus or minus in the second quarter the plus 0.8 in the third quarter. I can’t predict it going forward. I mean you read the papers every day, someday it is headwind, someday it is tailwind on that. So, I am just -- maybe I’m snitch more optimistic right now, but as we continue going forward I will tell you there is every day I read the negative news I know if you haven’t seen it there is concerns about the Port of Long Beach in California, with two to three week delays on products coming into the country. Luckily we have very small part of our product line is imports, I don’t see any impact on that, but I feared impact on retailers being able to merchandise stuff in Q4. But overall, it’s just -- I think the categories we’re in again driven by innovation are starting to show some improvement. The BMS sampling is a key part of that program. We continue to spend more money on that. I don’t have any statistics to give you honestly. So, it’s good news, our business continues to grow; we continue to be number one share position and we’ve got a lot of new products in the pipeline come along. I think we often told we’re right now putting in a new capacity in the plant that will increase our capacity by about 75%. That new production lines will be up and running soon. So we have lots of very aggressive plans for vitamins going forward.
Jim Craigie: No, I wouldn’t say that. Lil’ Drug Store is a really good operator and they had really good ACV for these. There are some of likes there, but I wouldn’t be looking at these brands as having big voids to sell.
Jim Craigie: I think Nik, we kind of -- Matt kind of alluded we have another business sort of like this called Femfresh over in Europe. It has products within this line which maybe applicable to this business. And with that we’d be launching additional products into these two brands.
Jim Craigie: We don’t do this for any brand. We always going to ask, but we don’t go into sales and margins by brand or SPU or any that.
Jim Craigie: Okay. Hey I want to thank everybody for taking the time to meet with us this morning. Again, very proud of the results this quarter and just hope things keep going well, which I think they will. Again I said earlier, we had a good October and we’ve got a couple of months to go to finish the year. So, thanks again for taking the time. Bye, bye.
Matt Farrell: Yes, Bill. It’s Matt. As you know, the specialty products business has been flying pretty high and Q4, they’re going to be coming down earth. So, that’s one of the reasons why it’s going to be lower sequentially. In Q3, as you know, we took actions to particularly in the laundry category which we talked about on the last call, was actions we decided upon in May; June got a lot better year-over-year followed by July, August and September. So that kinds Q3 was influenced by those, but it seems though we expect the relatively normalized commercial line in Q4 so that’s also reflected in our top-line.
Matt Farrell: Yes, right. Current spot rates we calculate to be almost 1.5% drag on EPS. And that’s best baked into our thinking still a high single-digits. So, where it is true that we have an acquisition and it’s going to help us by $0.02 next year, we got more than $0.02 going the other way at current spot rates for FX.
Matt Farrell: Hi Michael, this is Matt. While we expect to sustain the year-over-year dollar saving, it’s a combination of a lot of things. You may recall back at the -- in February when we closed the year that we expected a 100 basis points of help year-over-year from SG&A and that’s because of our vigilance with respect to headcount, in fact we had put it in SAP system two years ago now, we continued to try to leverage. We’re far more progressive than any other [CPD] company with respect to how we manage medical and dental cost; in fact our medical and dental costs are down year-over-year as a result of us going to a private exchange. You won’t find many companies that have -- that did that as of 01-01-2014. So, when I think about 2015, you’re trying to get at the sustainability of the SG&A. improvement. So, we expect to sustain the dollar save. And as you think about our algorithm, you can grow this company 3% top-line. So, if your reported number is 3% top line growth and you can keep a lid on SG&A. So if SG&A can grow 1% or less, you’re going to get 25 basis points of leverage. So that’s half of the 50 basis points of operating margin leverage that we’d be looking for. That’s the simple way to think about it.
Matt Farrell: Roughly plus or minus, just to give you an exact number that way around, but I’m going to give you exact number; I want to go check beginning on that one; you’re asking for specific numbers on specific category that’s a double check.
Matt Farrell: It’s cyclical. You do businesses that go up and down. So, if you look at our Ks for the last few years, you’re going to see that it’s driven by the end market, and their input costs, so some end markets are positive right now in that JV. But I wouldn’t say that I would count on there for next year just yes, we’ll update you, everyone.
Matt Farrell: I don’t want to announce it and can’t even before we do it. I would just say, we continue to rock and roll on Cat Litter. I think the month of October has just rolled in and we’re up actually 34% over a year ago. So, we continue to do very well. And again, I just have a policy of not announcing new product launches before actually they hit the market. Our competitors like to tip us off, but we don’t do that.
Matt Farrell: Well, remember this week Jim talked about new products this year was a biggest year in years as far as the number of new products that we’ve launched. And along with that came lots of slotting and couponing to stimulate trial. So, next year will be -- we always have great years and next year will be a good year, but we won’t have as many of launches next year in 2015, ‘14 consequently have what we are slotting and couponing and obviously that gives you a bit of a tailwind for gross margin.
Matt Farrell: We just talked about the gross margin for next year being influenced by lower slotting and couponing, I don’t know, if you heard that or not, Jason, because we have so many new product launches this year in particular OXICLEAN and that’s going to peel back a bit next year. So that’s a natural lift to gross margin in 2015 versus 2014. As far as gross margin goes, Q3 to Q4, it’s sequentially a better. You’d probably saw in the release and Jim has made some remarks about that that we expect a more normalized promotional environment, but I comment this with respect in Q4. So we come in 15 or 16 there, but that seems to be the trend right now.
Matt Farrell: Yes. On buybacks, Kevin, remember when we started the year we had $500 million of cash on the balance sheet, Jan 01, ‘14. And you know we’re a bit cash flow generator. So, we were somewhat opportunistic this year and be able to deploy that cash not having found large enough acquisitions that we thought met our criteria. So, we bought that $430 million of stock this year. So, I wouldn’t expect that to repeat because the highest and best use of our cash flow is acquisitions. So, the one thing we would commit to is that we would try to address share creep for 2015 and number that’s around $85 million of buybacks.
Matt Farrell: I’ll tell you, Windy, but that’s another way we manage the places; we’re always looking for ways to spend back more on media with our brands; to that extent that we did buyback, we probably spend back any of that incremental profits in marketing. 
Matt Farrell: Let’s wait till we get to the end of year and we’re going to call that. So in February, we’ll give you the detail on how much of that was in 2014 and what the tailwind is for ‘15.
Matt Farrell: No because of the M&A market at all, this is question of do you do it in December or do you do it in January and February, typically do it -- do it we do it front end loaded. So, we’ll just do that in December. But like I said, it’s not going to have an impact our full year ‘14 and a month isn’t going to change -- make a difference with respect o 2015. But we haven’t made that call yet.
Matt Farrell: Yes. We always have puts and takes in a quarter, lots of variables and none of which we will go into today on the call. Mike, as you correctly point out as for quarter ahead and for the full year we’re always pretty careful about what our expectations are so we can help people either way to the numbers. So, the big variable is always going to be the top-line too. That’s the one that’s hardest to call marketing in SG&A and is within our control, but certainly promotional environment and the top-line are not. And although, we might say we expect a relatively normalized promotional environment, it’s still early.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Canada is extremely competitive promotional environment right now. Some retailers up there are very aggressive with respect to promotions and who will remain nameless. It’s more or less the (inaudible) of the U.S. And so it’s the 10% of the U.S. sales in the Canada versus U.S. It’s our most important subsidiary, but we’ve had struggles up there with respect to competition this year.
Matt Farrell: Not obviously the retailers there, it’s just we have to compete, right? So, you got to compete with your competitors as well.
Matt Farrell: Look, our women’s health business in the U.S. is essentially a pregnancy kit business. We still have an opportunity using our gummies to expand the first response into another area. This is complementary because we’re already in the business in Europe. So, it’s not -- we’re not strangers to this particular category. These are small categories, but growing. So, I wouldn’t say that we were going to go on a roll up here with respect to women’s vaginal products. It is a subsection of lubricants. Lubricants is not growing as a total category, but the subcategories within those are growing far more rapidly and that was what the attraction was for us of each of these brands.
Matt Farrell: Yes. Usually it does, Caroline. It’s something when we bought this business to be flatter and the category goes up and down based on news in the marketplace. So, we were told about that and that’s exactly what we’re seeing right now. I can’t predict exactly what number we’ll go to, but it’s definitely had a vacuum in the positive direction now.
Matt Farrell: Yes. I would say -- just to be clear. So, it’s not in the release and it’s not in the script. So we haven’t called the top-line for next year. So, we’re not ready to call any lines. I don’t think we really said is that we expect gross margin expansion and the reasons for that we’re going to be the fact that we had such a huge number of new products launch this year unlike the slotting and couponing to generate trial in ‘14 that we don’t expect to repeat as much next year. I gave an example with respect to the sustainability of the SG&A costs. And in my example I said that if you assumed 3% top-line growth then you kept the lead on SG&A at only 1% or less that you could generate 25 of your 50 basis points of operating margin expansion. But we’re not ready right now to be calling the three pieces; domestic, international and specialty products. But I will say that you’re right with respect to lightening striking twice, when you look at the kind of year that specialty products had this year, it’s certainly not obvious to us either that that will repeat next year.
