Mark Papa: Thanks, Bill. I’ll briefly discuss our plays outside North America. In Trinidad, our first quarter production was as projected. We’re in the midst of a drilling program off our Osprey platform that will help to maintain flat over production in 2013 and 2014.  In the East Irish Sea, the startup of our Conwy oil project has been delayed until early 2014. For this reason, we’re keeping our full year total company oil growth target at 28%, even though we significantly outperformed in the first quarter. We have, however, increased our U.S. oil growth estimate by 4% this year, due to our Eagle Ford strength. In addition to having captured sweet spot positions in crude oil resource plays, another EOG differentiator is our domestic crude oil realizations in margins. During the quarter and currently, our Eagle Ford crude is priced off an LOS index as is our Bakken and part of our Permian crew, which is being railed to our St. James terminal.  The majority of our domestic crude volumes are linked to LOS rather than WTI prices. This access to premium markets resulted in a $12.23 per barrel premium over WTI during the first quarter for EOG’s U.S. crude oil volumes. We expect to achieve a $9.25 premium in the second quarter using the midpoint of yesterday’s guidance. Now I’ll discuss some longer term implications emanating from our asset base. On this call we’ve described our three main domestic oil assets in the Eagle Ford, Bakken, and Delaware Basin. We feel the addition of the Delaware Basin Leonard and Wolfcamp assets that we announced in February moves EOG past a key threshold and allows us to talk with confidence about what EOG will look like five years out. Today we have sufficient confidence in our asset base to provide directional guidance for 2014 through 2017, with the caveat that WT oil prices remain at or above $85. Under that assumption, we believe EOG will continue to have the highest oil growth rates during 2013 to 2017 of any large cap independent, similar to our performance of the past three years. We expect our 2014 to 2017 NGL growth to be at or near top tier. Our 2014 to 2017 North American gas production should reverse its negative trend and begin to increase, even though we drill very few dry gas wells. This is the result of our combo play activity and associated natural gas production.  Outside of North America, EOG produces natural gas in Trinidad and China. We expect that production to be essentially flat during the 2014 to 2017 timeframe. When you combine this mix, you’ll likely calculate strong overall total company production growth underpinned by very strong high-margin oil growth.  The conclusion from this overview is that EOG is likely to exhibit one of the highest overall production growth rates, combined with the single-highest oil growth rate of the large caps for at least the 2014 to 2017 period. And all the growth is sourced domestically. This should yield significant net income and overall free cash flow, even at a flat $85 WTI oil price.  When considered on a debt-adjusted basis, the growth rate is even higher. EOG can accomplish this production net income and cash flow growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet.  I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure. 
Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I’ll provide our views regarding the macro environment, hedging, and crude by rail. Regarding oil, we believe full year WTI prices will average in the low 90s, similar to the past two years. However, as our total company cash flow becomes more dependent on oil, we have changed our oil hedging philosophy such that we plan to target an approximate 50% hedge position for the full year. For the second half of this year, we had 93,000 barrels of oil a day hedged at $98.44. Currently, we have 42,000 barrels of oil a day hedged for the first half of 2014 at $95.86. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. Regarding North American gas, we recently added some May through October 2013 and some full year 2014 hedges. We don’t have a target hedge percentage, and have viewed the April gas price upsurge as a hedge opportunity. Our crude by rail continues to be a highly profitable venture and although the WTI-LOS differential has recently contracted from $20 to $11 a barrel, it’s still very advantageous for us to move oil by rail from the Bakken, Permian, and Barnett combo to St. James. Additionally, we have contracted capacity on a Houston Tahoma pipeline later in the year, and will have the flexibility to move our Eagle Ford oil east from Houston to refineries in Louisiana, which are priced off the LOS index. I’ll now briefly address our 2013 business plan, which is consistent with what we outlined on our February call. We still expect our total capex to be between $7.0 and $7.2 billion, and proceeds from dispositions to be approximately $550 million. Our full year production growth targets are unchanged at this time, and we slightly reduced our full year LOE and DD&A estimate. Even though natural gas prices have strengthened, we don’t intend to drill any additional dry gas wells this year. Now, let me conclude. There are eight important takeaways from this call. First, as evident by our results, EOG is firing on all cylinders: volumes, unit costs, price realizations, and returns. Second, our first quarter reinvestment rate of return on our drilling capital program was the highest in the company’s history, led by the Eagle Ford and North Dakota Bakken investments.  Third, the Eagle Ford is leading the pack and drove our first quarter oil outperformance. Fourth, our first quarter Bakken drilling rate of return rivaled our outstanding Eagle Ford triple-digit returns and our initial test of the second bench of the Three Forks floated 3,150 barrels of oil per day. Our overall North Dakota results are much better than the industry average because we are drilling 160-acre downspace wells in the best acreage in the entire play.  Fifth, our recent Delaware Basin Leonard performance has been excellent and we’ll ramp up this play in 2014. Additionally, our third Delaware Basin horizontal Wolfcamp test confirms this area as our third key asset in our portfolio. Sixth, we’re seeing downward cost pressure across the board. Seventh, I’ve walked you through our five-year outlook. We have all the assets in place to achieve best-in-class, organic, high rate of return domestic crude oil and NGL growth and our North American natural gas production should flatten out next year and then begin to increase. Beginning in 2014, provided WTI oil prices stay at current levels, we expect to have strong total company production growth and begin to generate free cash flow. And finally, our succession plan is consistent with what we previously reported. I will step down as CEO on July 1 of this year. Bill Thomas will succeed me at that time as CEO. I will remain as executive chairman until Bill replaces me when I retire on December 31 with the title of chairman and CEO. Thanks for listening, and now we’ll go to Q&A. 
Mark Papa: The outlook through 2017 that we gave you we generally are assuming no dry gas drilling, or essentially no dry gas drilling, throughout 2017 in the outlook we provided.
Mark Papa: We don’t want to give specific numbers, but I’d just say that some of the numbers that might have been penciled in previously for overall growth are probably too low, and I think we’ll have surprising overall growth during the next four or five years, really. The 4% growth that we’re projecting this year is not what you should expect in the 2014 to 2017 period.
Mark Papa: We’re a little bit surprised by how well we came in on our overall costs for the first quarter, so we’re a little bit conservative in the guidance that we’ve given for the remainder of this year, although we do think it will be a little bit back end loaded. So I’d say on the unit costs, there is a possibility we may beat the full year guidance on some of those, but we’re going to wait another quarter to see how repeatable this first quarter really is.
Mark Papa: We’ll just be looking at it at the end of the second quarter. We just want to see what the trend is. But right now we just want to be fairly conservative. On the production side, though, we’re not signaling that we may beat on production on there, at that time, so we would guide you to the full year production of the 28% oil growth and not higher than that at this time. There may be some room on some of the costs, and we’ll reevaluate that at the end of the second quarter.
Mark Papa: It’s hard for us to guess on these differentials kind of where they’re going. I’d be hard press to really hazard a specific guess. We do believe that the differential, Gulf Coast to WTI, is likely to stay more compressed than it was in the first quarter. We don’t see that ballooning out. But where the Bakken is relative to the WTI or the Gulf Coast, I can’t give you any specific guidance on that that would be very specific, unfortunately.
Mark Papa: I guess our view at this point is we don’t see any return to the high twos or low threes for gas in terms of 2013 or 2014, or 2015. We think we’re now in a timeframe, in 2013, 2014 and 2015, we’re somewhere in the range of likely $4-5 gas prices. So we have become slightly more bullish than in the past, but we certainly are not in hyper-bullish mode. 
Mark Papa: We will probably continue just to give an annual update. It’s been our experience that companies that try and give a three- to five-year guidance, they almost immediately miss their guidance the first or second year, and so we’re not likely to do that. So it will be likely that in February we’ll give full year 2014 guidance and we might give a little more framework around the 2015 to 2017 guidance, but don’t look for us to provide firm numbers for more than one year out as we go forward.
Mark Papa: I’ll just say that we ran a case at a flat WTI oil price of $85 and we believe that over the aggregate period of 2014 to 2017, we will generate some significant free cash flow during that period at a flat $85 WTI oil price. So during that entire period, we’ll be guided by the same maximum debt limit of no higher than 30% net debt to total cap, and we think that we should be in a free cash mode during this period, certainly at current oil prices. If you just take flat oil prices, current levels, through 2017, we will be at significant free cash flow [unintelligible] based on our internal growth projections.
Mark Papa: We still are of the belief that total U.S. oil production growth that happened in 2012 was perhaps the peak that is going to occur. That production growth was about 800,000 barrels of oil a day, and we expect that the total growth in 2013 to be less than that, and 2014 to be less than that. We’re already seeing a lesser rate of growth in the Bakken. The Eagle Ford, of course, is still steaming ahead at a quite high rate of growth.  And so we believe that we’re not going to see stupendous overall U.S. growth rates as we go forward. We think there’s only really two major driving forces of U.S. oil growth: Bakken and Eagle Ford. Eagle Ford is going to surpass the Bakken likely this year as the biggest oil growth rate. Bakken is slowing down. Permian is really not on that fast of a track. And then there’s what I would classify as all others. And the all others are not growing at a very fast pace at all.  So we’re not as concerned as others that U.S. oil growth is going to flood the total market and ruin global oil prices. 
Mark Papa: In terms of rigs, not all that many rigs. I mean, to give you an idea of rigs, in the first quarter of ’12, we ran up to 76 rigs. In the first quarter of ’13, we ran 52 rigs. Now, some of those rigs last year were drilling some gas wells. This year we weren’t drilling hardly any gas wells. But what we’re seeing is the rig count’s probably not going to go up that much, even if we ramp up the number of wells we plan to drill, because we continue to drill at a faster pace in days per well. So what I would say is, if the constant oil price continues to occur in 2014, we’ll probably ramp up activity in the Eagle Ford, the Bakken, and the Permian from the activity level that we expect to achieve in 2013. And we expect we can do that and still have significant free cash flow in 2014.
Mark Papa: As an overview, I’d say Karnes is still not as good as Gonzalez. But on the rate of change, while we’re continuing to make better wells, given equal acreage, the rate of change is still quite positive in the Eagle Ford.  In other words, if you take essentially any piece of our acreage, whether it’s in the west, the middle, or the east, are we making better wells today than we were a year ago, than we were two years ago or three years ago? The answer is unequivocally yes. So that’s why you’re seeing the fact that we continue to beat our production targets relating to the Eagle Ford.  Because we project and say, okay, based on what we think the productivity is going to be, based on drilling X wells for the rest of this year, we project a number and give it to you as our 8-K estimate. And then what we find out is gee whiz, the productivity of those wells is better than projected based on typically our completion efficiency.  So I can’t overestimate the quality of this Eagle Ford asset. And I think a lot of people, when we purposely restricted the money in the fourth quarter, to the Eagle Ford, and we had clearly signaled this to the investment community before we did it, we said we’re going to slow down activity in the fourth quarter to the Eagle Ford because of budget constraints, and then production slowed down.  I think a lot of people misread the production slowdown in our fourth quarter and felt that the Eagle Ford rate of change had inflected downwards, and that was clearly not the case. It was just that the capital, the coin operated machine received less coins in the fourth quarter. So we upped the coinage in the first quarter and you see the results.  So that’s why we’re so optimistic, not only of what we can do this year, but what we can do in the period 2014 through 2017.
Mark Papa: Yeah, that’s a new slide we put in there, and glad you caught that. It’s pretty impressive, really, as to what we’re seeing on these averages. And this is on our IR slides we posted on our website this morning. And you can see a steady increase, if anyone wants to go take a look at that. We’ve got a chart there that shows the 30-day production average and then on the right hand side of that chart, it shows the number of drilling days versus time, and you can see improvement in there. Generally, the 30-day average is a function of the completion efficacy of what we’re doing, and it also could be a function of the location of the wells. And so on the completion efficacy, I’d say that we do have a bit of a secret sauce in our fracks that we really aren’t going to talk much about, but we are doing some things differently than other operators down there. This has been a change that we’ve fully implemented, really in just the last six months. And we are seeing clearly differentiating results from that, and at this point we’ll just call it our own secret sauce.
Mark Papa: Yeah, but we won’t update that. I wouldn’t look at that EUR. First point is, at the current 400 MBOE net after royalty, and our current well costs, we are achieving greater than 100% after-tax direct reinvestment rates of return. So that, for a large hydrocarbon play, I would say is likely the absolute best rate of return anyone’s achieving, clearly, in North America, perhaps the world, except for the NOCs. And so it’s very adequate returns, certainly more than adequate.  And we will look maybe annually at whether we could bump that reserve estimate, but that’s not something we’re going to adjust on a quarterly basis.
Mark Papa: Well, at this juncture, no, we’re not anticipating any year-end slowdown, as we would see it. There probably was kind of a catch your breath kind of advantage, particularly in the Eagle Ford last year, in the fourth quarter, and we were running so hard and so fast that there probably was a bit of an advantage to just slowing down for a period. But I would say at this point, it would be best to project that we would not slow down at this point.  In terms of our capex burn rate, if you check the numbers, we consumed almost exactly 25% of our capex in the first quarter. So right now, our burn rate is pretty much, if we continue to burn at that rate, we’ll be exactly on our budget plan. So right now that’s pretty much our plan. 
Mark Papa: That’s a high-class problem to have. At this juncture, I would say that our priorities would likely be to establish some kind of meaningful dividend increase, whether it’s a percent per year or something linked perhaps to cash flow increases or something like that.  The second thing would be we’d potentially might set some sort of floor as to what would be the minimum net debt to cap debt leverage that we think would be reasonable for an E&P company. And we wouldn’t just plan to pay our debt down below a certain minimum level. We’re not aiming to be a debt-free company or anything like that. And the third thing that would be likely, once we hit that minimum debt level, would be to look at ramping up the capex. We have so many projects, at these kind of reinvestment rates of return, ramping up the capex further might be the proper path. But that would be an evolutionary type decision. Obviously on a year-to-year basis, it would depend on the price of hydrocarbons. But the key takeaway, I think, that we want to convey to you at this point, is that during this forthcoming four-year period, that the company would be able to achieve, even at a flat $85 WTI oil price, twin goals: a very robust production growth, particularly oil growth, as well as significant free cash flow. And so that’s pretty important to note. I’m not sure there’s many companies at a flat $85 oil price that would be able to say they could achieve those dual objectives.
Mark Papa: I’ll just add one thing to that. There are some combo plays that we hope to uncover that could be substantially larger in terms of oil content, that I think are yet to be found, and we’re still chasing those. So there are still some substantial plays, I think, that will be uncovered, that may be similar to what we’re talking about out there in the Delaware Basin.
Bill Thomas: We certainly think it’s prospective across our Antelope Ridge area. We have enough logs and data there to kind of verify that. On the remainder of our acreage, like in the core area, it may be prospective. We’re taking additional looks at that as we speak. But it’s not as clear there as it is in Antelope. But you know, we’re really excited about the second bench, and we’re going to be testing another second bench well down the road, and then I think next year we’ve got plans for drilling down in a third bench. So we’re very excited about the Three Forks potential there at Antelope.
Bill Thomas: We’ve got 15 or so wells that are in various phases of production that we’ve completed as downspace wells. And certainly as we talked about earlier, the original wells, which were more like 320-acre spaced wells, they certainly, with the improved frack techniques that we use, they’re certainly, on a per-foot of lateral basis, when you normalize that, they’re outperforming our older wells.  And it’s still really early on the tighter spacing wells. They’re equivalent, really, of 160-acrew wells. And of course these are long laterals, and the per-acres per well is variable. But they’re tighter spacing. We don’t have a lot of production history on those. We put the first ones online early in the first quarter, and so we’ve only got maybe 90 days of production on those.  And we’re really watching that carefully, because we certainly want, before we do a lot of accelerated drilling, we want to be careful and make sure that we’re adding [MPV], and we’re not overdrilling or sharing production between wells. So we’re watching that, and our plan is to drill the remainder of the wills this year.  It’s about 53 wells we’re going to complete this year. Most of those will be the 160-acre type downspace wells. And so it’s really kind of a pilot program, and we’re going to watch the production throughout the year. And it usually takes like 6 to 9 months to kind of verify that you’re doing things correctly.  So we’re kind of in the first part of that process, and so hopefully by the end of the year, we’ll know a whole lot more about that, and be able to give you more color on that. But certainly, we think the improved frack techniques certainly, at this point, we’re very positive about it. We’re contacting more rock, and we’re really enhancing the recovery factor of the Bakken on our core acres. So it’s going well right now.
Bill Thomas: Certainly as far as the oil plays, as we talked about, and I think we’re not really expecting to get another Eagle Ford or Bakken resource play of that quality and that size all tied together. So we have a decent list of new greenfield plays we’re working on on the oil side. But the quality of rock for oil plays and shales is really limited. And then the thermal maturity of the oil, the window there, of the right maturity of the oil, is really critical too.  So the sweet spots are really small, and so what I think you’re going to be seeing is, and I think you’re correct on this, you’re not going to be seeing people announcing billion barrel new oil play discoveries. But hopefully we’ll be able to announce some success in some plays that would be maybe in the 50-100 million barrels, or maybe even bigger than that, which is a significant value in North America.  So we’re not going to lose our exploration edge. The industry as a whole, I think, is certainly at a point right now where they really have a lot of acreage [leased], and people are testing a lot of ideas and plays. I think as we’ve talked about all along, you’re seeing the cream of the crop of the plays rise to the top, which are certainly the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. And we feel very fortunate that we have very large, substantial positions in those, and we hope to add a few more smaller ones as we go along.  
Bill Thomas: In the core, I believe we’ve only completed like maybe three or four wells in the Three Forks there, and those I believe are the first bench. And so I think what we’re noticing, industry wide, that there’s a bit more success on the Three Forks than what maybe we had anticipated a few years ago. And so we’re really taking a second look at all that. And we’ll just have to see how that goes as we move on down the road. I’m sure that we’ll be analyzing that and thinking about maybe drilling, on Three Forks, our core acreage as we go forward.
Bill Thomas: The answer to the first question is yeah, we haven’t changed our EUR per well. It’s still a growth, 430 MBOE per well. The challenge there is just kind of twofold. Number one is the rock quality in the Midland Basin is not quite as strong as what we see in the Wolfcamp and the Leonard plays in the Delaware Basin.  And then the second thing is that frack containment is more of an issue in the Midland Basin. As you know, they have, at least in the areas we’re working, we have three potential [pay zones], and so you drill a lateral in one of the pay zones and you frack a well, and it has a tendency to grow up into the other pay zone.  And then also, laterally, horizontally, away from the well bores, we’re seeing that you have the interference between wells there if you’re not careful. But I would say this, we’re optimistic that we’ll be able to solve those issues, and to be able to contain the frack better vertically and horizontally.  And that’s what it’s going to take to add the multiple pays to the play, multiple pay targets, and also to decrease the spacing size. So we’re working diligently on that, but it’s certainly more challenging than the plays in the Delaware Basin. 
