Mark Papa: Thanks, Tim. Before I summarize, I want to cover a few items on the capital side. We mentioned at our analyst conference that we plan to maintain a low debt-to-cap ratio while still achieving the high level of organic production growth over the next three years that have been laid out for you. We intend to manage the net debt-to-cap ratio to a maximum of 25% by either selling mature North American natural gas properties, generating $1 billion to $1.5 billion of pre-tax proceeds by year end 2010, or by taking in a joint venture partner on a large natural gas shale position. Taking either scenario into account with the current NYMEX strip, we should be in a free cash flow position by 2012. I'll now provide a few macro comments, which are consistent with our April 7 presentation. Regarding oil, we're rationally bullish; both short and long-term. We recently implemented some oil hedges. For September to December 2010, we hedged 2,000 barrels of oil per day at $91.50 and for the full year of 2011, we put in place a hedge position covering 6,000 barrels of oil per day at a price just above $93. We will likely implement additional oil hedges, should the market present further opportunities.  Regarding North American gas, we're short-term moderately bullish and long-term rather bearish. We think last week's EIA-914 downward revision was only about one-third of what we calculate, so we continue to believe the market is tighter than common perception. We'll be watching the storage build this summer to confirm or disprove our thesis. We currently have only a very small 2010 gas hedge position and don't think this is the time to be adding gas hedges. Now, let me summarize. In my opinion, there are three points to take away from this call: First, the individual well data points we provided today give further affirmation that our key horizontal oil plays are performing as or better than expected. Second, although we haven't walked through any individual details today, all of our gas plays are all performing as expected. And finally, our capital plan is consistent with what we articulated in detail on our April 7.  Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Mark Papa: Yes, it's -- our current rig activity there in the Haynesville is about 11 rigs and we've projected our total North American gas close this year is going to be in the range of 1% to 2%. So we're very cognizant of the fact that the gas market has got a whole lot of gas in storage right now and the last thing we need is everybody to be drilling a zillion gas wells in North America. And so what we've done is, we've tempered, significantly, our gas drilling in all those discretionary areas such as in our Rocky Mountain gas drilling area, and we've considerably slowed down in the Barnett Shale where we've got most of our acreage vested. And so that kind of leaves us with three places where we have to drill a certain amount to hold acreage. The biggest of those is the Haynesville and then we've got the Marcellus and, to some degree, the Horn River. At this stage, we're going to stick with our plan of running roughly 11 rigs and generating that 1% to 2% North American gas production growth. I guess if gas were to fall south of $4 and we were to believe that it was just going to stay there permanently, we'd reassess that. But that's not our current view right now, Michael.
Mark Papa: Most of our wells today have targeted the lower Eagle Ford, which is a bit thicker, at least on our acreage than the upper Eagle Ford. But we do recognize that the upper Eagle Ford potentially may be a target, perhaps even a separate target, in terms of things. But you can pretty well mark that the vast the majority of our wells, so far, have been lower Eagle Ford completions.
Mark Papa: Yes, the JV concept -- in the Horn River, as you're aware, we're working this Kitimat on that potential LNG project up there, although we don't have anything definitive to report. And so, the concept of what we do in the Horn River will be a function of how things shake out with this Kitimat LNG project. So that area is likely to move a bit more slowly in terms of a JV. The one that's on a bit faster track is the Marcellus, and we will be looking at an organized approach to screen interested parties to look and see if we can bring someone in there. And so I would say, the Marcellus, by year end, we should have an answer as to: Are we going to do one? And if so, what are the terms? The Horn River will be a function more of what happens to the Kitimat project. And then, the Haynesville, we have no plans at this time to even consider a JV in that particular area.
Mark Papa: Dave, I mean, that's a very hypothetical question. The way we look at it now, we've got two tracks to meet our capital plan. Either track should be able to do it on its own. The one is to sell some of these Canadian shallow gas properties, and get the price that we would hope. But, if the market for gas properties just utterly collapses, then the second thing would be to do the JV in the Marcellus. And by our calculations, either one of those will get us where we need to be in terms of the debt-to-cap ceiling. So at this stage, the question would be: Theoretically, if all of our plans fail, what is going to happen? But I'd say, right now, the best thing to do is to take the process we laid out on the April 7 Analyst Conference in terms of capital plan and the volume growth, and that is currently our best case estimate as to how this thing is going to play out.
Mark Papa: I guess the best way to explain it is: This 25,000 acres that we've got, that, in our Analyst Conference we said, well that's going to be designated for vertical drilling. We always knew that was the best quality acreage, but it's also the most tectonically complex; a lot of thrust faults and so on and so forth. And we had success with the vertical wells and so we said well, because this is complex geology, you can't image in 3D too well there, verticals are the way to go, and they give a pretty healthy return. And then we said, well, before we just commit vast quantities to verticals, let's try horizontal and see what happens. And this horizontal well, the Settle well has turned out much, much better than, frankly, than any horizontal combo well we've drilled so far; and it's kind of startling to us. And so the game plan now is to -- we've got a lot of verticals that we've already drilled that we'll be completing and we'll expect to get the typical results there. On the horizontals, we're just going to see if we can replicate the Settle results. The horizontal wells are going to cost us about $3.5 million a well. The verticals would be, I believe, it's about $2.1 million a well. So you have to get more reserves. But, right now, based on the Settle results, if we can replicate that, there's a pretty fair chance we'll just eliminate the vertical program and go to a horizontal program. But we need to drill three or four more wells to see if the Settle is an outlier or is that a typical well we can expect in this area.
Mark Papa: The way to look at that, Brian; it really does not extend the acres. What it says is, for the 25,000 acres that we laid out at Analyst Conference is -- we gave a reserve estimate there, assuming it's drilled with vertical wells. And if we can really drill that with horizontal wells, and it looks like they would be pretty closely spaced horizontal wells, from what we can tell, then the aggregate reserve estimate for that 25,000 acres will go up and the aggregate rate of return for the investment for that 25,000 acres will be higher also. But it doesn't really extend the likely acreage that we consider good.
Mark Papa: The potential JV is not worked into that number, so that would be something that would be added to, as to whatever these property sales are. And we're looking at -- in Canada, it's about 150 million cubic feet a day of gas. Your typical shallow gas in southwestern Saskatchewan and southern Alberta -- and there's also an amount that has a lot of down spacing potential, we feel, of the coal bed methane kind of gas in an area that we call a Twining area. It's similar to the coal bed methane areas that other companies have been developing out there. So that's our game plan and we'll just see how it turns out. We're in the fortunate position that if we don't get the prices we want, we're not that financially strapped where we absolutely have to sell it to meet the debt covenants or anything like that. So we've got a fair amount of discretion as to how we play this thing.
Mark Papa: Yes, I mean, we haven't done a real thorough analysis ourselves of 2011 or 2012 unit costs on this. But directionally, what we would say is our D&A has turned out a bit higher than we've projected. That's due to some to start-up costs in plays like the Eagle Ford and some of these other plays where we've spent a lot of money on the front end to establish the play, and we don't have that much production yet. So we think that that's not a trend that you can extrapolate into '11 and '12. On the LOE cost though, it's pretty well certain that the cost to operate oil wells are going to be higher than cost to operate gas wells. So, I'm not quite as sanguine that we'll be able to contain that with gas well levels as we become an oil company over the next couple of years.
Mark Papa: No, that's just our gas rigs that are running in the Haynesville. The way to look at our capital budget is, that, of our 2010 CapEx: About 75% of it is devoted to oil or liquids rich gas; 25% is devoted toward what we call dry gas drilling, and of that 25%, the biggest single chunk of that is the Haynesville. But there are also increments in there for the Marcellus and for the Horn River and a much smaller increment in there for the Barnett Johnson County stuff.
Mark Papa: Yes, I would guess the Haynesville might be half of that 25%; maybe 12% and then the remaining 13% chopped up among the other plays articulated there, Leo.
Mark Papa: It's tough call, here. It's a logical question. Is it the [indiscernible]? We do vis a vis the Haynesville, but our read is that: One, it's hard for anybody to predict long-term gas prices, we can take a stab at it, but we're wrong as often as we are right. So, at this point, we are not anxious to forfeit any of that Haynesville acreage and just give it up.
Mark Papa: Nothing that surprises us at all. We've got quite of lot of 2D and there is some vertical control, wo we know where the faulting is. We just want to get a better handle on how to design the actual lateral wells to take advantage of what we already know. So no real surprises there.
Mark Papa: Some of the laterals we've drilled, because we only have 2D seismic now, going at 3D are, what we call, short laterals; 2,000, 2,500 feet. And ideally, with 3D seismic, we can make future wells in the longer laterals and it should have higher reserves per well. And then the concept of what we like to do in any of these plays is pick the sweetest part of a certain zone, for example in the Eagle Ford, there's probably a 20, 30-foot section that we consider the sweetest part of the Eagle Ford. And we want to keep the lateral in there for the whole length and that's pretty hard to do without 3D seismic. So our view is that once we get the 3D seismic shot interpreted, then we can go back and start a pretty intensive drilling program. And, there's a fair chance we're going to end up with better wells than the first 17 just because we've targeted more accurately. So that's why, if you look at that graph we provided on April 7 there, as to the production growth coming out of Eagle Ford, the 2010 production growth coming out of Eagle Ford is really pretty miniscule; 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and we really don't get cranked up until '12 to start showing significant production growth. So we've got that planned into our program, into our three-year volume growth side, and we never expected that we were going to have vast amounts of Eagle Ford production this year.
Mark Papa: We've got some legacy acreage and items like that. But we don't have anything definitive to report right now on anything in the Permian Basin.
Mark Papa: That well we talked about at the conference has been on production for, I would say about three months now. It's got fairly long-term history for us and it's quite stable, so we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. What we need to know is; can we replicate that? And we're in the process of drilling with that Rig that Mark talked about. Additional wells in that zone, as well as the oil zone we mentioned in the conference on April 7, and we hope to have more completions by late summer. And then we have some production history to be able to comment on those. We're targeting end of the year to really make a decision on all that.
Mark Papa: Yes, Irene, you're correct. Most of this area is being staggered with the spacing being in the 400 to 500 foot between laterals. And yes, we'll just comment that these three wells, the net EUR for these wells was 343,000 barrels equivalents per well, that fits our 337,000 we're seeing there for the horizontals on the average.
Mark Papa: Yes. In the entire play – we've got a bar chart in the analyst slides, but it's roughly about a third, a third of a third over the life; NGLs, crude oil and natural gas. In terms of Cook County ratio versus the Montague County, we haven't detected a big difference there from that third, third, third ratio. I'd say we [ph] keep across the whole combo play. That's the best knowledge we have today on that.
Mark Papa: Yes, I guess the real answer is, it's too early to know. Because I'm not sure that we've put our best foot forward yet on learning how to complete those wells. We have some completions that we're going to start, actually, in just a few weeks here, from some wells we've already drilled in that part of the Marcellus play, and we would hope to improve on the results we've had to date. I think it is fair to say that it's probably not going to be as highly pressured there as it is in the deeper parts of the trough in the Marcellus basins. So, we're not expecting five, six Bcf kind of wells. I think, like we said at the conference, we're expecting more like 3.5, maybe 4 Bcf per well.
Mark Papa: The productivity seismic that we have, the geology is a bit more complex in the east of the Eagle Ford and it's a bit more simple as you go west in the Eagle Ford. And kind of offsetting that is, the rock quality in the east appears to be a little bit better than in the west. And so the point is, if we drill, particularly in the east, off of just the 2D seismic – that old 2D seismic -- there's a pretty fair chance that if we try and drill longer laterals, we're just going to cross some sort of a fault. And so, what we're doing is, particularly in the east, is we're just saying; let's just hold off a bit here -- the geology is a little bit more complex there -- until we get 3D seismic, and then we can image these fault blocks properly and decide how best to go. But probably, what's going to happen is, the average lateral length on the play, will be such that the west laterals are longer than east laterals. But in both areas, the laterals will be longer on 3D than they are, than we're capable of doing on 2D.
Mark Papa: We showed you the map over our acreage because that where we're most confident where we have the most control. And I think it really just doesn't help us to give out more data than that, frankly. I mean, obviously, the play does continue to the west for some distance; I think others have us proven that already. The question is quality. We think we've got the better quality end of that play in terms of permeability and porosity, innate in the rock itself, drilled depths, oil content -- we just think that we studied the entire play and took our half million acres in the oil window in and the part of the oil window that we thought had the best rock.
Mark Papa: We mentioned at the Analyst Conference that on the crude oil side, for 2011, I guess in an ideal world, I'd like to exit this year with maybe about a 25% of our crude oil hedged at numbers north of about $93 a barrel. So we're looking at, if a market will allow us, of adding considerable more oil hedges. But we'd still be 75% unhedged, because we are bullish on oil. On the gas, it's really just a function of whether the EIA is right, or whether we're right on how tight the supply and demand are right now. It's our belief that the storage builds are not going to be as strong this summer as some people are predicting. Now that's not withstanding the huge storage build that we're seeing right now in April because of the weather. But, if we see some strengthening in the 2011, 2012 NYMEX for gas, at some point, we will pull the trigger on some hedges for the gas also. I'm not going to give a price point on that, but we don't think it's there on the current strip.
Mark Papa: No, we don't think we intersected any karsted area. The rock quality is just so much better in this particular area that it's not totally shocking that we got this kind of a rate on a well. And so we did measure, along the lateral, the flow rates and – the first thought was; wow, we've intersected some big fracture and all the flow is coming from one piece of the lateral. The flow rate is pretty uniform across that lateral, which is exactly what we had hoped it would be; which tells us that it's not one giant fracture that's contributing, but it's the whole length of it. So that's why we decided to highlight the well, because at least all the technical parameters we can have from one well; it looks like something that we have a reasonable chance of replicating here and it could be pretty significant in terms of rate of return impact on the whole project.
Mark Papa: Yes, actually in this Barnett Combo as well as in Johnson County, in the gas, if you don't fracture stimulate these, you get pretty close to zero in terms of production from them.
Mark Papa: In terms of the plays that we've discussed, whether in [inaudible] or even the Niobara or the combo play, we're not buying much additional acreage. The acreage costs, since our Analyst Conference in all those plays have gone up dramatically, in some cases tenfold, just in a month. And so we're really not adding much there. We have some other plays, potential plays, that we haven't talked about and we're testing it and that's where we're concentrating on adding additional acreage right now. I want to thank everyone for staying with us on this report today and we look forward to talking to you again in three months. Thank you.
