William Thomas: Thanks, Billy. EOG is a resilient company. And while we aren't completely immune to the level of demand disruption caused by the pandemic [Technical Difficulty].
William Thomas: All right. In conclusion, EOG is a resilient company. And while we aren't completely immune to the level of demand destruction caused by the pandemic, we are prepared for it. Our financial structure is very conservative, and our capital-allocation process is hyper-disciplined.  This is an unprecedented downturn. U.S. oil production is in severe decline, and it could take years for domestic production to turn around. We believe that the historic and prolific oil production growth by U.S. shale may have been forever altered. And while the timing and level remains uncertain, we are confident demand will improve. Therefore, current prices are not sustainable. In the inevitable price recovery ahead, there is tremendous opportunity for EOG. With a strong balance sheet in hand, a culture that drives continuous improvement and our commitment to generate strong returns with free cash flow, EOG will be ready to provide much-needed supply when prices show sustainable improvement. We don't believe there's a better company positioned to capture the upside as the oil market recovers. EOG will not only survive this downturn, but emerge as a stronger competitor in the global market. Thank you for joining us this morning. Our thoughts are with you as we navigate this pandemic together. We sincerely hope your family, friends and colleagues are healthy and safe. Operator, that concludes our remarks, so please open up the lines for questions.
William Thomas: Yes. Leo, this is Bill. And I think we're going to be very cautious before we add capital this year. And it's unlikely that we would add any more additional capital until -- we want to get into 2021 and see how demand continues to recover. And so we wouldn't -- I don't think we're going to be adding any capital in the remaining of the year.
William Thomas: Yes. I want to be -- I think we've been pretty clear over the years about M&A. We're not really interested at all in any, certainly, low-return M&A or acquisitions. It's really difficult. It has been historically as everybody knows M&A market. It's very difficult to make a good acquisition and generate a strong return at the same time. And everything we do, as you know, EOG, we're totally focused on returns. And so every dollar we spend, every deal we do has to be competitive on a return basis. And it's very difficult to compete with organic exploration effort. We're adding a lot of very low-cost acreage that we believe contains drilling inventory that will be better accretive to the quality that we have now. So it's very unlikely we'll do certainly a large M&A. We do small bolt-on acquisitions to supplement our exploration efforts just to get low-cost acreage. But large M&As are really not, in our view, competitive. Other than the cost reductions that we're making, obviously, we've spelled out a lot of those here, Billy has, we continue to be very innovative all over the company. We continue to see excellent technical work and a focus on innovation and new ideas. And those are just coming out in multiple areas of the company, completion technology, a lot of great geotechnical work going on in the company. And we haven't taken our eye off of our exploration effort, and I'm going to ask Ezra Yacob to maybe comment on that a little bit.
William Thomas: On the second part of that question, Brian, as we look at the whole industry, there certainly are companies that are doing a good job continuing to lower costs, but we believe there's a really small set of those because it really takes scale. It's probably one of the biggest drivers to be able to continue to lower cost. A lot of the cost reductions are certainly in infrastructure in a very continuous drilling program and completion program, et cetera, et cetera. I think really -- so I think a few companies, as I kind of commented in the opening remarks, we believe there will be less companies after this downturn than there were before. We think they'll be more disciplined. Certainly, there'll be more -- there'll be less capital employed in the shale business. But we believe, as we said, that EOG is going to emerge as a leader. And most of our cost reduction, nearly all of our cost reduction, is driven internally through the technical innovation in the company and the efficiencies. We just -- there's a lot of data in our IRR chart that shows the amount of stages per day. Certainly, the feet per day on drilling, et cetera, et cetera, as well as -- I want to note, maybe there's a slide in the Powder River Basin, on our recent completions in the Mowry, in the Niobrara, where our completion technology is certainly making a huge difference in the well productivity. So most of the improvements in EOG are driven from our internal culture and our innovation and our just desire to always continue to get better. We have a very sustainable model and culture, and we do not see any end in sight in EOG getting better.
William Thomas: Yes, Paul. This is Bill. Every situation -- I've been with the company over 40 years, and I've been through a number of these downturns. This is certainly the most unique one that we've ever experienced. What it is really -- what we've really seen inside the company is the tremendous value that our information systems and technology has allowed EOG to make a very granular evaluation of everything we do. Every well in the company, we know about it. We have all the data. And through our decentralized organization, we've been able to analyze down to a very granular level everything we're doing. And so we've learned how important it is to have a great information systems and technology and how effective our employees have been to perform -- and most of them are working from their homes, like everybody else in the world. So that's been a great experience for us on a learning curve. And we see areas in that we can continue to improve and get better in. I think on the technical side of it, we just do not see any end in the advancements coming from the company because, as you all know, EOG, all the ideas all the creativity, all the improvements in the company are from every -- really, every person in the company. It's not from the top down, it's really from the bottom up. And everybody is engaged. And the communications have been really good. We're using Microsoft Teams to have big meetings, divisional meetings and department meetings and meetings between different groups in the company, and that's working out really well. And so it's been a learning experience, but I think we're fortunate to have a lot of that in place, but it's -- we can see some areas in that process that we can continue to improve in.
William Thomas: I think the fundamentals of the company, return-driven, certainly committed to generating strong free cash flow, maintaining the balance sheet, a strong balance sheet, spending within our means and then focus on returns--we are so focused on returns--those things are not going to change. Those are the fundamentals that drive our business. I think the changes that you see in EOG are just the organic changes that are happening every day as we continue to just gather data and analyze it and apply it.  And I think those are the things that make EOG who we are. So I don't see those things changing. We're focused on totally getting better literally every day. And we believe the opportunity in front of us, because we believe this unique downturn has been so severe, we believe our opportunities will be greater in the future than they've been in the past.
William Thomas: When we look at when we're going to bring wells to shut-in or new wells on, we're really just looking at the strip. And we obviously stay very engaged really daily, weekly basis on the world events and the macro view of oil. And so when that becomes more positive and we get more firm that that's sustainable recovery, that's when we'll begin opening things up. We don't have an exact number on the margin. We're just looking for the trends. And then certainly, we're not, as Billy has talked about what we've done, we're not interested in selling our oil at the lowest part of the market. When there's a steep contango in the prices, there's no use selling it now when we can get double in a few months. So that's really -- that's all we're doing on that in that area.
William Thomas: Well, certainly, we're not limited by inventory. That -- we have a tremendous inventory. Like we said, we've got 4,500 locations already identified that will do a 30% rate of return at $30, and I'm sure that will grow over time. So that's not the issue at all. Really, our investment pace every year is set on a very conservative price deck in our view of the macro. And the limitations on that are we want to generate free cash flow. We want to spend within our means and generate free cash flow and maintain an impeccable balance sheet, and also, obviously, generate very, very high rates of return. So those are the things that guide us. And so in this particular instance, we're just looking for a bit of better view of the future and what the recovery is going to look like, not only in the price but what's U.S. shale going to look like and then where is our spot in there. We think we'll continue to be the leader in returns and continue to be the company that continue to add very, very significant value.
William Thomas: Jeanine, I don't -- no, we don't have a number. We can certainly calculate that, but it's more just common sense. We just don't like giving our oil away. We want to make money. We're focused on returns, and we believe just waiting a few months or a quarter that we could get twice as much for oil than we are today. And so it's really just a common sense approach and a return focus and our view on a market that's improving.
William Thomas: Yes, Jeanine, we certainly have a lot of flexibility to continue to cut capital. I'm going to ask Billy to comment a bit on that.
William Thomas: And I would just -- this is Bill. Just one more comment on that. I think we have multiple years and years of experience of shutting in wells for different lengths of time. And we've got a chart in the IR deck that shows, on these shale wells, there's absolutely no damage when you shut them in and bring them back on for -- whether it's two weeks or two months, we feel very confident about that. So we just view shutting-in as just well-cost storage. That's the lowest-cost storage that we can come up with. And it's a great way to manage your business, especially in a price environment like we're in.
William Thomas: Yes, Doug. I think, looking into the future, as we said, we believe there's going to be a structural change in U.S. shale. There's going to be less players. I think, certainly, the industry is becoming more disciplined, and it will be even hyper-disciplined coming out of this downturn. So we believe there's going to be significant less capital invested in growth in the U.S.. And so -- and certainly, there will be substantially less growth. We have a hard time seeing that the U.S. production will be able to, certainly, in the next several years, get back up to the levels we've been just a few months ago. So in that lies a tremendous opportunities for the companies that survive, and it's an enormous opportunity for EOG. If you look back on our last 3 years, we've generated an industry-leading return on capital employed of 14%. We generated $5.6 billion of free cash flow, and we returned $3.3 billion back in shareholder-friendly ways with substantial dividend growth and debt reduction. And over that last 3-year period, we've increased our proven reserves by 55%. And we've accomplished this all with an average WTI oil price, WTI oil price of $58. So fundamentally, we're not going to change. We're -- as we've been talking about, we're return-driven and believe in a strong balance sheet. And we believe we're improving at a rate much faster than we have in the past and that we're going to emerge a much better company in the next recovery. So we're going to continue to stick with our fundamentals, evaluate the market conditions and continue to create value.
William Thomas: Well, I mean, let me make one correction there right off the bat. We've invested about 80% of our cash flow, which is about a really good level. We've been very committed to generating substantial amount of free cash flow. We paid off all that debt, increased our dividend, end of the year last year with $2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So we haven't been spending all our cash. We've been very disciplined in generating tremendous value with that. As we go ahead and we look to the future, again, we think it's going to be different. So we'll certainly -- we'll be continuing to evaluate that and continue to stick with our fundamentals and see what's the best way for EOG to continue to generate significant value.
William Thomas: Thank you. In closing, I just want to say, we've never been so proud of the employees of EOG. The way you have responded to this historic COVID-19 crisis has been outstanding and heroic. During every downturn in my over 40 years with EOG, the company responds with record-breaking improvements. Sooner or later, this crisis will be over and oil will recover. We believe EOG will emerge with the ability to be a stronger and a higher-return company than ever before. Thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Good morning, Brian. The way I would look at that, we're still -- I would still like to emphasize that our annual decline rate that we've provided in previous guidance of 32% is still accurate and true. The shape of that on a quarter-to-quarter basis depends a lot on the nature and the timing of when you bring on wells prior to that. So it can be a little bit -- it can fluctuate quite a bit. It can be a little bit lumpy as you might think of it. It's strictly depending on the timing of bringing on wells in a quarter or two prior to that. So naturally, it's a little steeper at the first part of the life of a well and then flattens out later in the life. So that's kind of what you're seeing in the second quarter. I wouldn't take the decline you're calculating there. That 19% is an indication of a change in our quarterly or annual decline that we've given you in the past.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Brian. So just to be clear, our $3.4 billion maintenance capital we talked about is to maintain the 420,000 barrels a day we plan to exit the fourth quarter at. And to give you a little more color on how we calculate that, that does not anticipate the cost savings that we've talked about here today. We are -- our capital programs are based on the kind of a backward-looking actual well costs that we've been able to attain to date and doesn't bake in costs, anticipated cost savings on a go-forward basis. So in light of that, I think there's -- we always think about that as potential upside to achieve better results. So our capital plan this year and our capital plan or the maintenance cost that we've quoted here, the $3.4 billion, doesn't bake into the 8% cost savings that we're talking about in this call. In addition to that, I think it's important to know that the $3.4 billion, just to go back to that, it's maintained the 420,000 barrels a day that we're exiting the year-end.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Charles, so that's a good question. I'm glad you asked it. It's -- the 20,000 barrels a day that we referenced that would likely still be shut in, in the fourth quarter, is simply wells that have some form of expense that's required to bring them back on production. For instance, you have a lot of reasons why production goes down. These are wells that might have to replace gas lift valve in downhole or maybe a hole in the tubing or things that require some expense work-over to bring back to production. And we just haven't made the decision yet to expend the capital or the expense dollars to bring those wells back to production until we see the margins improve to a point where we would do that. So for the sake of the plan, we just assume those wouldn't be brought back on until next year.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Charles, this is Billy, again. So the way I would think about that is 2 things. I guess, we started -- as the downturn started to happen, we were in the process, of course, of completing several wells. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we dropped our frac fleet count quite considerably there at the start of the year. But we still had wells that were in the process of being completed or just being completed. We elected to not bring those on production at a time when prices were falling so steeply. And likewise, as we continue to cut our frac count down, I think we're running about 5 today, then, those wells, as they're finishing up to completions, we're not bringing those wells on either. So it's just built up, I'd say, an inventory of wells that are in that category that we're waiting on the right timing as to when we view the market fundamentals improving and being constructive going forward to bring those wells on production.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Paul. So the way we go about analyzing our business to shut-in wells is at a very granular level. All of our areas are operating in the same manner. We have the tools, as Bill described, the information technology to gather the information, analyze it and push that decision down to the lowest level in our organization to understand the profit margins on every well throughout the company. So with that information, we can make decisions on when and where best to shut-in wells to maximize our cash flow at any given time. So the shut-ins occur on economics based on that way. We also analyze things from a market perspective in the same manner. We have the same information to understand the markets we can take the products to, how to maximize our netbacks for every product on a well level. And so we can do the same kind of analysis from a marketing perspective. And simply part of that decision is making a larger rate-of-return decision that helps us think about, is it better to produce most of that volume into a more volatile and lower-priced environment or based on a macro outlook for the product? Is it best to wait a month or two or potentially longer to bring that production back on? And so I'd say most of the production falls into that realm. And it's made pretty much on every basin across the company in every area. So that's how we analyze it. It's a very granular look across the company. It takes a lot of effort. All of our -- it goes back to the culture of the company, though. And we have so many engaged employees that are really committed to the company and making sure we all do the best thing we can to continue to make the company better. So we couldn't be more proud of the people that we have to make it all work.
Lloyd Helms: Yes, Jeanine. So we cut back to the level we did to basically be able to do the things Bill talked about, make sure we generate a rate of return and generate free cash flow and while we see the commodity price outlook today. If that changes and we feel like that we need to cut more, certainly, we have that flexibility to do so and would continue to push that lever down throughout the end of the year, depending on the outlook. So we could still try to manage within cash flow, even with prices stay lower for longer.
Lloyd Helms: Yes. Arun, thanks for the question. Yes, I think, as we talked before, one of the unique things that we built the company around is our ability to gather data and analyze it very quickly and have that information basically in the hands of every employee in the company, including at the field level. So the actual execution of being able to shut-in and bring back the wells on is fairly painless. It's very simple exercise by communicating that data down to the people out there in the field to be able to make those actions happen. So that effort is very easy to do.  As far as any risk of shut-ins, there's really not any risk in our part. I think the cost of shutting in the wells is very minimal, if not 0. The cost of bringing the wells back on is kind of the same thing. And we could actually have all the wells back on production in just a matter of days because, you have to remember, we are a decentralized organization. We have these assets across the country, we have people managing those assets that are very capable and committed to making sure that we do the best things we can, as quick as we can, safely. So the effort is very easy to attain with the culture of the company that we have and the operations we have set up.
Lloyd Helms: It's in keeping with how we would run our business. So it's -- the way I would think about it is maybe a little more high-graded than it was in the $4.1 billion capital plan that we announced some time ago that people might remember. In that previous maintenance capital plan, it was pretty much designed to keep each division kind of operating flat. This one is truly -- we're going to go to the wells that have the highest return at today's prices. And so it is a little bit more high graded you might think of. It's still spread across multiple basins, though. So I wouldn't jump to the conclusion as just one area. It's still spread across multiple areas. And it includes the infrastructure and facility costs and ESG spending and those kind of things that we typically would include in a normal budget, just maybe at a little bit lesser scale.
