Mark G. Papa: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing second quarter 2013 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's latest reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. With me this morning are Bill Thomas, President and CEO; Gary Thomas, COO; W. Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production; Tim Driggers, Vice President and CFO; and Maire Baldwin, Vice President, Investor Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening, and we included third quarter and full-year guidance in yesterday’s press release. This morning we’ll discuss topics in the following order. I’ll first discuss second quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, then Bill Thomas will review operational results. Tim Driggers will then discuss financials and capital structure. Finally, I’ll cover our macro view, hedge position, and concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the second quarter 2013, EOG reported net income of $659.7 million, or $2.42 per share. For investors who focus on non-GAAP net income, to eliminate mark-to-market impacts and certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release, EOG’s second quarter 2013 adjusted net income was $573.8 million, or $2.10 per share. For investors who follow the practice of industry analysts who focus on non-GAAP discretionary cash flow, EOG’s DCF for the second quarter was $1.9 billion. Similar to the first quarter, EOG continue to hit on all cylinders in the second quarter. Our oil volumes considerably exceeded guidance, our unit cost beat guidance and EOG’s realized domestic oil prices were at a significant premium to WTI. As a result of our exceptional performance in the first half of the year, we’ve raised our full-year oil growth estimate from 28% to 35%, reflecting total organic growth of 55,000 barrels of oil per-day year-over-year. We’ve increased our NGL growth estimate from 10% to 14% and we’ve increased our total company overall growth target from 4% to 7.5%. The oil growth target increase is emanating primarily from the Eagle Ford, with contributions from the Bakken and Delaware Basin. The impact of our domestic onshore oil portfolio in the high rate of return Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard is showing up in the bottom line as demonstrated by our first and second quarter EPS results, which will show up as a stronger full-year ROEs and ROCs. On the previous earnings call, we outlined our five-year plan where we expect to continue to achieve the highest and most profitable oil growth rate of any large cap independent, through 2017 and this quarter’s results or another building block in that plan. I’ll now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss specific operational results. Before I do, I want to congratulate Bill on this new role as CEO. He has been with the Company for over 34 years and knows the assets inside and out. This makes him well qualified to deliver on a five-year plan and guide the Company for many years beyond that.
Mark G. Papa: Thanks Tim. Now I’ll provide some views regarding the macro environment, hedging, crude by rail and the concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we’re hesitant to provide any short range WTI price predictions considering the volatility we’ve seen over the past months. We note that recent monthly EIA data is consistent with our expectation that 2013 year-over-year domestic oil growth will be less than 2012. We expect EOG’s oil growth performance will be atypical of the industry as other companies with poor quality acreage or plays struggle to grow at rates similar to EOG. We believe the U.S. oil production will continue to grow in future years but at slower rates than 2012 and this is bullish that the global supply and demand picture. Additionally we’re not sanguine regarding any large international shale oil plays affecting global supply within at least the next several years. Overall we continue to be bullish regarding oil fundamentals and prices. For the remainder of 2013 we’re approximately 53% hedged at $98.82 and we have approximately 98,000 barrels per day hedged for the first half of 2014 at $96.48. Because the NYMEX is severely backward dated we currently have only a very small hedge for the second half of 2014. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. Regarding North American gas prices we consider 2013 to be another and long string of disciplinary years and we expect gas supply to continue to trump demand causing continued weakness over the next several years. Our gas hedge position is unchanged from last quarter. We also expect NGL prices especially ethane to remain weak throughout 2014. Our crude by rail again was a very profitable piece of business for us in the second quarter and our average U.S. well head price was $9.50 over WTI. We expect the premium over the index to decrease in the second half of the year due to the number of new pipelines to the Gulf Coast Louisiana markets but we see sustained high oil prices. Our third quarter projected average U.S. oil price is $2.75 above WTI. The offset is WTI prices have increased over the course of the year particularly in recent weeks. The net effect is EOG is still receiving a premium to hire overall U.S. oil prices. To provide some understanding of our oil net backs I’ll briefly describe our current crude marketing in our three major areas. In the Eagle Ford majority of the oil is piped to Houston where it currently receives LOS index prices. In the Bakken essentially all of our oil is being railed to St. James, Louisiana and in the Permian part of our oil is being railed to St. James and partly sold locally. We have the flexibility to sell any of our rail volumes at Cushing instead of St. James if differentials dictate that is more profitable. I’ll now briefly address our 2013 business plan which is consistent with what we outlined on the February and May calls except for the 2013 volume growth increases. As Tim mentioned, we still expect CapEx excluding acquisitions to be between $7.0 billion and $7.2 billion and proceeds from dispositions to date are $580 million. Effective this quarter on a unit cost basis we reduced our full-year LOE and DD&A estimates. We still don’t plan to drill any dry gas wells this year and we continued to have zero interest in growing gas volumes in a current price environment. Now let me conclude, there are three important takeaways from this call. First, EOG’s first and second quarter results are the result of having the best acreage in the premier, domestic shale oil plays and the best in-house completion technology. Simply put our average 2013 Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard well is performing better than predicted. This is particularly true of our Western Eagle Ford wells. Our current acreage will position us as an industry oil growth leader for many years to come. Second, the vast majority of our CapEx this year is going into three plays currently yielding greater than 100% direct after-tax reinvestment rate of return; the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard. Each of these has 10 plus years of additional drilling inventory. EOG has a track record of execution. Our seven-year compound annual oil growth rate is 38%.  This high return domestic onshore oil growth we're achieving isn't just for growth sake. What's significant is that EOG's production growth is showing up in the bottom line with first half non-GAAP net income up 69% year-over-year driving increasing ROEs and ROCEs. Finally, as is evident by our results, EOG is firing on all cylinders; volumes, unit cost, price realizations, returns and net debt reduction. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, Leo, I'll let Bill answer that but I think the number is 400 boe is the last update we've given on that, so that's the number that we're sticking with at this point. But let me have Bill address that.
Mark G. Papa: No, I'd say that our remaining inventory in the Eagle Ford is pretty analogous to what we've drilled so far this year. As far as the sand supply issue, that's definitely not a problem. We have our in-house sand mine, so the sand supply issue is really off the table. There's not a question at all there. I know there have been some questions about our theory that some people have had about us is as we moved West in the Eagle Ford, the quality of our inventory was alleged to deteriorate but I think the one thing that results of this earnings call should dispel is the fact that our inventory in the West is pretty darn strong and we've always had a mix of East to West. We've never preferentially drilled in one area per se. So I think the concern people should have as we drill in later years in Eagle Ford that the rate of change in the Eagle Ford is going to somehow decline, that's just not true and that's why we've been talking so much about this five-year plan of why we are so confident that our oil growth during that period is going to be superior to all other large cap E&Ps because we have the engines of growth with Eagle Ford, the Bakken and the stuff we had in the Permian. And when you think about it, we've got a seven-year run with 38% compound annual oil growth which I'm pretty sure is much stronger than any other company certainly in our peer group and we're telling you the next five years is going to be much stronger than the peer group. And certainly if you look at our first and second quarter results, that's just certainly underpinning that confidence. So we feel very, very good by this and the second quarter data should dispel any notions anyone should have about the range of change in the Eagle Ford being a concern.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, Doug. Yeah, we are continuing to test down spacing in both the Eastern portions of our Eagle Ford acreage and the Western portions of that. And we're going to continue to push that, but we’ve always had is to maximize the net present value of the asset and we really approach that from on a per acre basis. So, as we drive the oil cost down and we push the wells closer together on a spacing pattern, the goal is to maximize the net present value there. And we’re not sure if we reach those limits or not. We’ve been able to improve the net present value over time considerably with both cost reduction and well improvements and certainly that corresponds into additional reserve recovery which we increased several times. So, the process continues in all areas. The completion technology continues to advance and we’re not letting up on that and the cost reductions continues to advance, the increase in the recovery factor that continues to advance and all of that is focused on the net present value of the asset. So everything is moving ahead.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, what we can say is that because relating to our crude there really isn’t a pipeline option. I mean, the only pipeline is up there is the Enbridge pipeline and we’ve very limited access to the Enbridge pipeline, and so our pragmatic options up there would be trucking the crude versus railing the crude and it’s a slam-dunk there. So for us, railing the crude is the only way to go, so then it just boils down to the – do you bring the crude to Cushing or do you bring it to St. James and so far for us with a differentials were they sit today, its still preferential for us to take at the St. James versus Cushing and – but we have that option if and when the advantage would flip the other way to take it the Cushing or one of the few companies who do – would have a rail option of either place if and when that became advantageous. Next question.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, in the Bakken we feel we have a completion advantage there and we're happy to disclose that we're using more pounds of (indiscernible) than we have in the past and that we are drilling longer laterals. But as far as giving any more specifics other than that, we feel we'd be giving away some proprietary secrets and so I'm afraid, Barry, we're just going to have to leave it at that. And the same for the Eagle Ford; we have gone to some bigger fracs in the Eagle Ford than we have in the past but again, we feel we clearly have a proprietary advantage in our frac technology in the Eagle Ford also and we just assume to keep it proprietary. Thank you.
Mark G. Papa: Yeah, I'd just close with two remarks, just again to summarize I think two points you want to take away from the call. First point is, again the Western Eagle Ford is an area that we're particularly proud of with the results. And the second point is for the first time we can highlight three key oil plays on a direct after-tax rate of return basis. In each of these plays, we're achieving 100% or greater rate of return; Eagle Ford, Bakken and Leonard. So thanks for listening and we'll talk again in three months from now.
William R. Thomas: No, you're right. I mean that's what we have talked about extensively here is that our Western Eagle Ford results are just like in all of our plays. I mean they are coming up really, really nicely. The main driver for that of course is the completion technology and the cost reduction too goes along with that, but the most important factor in improving the wells is the use of EOG sand. That has been a major factor in improving our wells. And so it also helps us to drive down the well cost and we're certainly watching the per well EURs and the Eagle Ford as we go along here. The thing that we're not going to do is we're not going to rush to change the EURs on a per well basis really until we complete the down spacing program in the Eagle Ford. And we're still actively down spacing both in the East and the West side of the Eagle Ford. And so while we continue to push wells closer together, we want to be careful about that per well EUR and we want to make sure we have enough time to evaluate the long-term effects of the wells on those tight spacing patterns. So, we're going to hold firm with that 400 in boe per well for now.
William R. Thomas: Yes, Pearce, that is. That's a common thing that we completed a few wells in other areas in the Core and Antelope and we've seen excellent results from the new completion techniques in all of our areas. So it would apply across the board. Of course, everybody realizes our Core acreage and our Antelope acreage is the high quality acreage, so the EURs and the other areas might not be as good but certainly the completion techniques are very effective in all of the Bakken.
William R. Thomas: Yes, Irene, we’ve a slide on that with a pie chart. I believe that is slide 31. And our latest estimate here is that on the typical Wolfcamp well its 34% oil, 34% gas and 33% NGL and we found that the percent oil is a little variable depending on what zone you’re drilling in the Wolfcamp, and so we’re testing multiple zones there. Of course, there is an enormous amount of resource in place there, our Reeves County we’ve been fortunate to be able to lease-up a very strong sweep spot in the Delaware Basin with Wolfcamp where the shale thickness is very thick and also the quality of the shale is very hot. So, we’ll get a better handle I think, we’re going to drill 10 wells this year approximately and we’ll be trying multiple zones there and I think that some time later in the year, I mean by next year we’ll have a little bit better idea kind of what the balance will be on the content of everything. But right now we feel like this 34% oil is probably going to be pretty close to what its going to be.
William R. Thomas: Yeah Amir, that’s a good question. We are going to have a lot of cash and certainly the priority is we set out and we’ve given these guidelines as we continue to work on the dividend. We’ve had a nice 14 year increases in dividends and so we want to continue that and reward the shareholders in that way. We also want to focus some of the money, the second priority would be to continuing to reduce the debt of the Company, not to the extremely low levels, but a bit lower than where we’re right now. And then number three, we’ll have additional cash each year to invest in our best place. And certainly the highest rate of return plays will be the priority there and the places where we can invest to grow oil prices – oil production most aggressively and those will not be much different than they’re this year. That will be certainly the focus number one will be the Eagle Ford and the Bakken and as we – as over time, we’ll be focusing more capital into the Leonard. It’s turning into the very high rate of return play for us and very oily also. So, each of those plays have more 10 years of inventory in their extremely high quality plays and that’s what gives us the confidence that we can continue to be the peer leader in oil growth through 2017 and beyond.
William R. Thomas: Yeah, Arun. The stratigraphy of the Eagle Ford is pretty consistent from east to west. There’s not a lot of individual zones developing and coming and going as you kind of go across the play. Some of the changes are I think in the eastern part of the acreage, there’s more faulting and so there is more open fracture systems available and that’s why you see sometimes you see very high IPs from the wells in the east. On the west side there is less faulting, and less open fracture systems and so it takes a little bit of a different completion technique which we obviously – we’re making very good progress with that and maybe the IPs may not ever approach the wells on the east but certainly the results in the west are very, very good. We have been able to develop techniques to increase the amount of rock that reconnect to the wells. One of it is, we drilled longer laterals in the west and we used a different kind of completion style and all that’s designed to connect up to the more of the matrix of the rock and so we’re certainly getting really good results in both areas and both areas as Mark has said we have an enormous amount of locations in both sides and so the quality of our program is certainly not going to deteriorate over time. It's very, very, very strong.
William R. Thomas: Again, Marshall, it's a question – we've not updated our acreage position in Antelope or the Core but you're right, we have 90,000 acres in the Core and this is an estimation that I think is approximately about 20,000 acres in the Antelope area.
William R. Thomas: Yeah, Ray, in the Delaware – are you talking about the Delaware Wolfcamp? I guess so. Yeah, in the Delaware Wolfcamp, Ray, we've tested three zones this year, call them the upper, middle and lower zone there and we've had really good results in each one of them. As I said before there's a little bit of different mix in each zone, on the product mix whether it's oil or gas but the rock quality and the response of the wells on each one of those have been very, very, very strong. So, we feel that we've been very fortunate to lease up a really nice large position of the sweet spot there.
William R. Thomas: The Burrows did have a longer lateral. It's about 7,500 foot lateral. The other two are quite a bit shorter. But as far as us reporting cumulative, it's relative to other wells. It's not proportionally any larger at all, performing about the same, just longer lateral.
