Mark G. Papa: Yes, I'm not going to commit to a number in terms of what's the highest percent we could think about. But it's probably in that range of 10% to 12%, really in terms of what we see today with today's technology. The next 2 more steps here, we need to determine is the 65 to 90 acre spacing, is that the most dense we can drill, or is it -- should we be even looking at more dense? And the other possibility here is secondary recovery. And we mentioned on the call that we'll be initiating a pilot project in the Bakken to get more oil out of the ground using water injection. In the Eagle Ford, we probably would not try water injection, but we have some other things in mind there. So it's quite likely that within the next 12 to 18 months, we'll have a pilot project going in the Eagle Ford of a secondary recovery nature that we hope would be successful. But we just have to play it out. With 28 billion barrels of oil net in place under our acreage, this is clearly an improvement. Recovery factors is clearly the single most important thing we can be doing here in EOG, and we're giving it appropriate focus.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Brian. Three different drivers on the Q1 volumes. We've always said on these resource plays, you can't just take a straight line quarter to quarter to quarter to quarter and assume that our production growth is going to be that way. The biggest single component of the lumpiness in our production growth is what we call pattern drilling and frac-ing. If you notice in those Henkhaus wells, for example, in Eagle Ford that we mentioned to you on the press release there, typically, what we do there is we drill 4 or 5 of those wells. We don't frac any of them individually, and then we wait till we get all the wells drilled, then we line them up and frac them 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, without producing any of them. And then when they're all frac-ed, we turn them all on at one time. So you get a big burst of production, but it's just a function of how many wells have you drilled in the pattern, what's your frac schedule and everything. And in the first quarter, we've got really, I'd say, an abnormal amount of wells that we're going to be patterned, drilling and frac-ing. So that's affecting it. We've also got some downtime in some gas processing plants that we're anticipating that's going to hurt some of our NGL production and oil production from some of our combo areas. And then, the last thing is a little bit of property dispositions that, as we mentioned, because the gas market is so weak, the majority of our $1.2 billion worth of property dispositions this year are going to have some liquid component with them. And so we're trying to get those scheduled timing. So you can't expect that the first quarter and potentially, the second quarter are not going to have strong year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter growth numbers -- excuse me, the year-over-year is going to be very strong in the first quarter. I believe it's a number like 40%, 40-plus percent. But we just caution you, don't just take a straight line on our quarter-to-quarter growth in 2011 and just extrapolate that in 2012.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We think we've seen enough to feel pretty comfortable on the down spacing in terms of evaluation. To be honest with you, on many of the down spacing patterns, we found out that the down space wells are better and stronger than the original widely-spaced wells. And of course, if we were to have an interference, it would just the opposite of that. And what we're seeing is the effects of 2 things: One, the original spacing that we had was just too wide to drain the areas. And the second thing is, is that those old wells may have been, say, a year, 2 years old. Now we're coming in between them and drilling. And our completion techniques have improved considerably during that time frame. So the data from the down spacing, once we interpret it, I would classify it as a slam dunk that 130 acres spacing was too wide. So the data, when you analyze it, is pretty unambiguous, really. And that's why, I think, a lot of people were expecting that sometime, perhaps later in 2012, we'd be announcing down spacing conclusions. But the data is just -- it's pretty crystal clear.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Actually, Leo, to be honest with you, the previous numbers that we had, had for liquids growth expectations, 2012, were 30% oil, and, I believe, the number was 16% NGLs, and now we've jumped the NGLs to 30%. Those previous numbers were about 18 months, maybe 24 months old. You'll remember when we had an analyst conference a couple -- several years ago, we gave a 3-year forecast for '10, '11 and '12, and we really never moved those '12 numbers. So the 30% NGL number currently is, frankly, just simply updating a number that was stale even 12 months ago. So it's not that we're seeing a huge influx of increased NGL mix or anything like that. It's really, we're just updating a stale number.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. We've got 3 goals, and we highlight that on one of the pages in our outlook [ph] that the -- kind of our goals for this year. The first goal is to find some new greenfield North American horizontal liquids plays, and we're working feverishly on that. Second goal was to improve recovery factors in some of our larger plays that we've already exposed. And today, you saw the results from the Eagle Ford on that, and we mentioned that in the Bakken, we're looking at 2 things there. One is down spacing, and then the second is secondary recovery. And then the third over-arching goal for this year is to find a large horizontal oil accumulation outside North America. And you heard us mention this Vaca Muerta shale that we'll give you more details on as the year progresses. So on all 3 of those goals, those are still our targets our for this year. And clearly, we've nailed goal #2 and goals #1 and 3 hopefully will have good results by the end of the year.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Brian. The best way to explain that is, is that we've found that there are certain portions of this reservoir that are more prolific than other portions of the reservoir. The average well of 450 Mboe we quoted there is a mix. The kind of wells we quoted in our press release are more like 800 to maybe up to 1 million barrels of oil reserves per well. And we know that we have a tranche of those wells, quite a few of those, in that mix of 3,200 yet to drill. And if we wanted to, we could target and drill that tranche over the next couple years and really shoot up [indiscernible]. But to be fair and objective, it's not so much that they're super long laterals, it's that they're located in a portion of the reservoir that we believe is definitely more prolific than in some other parts of the reservoir. So we'll say, you can expect we'll continue to be able to report wells of that similar type as we go throughout 2012, but we'd kind of point you more to the average well and say, the average well is quite strong and gives you 80% return. So hopefully, that gives you an explanation.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Well, we kind of -- I don't have the numbers. We quoted you numbers a bit over 3,000 barrels a day of liquids on an annualized basis is what our total liquids would have gone. And maybe that's 2/3 oil, 1/3 gas but -- or NGLs, but I can't quote you an exact number on that, Arun.
Mark G. Papa: No, not really. What I'd say is that, as I mentioned on one of the previous questions, the increase we showed in NGL growth from, I believe, it was 16% previously, up to 30% in the update, is really that the old NGL number was probably about a 2-year-old stale number that we just never bothered to change. And now we've updated it. So it's -- we haven't really seen a mix change during '11 that says we're becoming more NGL mix versus oil. It was really just updating a stale NGL number.
Mark G. Papa: Well, yes, in terms of your first part of your question there, Joe, the sales that we've done to date and that we have in progress, which are roughly $400 million, those were predominantly gas. Just a tiny bit of liquids and oil with those. But the remaining sales of roughly $800 million, we have yet to do, we just anticipate that were we to offer just dry gas properties out there in the market that they wouldn't fetch much of a price. And so that's one change we've had to make over the last 6 months. For this year is, originally, we intended that most of our sales in 2012 would be just dry gas. But due to the collapse of gas prices, we've had to change that. And I'd say out of the 800 million remaining, those are going to have -- essentially, all of those are going to have a liquid component. Some of them are just going to be flat oil areas, and we are looking at selling some outside operated stuff in the Bakken, and some of them are going to be gas with rich liquids component in there. In terms of our gas production, base decline and things like that, I'd probably not -- don't want to offer up a specific number for you on that. The only thing I would offer up is that one of the things that I've noted on previous earnings calls is that it's been disturbing to me to see most of the independent group has strongly grown their North American gas volumes over the last 3 years, and have been, in my mind, active contributors to this gas bubble, whereas EOG has done just the anti-thesis of that. As I mentioned earlier, this will be the fourth straight year where our North American gas volumes have declined, which we believe is a rational economic response to these chronic low gas prices.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I'm not either. It may have some other name out there in the Permian Basin, but it's fair to say that's not one of our stealth plays. We don't even -- we haven't even heard of it hardly.
Mark G. Papa: Well, we've reduced the spacing assumption from the previous 130 acres to a mix of between 65 and 90 acres, depending on the different geologic areas of the play. Is that...
Mark G. Papa: Well, the 3,200 incremental wells are what we call sticks on a map and, I guess, the best way to describe those 3,200 wells yet to drill is that we have a map of the Eagle Ford play, and it's got all the subsurface geology with the faults, et cetera, on it. And it's also got all the lease boundaries that we have. And then, our people have laid out actual specific locations for 3,200 wells on that map that will conform to the lease boundaries, conform to the subsurface geology and so on. So, I guess, one way to describe the 3,200 wells is that we already have those 3,200 wells defined as to exactly where we would intend to drill them. Hopefully, that's helpful to you.
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, Brian. The Wolfcamp is really a combo-type play. The GURs will gradually go up over time. So the early rates on the oil are a bit higher than they will be later in the life in the well. So, yes, we feel those mixes that we've given are accurate. And then on the -- we are working -- primarily, most of our drilling, nearly all of our drilling so far has been in the middle zone. And we're having really good results in the middle zone in -- really in every acreage block that we test, we tested the middle zone as being really good. We do have the one well that we have in the press release. It's The University 9 #2803 in Reagan County, and we IP-ed that well at 883 barrels of oil a day, and that was a full lateral upper zone test, and that well looks very good to us and is very encouraging. Other than that, we have very limited test in the lower zone and the upper zone. So we have plans to do additional testing this year in those zones, and we'll see how that goes. But we're really optimistic. The middle looks very consistent. And so, we're working on our development patterns out there, trying to establish what's the proper spacing. And we're also -- we've implemented our self-sourced sand and new completion techniques. And so the play is going really well. One of the great things about the play is that we've significantly reduced the well cost over the last few quarters with the implementation of our sand, and our drilling efficiencies have gone up. We recently drilled a well from spud to TD in 4.9 days. And so, our operational people in West Texas are doing an excellent job on reducing cost as well as developing a play properly. So we're very encouraged about the play.
Gary L. Thomas: We're still trying to retain acreage there. So we'll probably run somewhere around 4 in the Lite and 3 in the down spacing.
Gary L. Thomas: Joe, in the Permian and the Wolfcamp, our average lateral length is about 7,600 feet. And we're typically -- we're experimenting on the number of stages, but they could be anywhere from 20- to 30-plus stages per well. What was the name of that play you...
Gary L. Thomas: We've got so much of our services kind of committed on the long-term. Of course, that's in our guidance and in our projections. We've got 42 rigs under long-term contract out of our 75, and we've got 11 of our frac fleets under long-term out of 20. We are seeing quite a lot of services more available with the slowdown in the true gas plays, most especially in the Permian Basin. We're starting to see some of that in Eagle Ford. So we don't see much increase in our cost of services. We do have our own self-sourced sand, and we'll be servicing the majority of our wells with that. We've got self-sourced asset, we've got our own rental fleet. So we're pretty well set here, not see seeing much increase in 2012.
