Billy Helms: Thank you, Bill. During 2013, we made significant progress with our Bakken and Three Forks completions that dramatically improved well productivity and individual EURs. These enhancements and the ongoing implementation of cost saving measures, including the use of EOG sand, have turned what was once a mature producing area into a higher rate of return oil growth assets. We continue to see plenty of opportunity on our Bakken core acreage by bringing the latest technology to this area that was initially sparsely drilled over five years ago. Recent core wells are the Wayzetta 30-3230H and 31-3230H which began production at 2,510 and 2,540 barrels of oil per day respectively. We have 59% working interest in these wells. The Wayzetta 35-1920H had an initial production rate of 2,240 barrels of oil per day with 1.2 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. We have 60% working interest in this Mountrail County well. Using the same improved completion techniques in our Antelope Extension area, we are seeing similar enhanced IP rates and EURs. The Hawkeye 2-2501H had an initial production rate of 2,075 barrels of oil per day with 3.8 million cubic feet a day of rich natural gas. We have 80% working interest in this well. In 2014, we expect to again grow crude oil production. Our drilling efforts will be localized in these same two areas, the Bakken Core and Antelope Extension, with the majority of activity in the core. We will continue to downspace in both areas and plan to operate a six rig drilling program. We have existing oil and pipeline infrastructure within the core and with the integration of EOG Sand into our Bakken operations, we will continue our focus on reducing well cost even further, while enhancing the productivity and recovery factor of the field. We plan to drill 80 net wells this year compared to 54 last year. EOG's total drilling CapEx budget in Permian will be essentially flat in 2014 from 2013. The majority of the Permian drilling dollars however will shift from the Midland Basin to our to higher return plays in the Delaware Basin, the Leonard and Wolfcamp. The largest increase in activity will be the Leonard play where recent wells have had excellent rates of return and we are continuing to make progress on our technical understanding of this outstanding play. The Leonard is EOG's third best play in terms of rate of return. To date, we drilled in A and B zones and have identified additional pay zones in our 73,000 acre net acre position. During 2014 we plan to develop the A zone with 8 to 10 wells per section. This base development program in a single zone will drive volume growth for the Leonard. We have exploration opportunities in other zones on our Leonard acreage and are testing multiple targets in spacing patterns, both between wells and also between runs. Three recent Leonard wells in Lea County, New Mexico came online with very strong oil production. The Vaca 24 Fed Com #5H began production last month at 1,520 barrels of oil per day with 265 barrels per day of NGLs and 1.5 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. The Vaca 24 Fed Com #6H had an IP rate of 1,380 barrels oil per day with 170 barrels per day of NGLs and 935 MCF per day of natural gas. We have 89% working interest in these wells. We plan a much more active year in the Leonard with 40 net wells compared to 17 last year. In the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp, we are gathering microseismic from several wells to further define optimal development for this multi-pay shale play. During 2014 we plan to test number of spacing patterns across various zones with the goal of maximizing recovery and determining the impact of any communication between wells. We also plan more active year in this play with 14 net wells. In Trinidad, we expect to be as crude contract takes for full-year, we have a development drilling program planned for the second half of the year to maintain stable production in the years following 2014. I will now address reserve replacement and finding cost. In total, we replaced 264% of production from all sources at a $13.42 per BOE all-in total finding cost. Proved developed reserves increased 19% and net proved oil reserves increased 28%. For the 26th consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton given independent engineering analysis of our reserves and their estimate was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered about 82% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying the earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding cost. I will now turn it back over to Bill.
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo. Our crude by rail system gives us a lot of flexibility and we believe that will come in to play as we go forward. We have established markets in the East and West Coast but really our prime markets still remain on the Gulf Coast or LLS prices and an increasing WTI prices. So as we have seen, just really over the last few months, there's been some variances in the differentials between WTI and LLS prices and we have been able to take advantage of that, and we have been switching back and forth. So again our crude by rail system gives us a lot of flexibility to get our oil to the highest priced markets.
Billy Helms: Yes, Joe. That's a very good question. The recovery factor is a work in progress and we are certainly not seeing any decrease of any oil in plays. We are learning about these resource reservoirs. We are learning more all the time. Of course there is no textbook on them. So we are trying to get a better understanding of that as we go forward and as we learn more about that, we will be able to update you with a bit more stronger technical information.
Billy Helms: Yes, Joe. The 7,200 locations that we have announced or talked about are actual sticks on the map. So they are very specific locations, not a spreadsheet calculation at all and those are all very firm locations. As we look at our acreage, there are other areas of our acreage that could be prospective and those areas, at this moment, we feel like fall below our rate return cut off. And although they would be productive, they are not weighed in our portfolio right now. So we have put a cutoff on rate of return, anything less than the 60% effect rate of return is not included in the 7,200 locations. So there could be additional upside. We are hopeful that we will be able to continue to reduce costs and improve well productivity in all the areas in a specific unit in the areas that are a bit more of return.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Billy. Regarding new plays, we have been saying for some time now that we haven't lost our focus on looking for new domestic liquids plays, primarily oil. In addition to increasing the recovery on our existing plays, we continue to look for new prospects and test new ideas. In our midstream operations, we are working with our partner rail companies. We have a strong emphasis on safety and our crude-by-rail operations. On our crude-by-rail our crude-by-rail continues to give us flexibility to access markets with premium process and plays a role in the ultimate destination of EOG produced crude. To summarize our operations, EOG has captured the best horizontal oil acreage in North America, and our high performance operational teams continued to execute superbly. Our wells are still getting better, unit cost continue to decrease and oil production continues to increase at peer leading growth rates. EOG has a long life inventory of crude oil and liquids rich drilling prospects with high after tax rates returns. We continue to focus on delivering high margin oil growth, increasing recoverable reserves and existing assets and generating new plays to ensure that EOG remains best-in-class through 2017 and beyond. I will now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Now I will provide our views regarding the macro environment and 2014 operations activity. Regarding oil, we are still waiting for the final 2013 EIA U.S. oil production data, but it looks like the rate of growth in 2013 slowed compared to 2012 and we expect this trend to continue in subsequent years. The October and November EIA monthly data indicates the rate of annualized production growth was approximately 760,000 barrels per day compared to 1.04 million barrels per day for the same period in 2012. We are still bullish regarding U.S. oil process because of slowing domestic oil growth and we are not particularly concerned about a surplus of U.S. light sweet oil. Regarding North American natural gas prices, our long-term view hasn't changed. We have obviously seen some relief this year due to the multiple shifts in the polar vortex this winter. We think natural gas prices will stay around the $4.50 level in 2014 and '15. On the plus side, we have taken advantage of some the recent prospects to layer in hedges. For our 2014 business plan, it is as follows. We plan to focus on high rate of return domestic crude oil growth. We are targeting 27% oil production growth this year and 11.5% total company growth. We have increased our CapEx budgets from last year because we have so many high rate of return opportunities to pursue. The greatest increases are in our highest return plays, the Eagle Ford and Bakken. The amount of CapEx dollars allocated to midstream infrastructure is also increasing. This year we plan to spend approximately 10% of our total CapEx budget on these types of projects to lay the foundation for future growth and to manage operational costs. Also for the sixth year in a row, we are not growing EOG's North American natural gas production. This is reflective of our view of the low return on natural gas investments. We won't drill any dry gas wells in North America during 2014, because we don't see a change in the gas oversupplied picture until the 2017-2018 timeframe. I want to leave you with some important summary points. First, 2013 was an excellent year for EOG, particularly in our three key plays, the Eagle Ford Bakken and Leonard. In the Eagle Ford, we moved beyond an assembly line of operation to a high precision manufacturing mode of delivering top quality individual wells. In the Bakken, we created a technical renaissance not only for EOG, but also for the industry. We changed our completion techniques and improved the well productivity. In the Permian Basin, we are shifting activity to the Leonard, where we made exceptionally good wells during the second half of 2013. Our Leonard is our highest rate of return asset in the basin. Second, in terms of capital discipline, we boosted our financial returns in 2013, while deleveraging the balance sheet. We generated strong ROE and ROCE numbers last year, 6% and 12%, respectively. We think this is a discriminator in a sector not recognized for financial returns. Additionally, we raised the dividend for the 15th time in 15 years. Third, EOG has captured the best horizontal acreage in North America and our higher performance operational teams continued to execute superbly. In March 2013, EOG became the largest producer of crude oil in the state of Texas and we continue to maintain that position. Today, according to HIS, EOG has become the largest onshore crude oil producer in the U.S. Lower 48. With our large, high-quality drilling inventory, we expect EOG to be one of the largest crude oil producers in the U.S. by 2017. Fourth, we ended 2013 with a strong balance sheet posted, peer-leading oil growth rates and increased our high margin oil opportunities set to drill bit. Finally, the increased budget and increased dividend rate are a function of EOGs confidence in our long-term business plan. It's the same business plan we have always had, capture the best assets grow organically and focus on returns. Thanks for listening. Now we will go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Thanks, Leo. That's a good question. The downspacing that we have done across the field we found that has been the spacing is very variable, due to different geology, different faulting situations at this different things across the field that we have to deal with. Some places, you know, we can drill wells as close to maybe 30 acres to 35 acres per well and in some places it's more like 50 to 60 and 65 acres per well, so it is quite highly variable. The number of wells that we have, again, were 7,200 total wells are based on actual well locations that we have put on the map in regard to the geology, the individual geology at each unit and the configuration of the leases, so these are not spreadsheet numbers. As far as the interference between wells, there is some interference in some areas and in some places there are not interference, so again it's really highly variable and that we have been able to overcome the interference and increase the well EURs with our frac technology. So the frac technology has definitely enhanced the productivity of the wells and it has enhanced the EUR per well. So we have quite a bit of confidence that the average EUR for the 7,200 wells we have is 450 MBOE per well.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug. On midstream, we are very, very selective on how we spend our midstream dollars and the midstream dollars we have allocated this year and particularly have given us a very strong rate of return and are really focused on getting our oil to the market and decreasing our future operational cost and transportation costs. We are not at all interested in working on forming new MLP companies or making the company very complicated. We want to keep the company financially and structurally simple as we go forward. So it is easy to understand. And so our midstream is really just to enhance EOG's acreage positions and getting our products to market and keeping our cost low as we go forward
Bill Thomas: Well, I mean, certainly the midstream costs are part of the whole picture, but really we are really focused on getting the wells drilled and getting the direct return of those the wells at a maximum and we are focused on that. Then we are always looking at the whole picture EOG has a lot of scale and were able to midstream dollars down to a minimum when we have a scale. We are really focused on the company on returns and increasing our ROE and ROEC numbers, so midstream really helps us do that.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Charles. I think we have done some in the 300-foot range and that's 200-foot maybe down to 200 feet. Again, we push them pretty close together and the goal of course is to always to maximize the NPV of the acreage. As you push them too close together, you could start destroying the value, so these pilot programs that we put in and tested have given us a pretty solid understanding of the interference between wells and the spacing between wells in terms distance between wells, so we feel pretty solid at this point that on an average 40 acres is probably the optimal spacing pattern.
Bill Thomas: Yes. For the Delaware, Wolfcamp our acreage is located kind of central Reeves and we do have some acreage up to the North and to the East in the northern part of Loving County and then in the Lea County that we believe are prospective for the Delaware Wolfcamp. Your correct it does get a bit oilier as you move that way, so into in 2014 we are really probably just focused on the Central Reeves County area. Then will be testing additional the Wolfcamp potential maybe later in the year in 2014 and in the 2015 as we go forward, but we are trying to work the play technically and increase the oil percentages as we go forward.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Matt. On our Bakken, we are continuing with 160 acre downspacing and we are studying very intensely the possible interference between the new wells in the existing older wells. Obviously the new wells had come in extremely good. We are very pleased with the results so far in our downspacing efforts and we will give some guidance on what all this means later down the road. We haven't given any time commitment on that. We really want to make sure that we technically understand where we are going and what this really means to recovery for our acreage.
Bill Thomas: Yes, we want to certainly hold on to it. We are making some progress there in the Midland Basin. Our long-term view is that we can continue to improve the results there, establish the right spacing patterns and continue to reduce costs and also increase the well productivity and really focus on increasing the rate of return there. So we are going to leave it in the portfolio right now and see if we can get it up to the point where it can make its way back into our high return inventory.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Amir. On our Leonard play, we are still doing some testing there, as you can imagine, on spacing and testing different target zones to really understand what the productivity in the long-term performance is going to be. We obviously are seeing improvements in that. So we are optimistic of what we might see on improvements in recovery factor but we still haven't quantified that yet. That's still a work in progress. So we will provide more data on that once we have it fully evaluated.
Bill Thomas: Yes. So two thirds of that is going to be in the Eagle Ford and that on lease facilities with us drilling more wells this year and we are going ahead and putting it in our oil and gas gathering lines. Put the new oil on pipeline. It saves us quite a lot on our transportation. Then we are putting it in an oil storage and pipeline facility there for the West. Gas processing facilities, SWD systems, water reuse facilities and that also includes artificial lift. We are putting that on quite a number of wells this year. So all that is just to reduce transportation, our LOE, realize higher prices, all long-term benefits for earnings.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Joe. The EUR per well increase was certainly up a lot of strong historical data. We have over 1,200 producing wells in the play right now. And then, we have done extensive pilot testing on each one of these downspacing patterns and through our completion technology, we have seen dramatic increases in initial rates per well and then the shape of the decline curve really has not changed. It's relatively the same shape. It's just that the well's initial rates have improved over time with better their completions. So that gives a better total EUR. When you have long-term production, you have enough data, like we do to establish and have a lot of confidence in that. So we have got a lot of confidence in that and as we go forward, we are hopeful that we will be able to continue to improve the well productivity but we certainly have not proven that yet, but we are going to obviously continue to work the technology. We are never going to give up and we are never going quit trying new ideas or new things. So we are in that process right now. We will just see how time will tell .As we go forward, we will see how it all turns out.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Joe, we look at our drilling portfolio and we have continued to shift money to the higher return plays, so one of the things we have been reducing is some of our combo plays, so we continue to reduce dollars from the combo plays which are more gassy, because of just a bit lower return than our high return oil plays, so that's really the shift that we have seen in the gas profile.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Pearce. We do have that we have recognized that on a decent portion of our acreage and that's certainly an option that were looking at an exploring and may do some testing on that as we go forward to see if the upper part of Eagle Ford specifically has not been affected and contacted with the existing frac technology that we are using, so we have got that in mind and we are going to be working on that.
Bill Thomas: The best acreage we have are in really probably some of the more combo-ish acreage. The Haynesville combo play is a really strong rate of return play for us. Also the highest quality dry gas that we have is certainly would be in Bradford County in Marcellus. Then we drill a few selective wells in South Texas in the Frio and Vicksburg area. There are good wet gas and combo and also very high rate wells and give us high rate of return, so those are three areas that probably will be high on the list.
Bill Thomas: Yes. I would say they are mostly nanodarcy top reservoirs and so they are very high rate very, very specific prospects, not regional prospects. They are very specific.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Bob. We have a nice working list of new prospect potential that we are working all the time and we are very, very focused of course right now on the oily-type plays and we are focused on only on plays that would be additive to our portfolio, so our portfolio is such a high return for portfolio that for a new play that work itself into our system, we are targeting only plays that we think that could generate after-tax rates of return greater than 50%, so we are being very selective on that. We have a nice list working, so we are taking her time to test those and to evaluate those to make sure that they are the kind of quality plays that we want to invest money in as we go forward, but we are confident that EOG is going to continue to be a leader in generating new plays as we go forward, so that will be certainly a nice part of additional resource potential for the company as we go forward.
Bill Thomas: Yes, but some of this effect 2014 certainly. When we talked about our gathering lines here and on lease and our artificial lift, but you are right, David, what we are doing here is going to have impact certainly beyond 2014. A portion of this share is midstream and also even our sand facilities because we are seeing that, yes as we drill new wells, we have a need for additional sand and we are just ensuring that we have a long-term, low cost sand available to EOG.
Bill Thomas: Yes. We think that we are going to be looking at the same sort of savings and we are working towards having us self-sourcing all of our sand for the Bakken. We are doing some of that now in the Permian. We believe we will be able to do that pretty well across the board for EOG.
Bill Thomas: Yes. That's a good question. I am not saying the majority of it is really due to downspacing at this time, and that is and something we took great care and technically and use multiple downspacing pilot to determine these additional locations, so we found out certainly that it's very variable across the field, but the average is about 40-acre spacing between wells and that gives us the optimal net present value. We have a slide in the in the IR slides that show how that the net present value or per acre basis has increased over time as we downspaced and added additional potential, so it's a really good solid number but really most of the year increase is downspacing.
Bill Thomas: Well, it is variable across the field, so it's not a standard thing. It really varies from lease-to-lease, but certainly I think on an average 40 acres space is that we are proceeding ahead at this time and that looks like that will generate the best returns and the best NPV.
Bill Thomas: Yes. It's a good question. Saying it's still early is a good point, because we are still testing multiple spacing patterns there as well. We do believe eight is certainly a very achievable number. We are going to be testing 10 A zone and we are still have additional zones there to test as well, so we are very encouraged about what we are seeing in the Leonard play based on our latest results and so were optimistic that the spacing pattern will prove itself out here as we go forward.
Bill Thomas: I just want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning and we look forward to a great 2014. Thank you.
