Ezra Yacob: Thanks Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG’s cash return strategy demonstrates our commitment to deliver long-term shareholder value. Yesterday, we declared a second special dividend for the year of $1.80 per share following last quarter’s $1 per share. Combined with our peer-leading annualized regular dividend of $3 per share year-to-date, we have announced $3.4 billion in cash return to shareholders in 2022. EOG has a strong history of cash return. Since we began trading as an independent company in 1999, we have delivered a sustainable growing regular dividend. It has never been cut or suspended and its 23-year compound annual growth rate is 22%. Since the transition to premium drilling in 2016, our dividend compound annual growth rate has been even higher at 28% including doubling our dividend last year. Today, our regular dividend not only leads our E&P peer group. It is more than competitive across all sectors of the market. More recently, we have supplemented our regular dividend with significant special dividends, reflecting our commitment to both capital discipline and returning cash to shareholders. While we are proud of our cash return track record, we acknowledge shareholders desire for more transparency and predictability. To provide both, we recently formalized and yesterday announced our cash return commitment of returning a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow. Going forward, our intention is to evaluate and pay the regular dividend and consider options for additional cash return every quarter. The addition of quantitative guidance to our cash return framework reflects our confidence in our business. The pandemic driven volatility in the oil and gas market is stabilizing. However, the macro environment continues to evolve with the war in Ukraine and other geopolitical events. We have proven to ourselves over the last several years that our business is resilient through the cycle, including unprecedented shocks to the industry. Credit for EOG’s resilience for the steady improvement in our ability to generate free cash flow in any environment and the ability to make this free cash flow commitment to our shareholders goes to our employees who embrace our premium return hurdle rate six years ago, which requires that all investments are in a minimum of 30% direct after tax rate of return using a $40 flat oil and $2.50 flat natural gas price. Last year, we doubled the minimum return to 60%, both the premium and now double premium hurdle rates have positioned the company to have an outstanding year in 2022. In spite of the ongoing inflationary and supply chain issues facing our industry, our employees outperformed during the first quarter and are positioned to deliver on our annual capital and volumes plan. We have decades of low cost, high return inventory that support the consistent financial performance that our shareholders have come to expect and that drives long-term value. Our inventory spans multiple assets across oil, combo and dry natural gas basins throughout the country, which enables us to pursue the highest net backs by diversifying both our investment and sales market options. We also continue to explore. A year and a half ago, we announced Dorado a premium dry natural gas play, where we’ve captured 21 Tcf of resource potential net to EOG. In a moment, Ken will update you on the progress we’ve made on well performance and well costs and what we believe is the lowest cost and lowest emission source of natural gas onshore U.S. Our organic exploration program has grown our premium inventory by more than 3.5 times since the premium metric was introduced in 2016. So our exploration program isn’t focused on adding more. We are looking for better inventory. New plays like Dorado and the potential we see in our current exploration pipeline gives us confidence we will continue to grow and improve our double premium inventory in the future as we have done in the past. While we have earmarked and committed to return a minimum of 60% of annual free cash flow, our longstanding framework and priorities for total free cash flow are unchanged, a sustainable growing regular dividend, a pristine balance sheet, additional cash return to shareholders through special dividends and opportunistic stock buybacks and low cost property bolt-ons. Sustaining and growing the regular dividend remains our highest priority and reflects our confidence in the long-term performance of the company. A pristine balance sheet is a strategic advantage functioning as a shock absorber that also provides the flexibility to exercise a buyback when the opportunity arises and to take advantage of other counter cyclical investments. Additional cash returns through special dividends and buybacks complement our other priorities and together with our free cash minimum return guidance support our goal to create significant long-term shareholder value. Now, here’s Tim to review our financial position.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks Ken. I’d like to note the following important takeaways from the call today. First, formalizing our cash return strategy demonstrates our commitment to our free cash flow priorities that along with high return discipline reinvestment offers significant long-term shareholder value. Second, EOG is realizing another tremendous year of improvement. We are set to deliver outstanding returns while demonstrating capital discipline within an inflationary environment, delivering on both volumes and capital as announced at the beginning of 2022. Third, our most recent organic exploration announcement Dorado has positioned us with over 20 Tcf of low cost natural gas with access to multiple markets. Our progress in Dorado is on pace to make this North America’s lowest cost of supply. Thanks for listening. Now, we’ll go to Q&A.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. As you said, the world’s changed a lot and the company’s changed quite a bit. The biggest thing for us is that introduction of the premium and now double premium reinvestment hurdle rates. So all of our gas assets now are judged and it’s $2.50, flat natural gas price for the life of the well, and that really high grades our reinvestment opportunities into any of our assets, but especially the natural gas ones as we’re talking about right now. Ultimately what we see with Dorado is that we’ve captured a very significant resource geographically in the best spot. We think onshore U.S. with access to multiple markets. And we’re very excited about being able to focus in on really that asset that we have. We think it’s going to be the premier asset in North American natural gas.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles. The way we look at it is we’ve been fortunate. We’ve been in unconventional North American exploration here for nearly two decades honestly, and what that’s allowed us to do is put together a multi basin portfolio of what we think is really the deepest and highest quality asset inventory. When we switched to premium, it was really taking a long-term look at that $40 price, $2.50 natural gas price to not only help the immediate returns, the rate of return, the IRRs upfront, but really thinking about longer term through the cycles. What does it mean to really build a company where based on a commodity price, you can still be successful and create value through the cycles. Ratcheting that up to double premium in 2020 was really a reflection of our ability to have grown our premium inventory three and a half times through organic exploration since 2016. So actually I think the focus on double premium drilling and that reinvestment hurdle rate actually provides us with an optimal way to rank our assets.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Arun. This is Ezra. I can start right there with where you left off, pardon me, let me say that. We’re just thrilled to be in a unique position here to be able to strengthen the balance sheet and return $2.4 billion to shareholders in the first half of 2022. But ultimately, with the remaining 40%, it comes back to the fact that we’re committed to delivering on our free cash flow priorities and doing the right thing at the right time to maximize long-term shareholder value. And it does include that balance sheet. And some of the things with the balance sheet we’ve discussed in the past is, to have cash available just for running the business for operations to have cash for the small bolt-on acquisitions. As you mentioned to have cash available for the $5 billion stock repurchase authorization, which we’ve said, we prefer to look at that as an opportunistic repurchase rather than something more programmatic. And then the last thing with regards to our balance sheet and cash on hand would also be our commitment there to retiring a bond, a $1.2 billion bond that’s coming due here in the first quarter of 2023. So really, as we started off with the guide of returning a minimum of 60% of free cash flow, it’s really not a change in strategy by any means. It’s just a to provide a little more transparency a little more clarity, we’ve heard some of our shareholders who have asked for a bit more transparency and clarity on the cash returns, and that’s really what the change in messaging is, but our strategy remains very consistent.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Jeanine. No, we don’t believe that’s a suboptimal place in an industry like ours, that’s proven to be cyclical in nature obviously. And at times very volatile even our current cash position, I’d say, the cash on hand is a percent of market cap, places us roughly in the upper half of the S&P 500. And we think that’s a fantastic position to be in, especially when you think about a cyclical industry like ours.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal. We like to have confidence in what we’re talking about and bringing out to the public and what that means for us these days and we’ve talked about it a little bit before is these days it’s not just a matter of trying to find oil or gas that has become relatively not too difficult. The challenge for us is to make sure that it’s additive to the quality of our inventory. Like I said earlier, we believe we’ve got the – really the highest quality and deepest inventory across a multi-basin portfolio as far as North American E&P companies go. And so trying to add to that, trying to add to the double premium rates of return program is challenging and what it takes is long – some longer-term production results, before we going back to Dorado and the Powder River Basin before we announced those basins to the public, we had some pretty significantly long production results to really make sure that we had captured what we had anticipated capturing. Last thing, we wanted to do is mislead anybody. And so especially looking at some of the new plays that we’re talking about with these hybrid reservoirs, these things are relatively new in nature to the industry. And so gathering some longer-term production results and appraisal wells to really define the extent to these plays is very important and critical before we’d be comfortable talking about them.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil, this is Ezra. It’s great to have such high quality inventory across multiple basins. It makes our job with capital allocation and portfolio management, I’m exciting. The way we approach each of them is, looking at where they’re individually at in the life cycle play and basing off on returns. And so even though, the Eagle Ford in there, certainly not a growth asset anymore. But by right sizing that program last year, I think we highlighted this in February. Last year, we turned in the highest rate of return drilling program we ever had in that play. When you think about a play like the Eagle Ford, that’s really a trailblazing type of asset for the entire industry to see how to continue to make one of these resource plays, long life resource plays even better year after year after 12 or 13 years of drilling it. So when we think about the Delaware basin, the Powder River basin, and Dorado just at the high level, we would say the Delaware basin is kind of in the sweet spot, as far as drilling activity, our knowledge base, infrastructure. And the PRB and Dorado are a little bit behind that. We definitely slowed down, as Ken had mentioned, we paused drilling in Dorado during 2020, and we did the same in the Powder River basin. And so we’re early in the life on those plays and so the capital allocation of those two really progresses with the build out of infrastructure and at the pace of which we can incorporate our learnings and continue to make the wells better.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neil. I’ll start with the second one and reiterate our position on exit to exit U.S. oil hasn’t really changed since February, when you look at kind of the range of forecasts that are out there. We’re on the lower end is the way that we set it in February and that’s what we would stick to today. We think the supply chain constraints and the inflationary issues, the discipline that you’re seeing in North American E&P sector, we think that the U.S. exit to exit oil production growth is going to be on the lower end of most of the forecasts. Longer term with the structural implications for Russian capacity for U.S. and global and how that plays in. We’re watching that the same as everyone else. We have – it’s a volatile situation. There are things developing as we speak, including the sanctions that are being discussed. And how are those Russian barrels actually continuing to flow and how are they getting discounted and where are they showing up and what is that doing? Ultimately, I take a bigger step back and just say for the last few years, Neil, we’ve been pretty consistent with our model that chronic underinvestment and exploration in our industry is really going to lead to generally lower supply, under supplied for the global supply and demand market longer term. That’s why we continue to explore and we continue to explore for lower cost, higher return assets. And we think that really – as we’ve said in the past, there’s only a handful of North American E&P companies that have the asset quality, the size, the scale to compete on a global scale with that cost of supply. And on top of that, deliver the barrels with the lower environmental footprint. And in the future, those are the companies that the world’s going to want to fill in additional barrels. And especially, with our operational results in this first quarter, we think, we know – we feel that EOG is a leader of that group of North American E&Ps.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. Paul, this is Ezra. I think I can answer both of those questions almost in the same manner. When we came out with the 8% to 10% growth, which was maybe close to 20 months ago now. That was – and I think we said at that time, it’s dynamic, at that time that 8% to 10% model was reflective of what we could do to optimize near-term and long-term free cash flow with the current inventory and our current knowledge base. And as you can see, things continue to change for the better for us. We continue to drive down costs. We continue to drive forward each of our, let’s call them, emerging place with the Powder River basin and Dorado. And so when we talk about what’s a good growth rate going forward, it comes back to those two things that I started off the call with Doug with the first his optimizing our returns, investing at a pace where we can really create long-term shareholder value. And you do that through adding lower cost reserves to the base of the company. So driving down the cost base of the company, while also reinvesting so that you can turn your cash over quickly. Our wells this year, it’s strip price since we base it on a $40 investment. What that really translates to wells that pay out on average in two to three months right now on the strip price. So it’s a fantastic place to be, and it’s really strengthening the base of the business and the company going forward. With regards to the PRB, it falls under the same type of line. It all depends on how we build out our infrastructure in that basin and moving out of pace to be able to incorporate our learnings to drive down the well costs. Last quarter, I think we highlighted, we had dropped the Niobrara well cost pretty significantly over the past year 2021, which was just tremendous results. And as we continue to see progress like that, we feel more confident to go ahead and allocate more capital to that portfolio – to that basin.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. We’d like to thank everyone for participating on the call this morning. And thanks to our shareholders for your support. We especially want to recognize each of our employees for their commitment to excellence and on delivering such an outstanding start to the year for EOG.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Tim. We’ve had a great start to the year. Our first quarter volume, capital expenditure and total per unit cash operating cost performance exceeded our forecasted targets. We’re also pleased with our progress to-date, offsetting inflation and managing well cost. Our drilling teams continue to reduce drilling days and generate consistent performance improvements. Use of self-sourced downhole tools as well as minimizing downtime and mud losses remain areas of focus to improve performance. For example, drilling times in our Eagle Ford oil play continue to improve, decreasing 28% in the last five years. The average well is now drilled in less than five days. On the completion side, we have increased the amount of treated lateral per day by about 10% over the last year, as we further deploy the super zipper technique. We are now using this technique on more than half of the wells completed in the company and expect to increase its use further as we progress through the year. In addition, our self-sourced sand program is providing a tremendous advantage that we expect to further offset additional inflation throughout the year. When we establish our plan at the beginning of the year, we knew the unusually tight supply constraints initially sparked by the economic recovery from the pandemic would present a unique challenge. Taking these headwinds into account, this year’s plan was devised with known efficiency improvements that would maintain well cost flat with last year. While we have since seen increased steel and fuel prices directly associated with the war in Ukraine, we are confident we can still deliver on the CapEx and volume targets in our original plan. Rather than accept inflation as a given, our employees remain proactive. We have a track record of lowering cost and developing efficiencies through periods of economic expansion and other drivers of inflation. Our operating teams are ever more diligent in their quest to identify new areas of performance enhancements that will lower well cost. EOG’s advantage lies with our people and our culture. Today’s challenges are met with innovation and value creation in the field through our multi-basin decentralized approach. This period of inflationary fuel prices is a primary driver of the 2% increase in our full year per unit cash operating costs versus our previous guidance. However, higher commodity prices also present an opportune time to enhance our workover program, which will be reflected in LOE expense. These additional workovers bring on low cost production that pay out within weeks and increase the long-term performance of our assets. All in all, we’re thoughtfully managing our assets to offset a small effect from inflation. While we have flexibility to adjust our plan in any given year to respond to unique or extreme marketing conditions such as the pandemic in 2020, our capital plan is thoughtfully planned across all our assets to support the pace of operations that is optimal for each individual asset to continue to improve. We believe we have the best people, assets, and plan to mitigate any headwinds and continue to improve the company for the long term. Here’s Ken to discuss the incredible improvements we made in our premium gas play, Dorado.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun. This is Billy. Let me start by providing maybe an overview of how we’re managing the year’s capital program. Then I’d like to get Jeff to add some color and then I’ll circle back to 2023. Let me first start by saying that we kind of look at each year the same way. As you know, we would – I would tend to bucket this in maybe three or four different areas. One, we self source a lot of materials that insulates this from a lot of the supply chain issues, we also do a lot of innovation in efficiency gains. The third bucket might be the pace of the adoption of these new efficiencies across the company. And then may be finally flexibility with our multi-basin approach. So just to elaborate on that a little bit more, at the beginning of the year, we constructed our plant, certainly recognizing the inflation we saw from the recovery of post-COVID. And we were confident in looking at that, we could offset inflation and maintain flat well cost. What we didn’t anticipate was the war in Ukraine and that additional pressure and increased inflation we saw in commodities such as fuel and steel, but we’re still working to offset this additional inflation through our efficiencies and new innovations. These improvements in efficiency gains are certainly happening, largely in the areas where we have the most activities such as Delaware basin and Eagle Ford. But I would also say that the pace of the adoption of these new technologies, the rapid adoption of the super zipper technology across the company is happening faster than we expected. So we also have the advantage of being in multiple basins. So that gives us a lot of flexibility to shift activity between areas. So we’re very comfortable that we can maintain our plan, delivering our original volumes and within our stated CapEx goals, we laid out the start of the year. So with that, maybe I’ll turn it over to Jeff to give you some more details.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun, just to summarize maybe I know that’s a lot of detail for you but obviously, we’re very proud of the efforts of our employees to continue to fight against the rising well cost in this period of inflation. As we move into 2023, it’s really early to talk about specifics about next year, but let me just kind of give you an overall impression of how we think about going into any year. Certainly we have a long history of managing through inflation to maintain or lower well cost that gives us confidence to be able to meet our goals. And we have two fundamental things that we think about. One is our contracting strategy and how we approach that is for example, this year is just a reminder. We have about 50% of our well cost secured with contracts, with service providers that provide about 90% of our drilling fleet. And about 60% of our frac fleet locked up under existing contracts. Not all of those service contracts are set to expire at the end of this year. So we try to stagger those as we go through a year to make sure that we have some continuity going into the preceding year. And then the lastly would be, as Jeff mentioned there, innovation and efficiency improvements. So we are already confident. We’re seeing ideas that we can continue to push and explore to continue to reduce cost and offset inflation going into next year. So we’re always chasing those kind of things. I know that’s a lot of color, but it’s certainly something that we’re very proud of our employees and their efforts, and just want to make sure you fully understand it.
Billy Helms: Yes. Leo, this is Billy Helms. Yes. We tried to address that certainly in the last answer we had, but I guess the bottom line is we’re very confident. We’re going to be able to keep our well cost flat this year and we’re going to work hard to do it next year. So it’s early to say what next year’s going to be, but we just have line of sight on so many improvements we can continue to make in our business to fundamentally offset inflation. So we’re very confident in this year’s CapEx and volume targets.
Billy Helms: Yes. Neal, this is Billy. Certainly, it’s a very dynamic situation we’re dealing with here, but part of the reason we have so much confidence in being able to offset inflation, especially the inflation that the industry is seeing today really goes back to the involvement or engagement of our employees and how committed they are to achieving the goals that are set out. And you might – for example, talk about sand, especially sand in the Permian. And Jeff kind of went through some of this in detail earlier. The big overlying reason that we have so much confidence is we took ownership. We took control of that many, many years ago. I want to say about 15 years ago. And certainly through that taking ownership, we’ve learned a lot in the past and we continue to look for ways to reduce that cost. And lately, it’s been by getting sand closer to the wellhead. As we move to locate near wellhead, so kind of close to the end user sources of supply, and we can move closer and closer and continue to reduce our cost both on the cost of the sand itself, but also transportation to the wellhead. All the logistics that you see are diminished. We take trucks off the road. It’s just good many, many different ways. We also stay very engaged on the material side, tubulars and those kind of things. We work with meals really across the globe directly. We don’t really go through distributors per se. We work directly with the mills and that way we are able to establish the relationships and capture opportunities at the right time. So it’s just that further engagement in all aspects of our business that allows us to do that and the creativity of our employees that allows us that opportunity. So that’s why we still remain so confident.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. A year and a half ago, we announced a major new natural gas discovery in South Texas. We named Dorado. It’s a dry gas play with 21 Tcf of resource potential net EOG across stacked pays in the Austin Chalk and Eagle Ford formations. Our break even cost in Dorado is less than $1.25 per Mcf, which we believe represents the lowest cost of supply of natural gas in the United States. Dorado was the most recent double premium play to emerge from our organic exploration program. We began technical work on Dorado back in 2016, captured a large acreage position in the core of the play as a first mover during 2017 and 2018 and drill test wells in late 2018 and 2019. After pausing during the downturn in 2020, we moved Dorado into active development last year and completed 11 net wells. This year, we anticipate completing 30 net wells, nearly tripling activity. Since last year, we have doubled our production rate out of Dorado producing 140 million cubic feet per day in the first quarter of 2022. We are leveraging our proprietary knowledge built from prior plays to move quickly down the cost curve as we increase activity at a pace that allows us to incorporate learnings and savings. We completed seven net wells during the first quarter of 2022, while keeping well cost flat compared to similar designs in the first quarter of last year successfully offsetting inflation. Since our first well was drilled in 2018, we have reduced well cost over 35% and our approaching our target well cost faster than we anticipated. In addition, well performance is improving. Productivity from recent wells is significantly beating our initial forecast, refined completion techniques, and a focus on targeting have increased our performance projections on a per foot basis. This year, we have also moved to longer lateral switch combined with the improvements to per foot productivity have resulted in an 80% higher two-year cumulative production volume that our 2018 wells compounding our capital efficiency. Our preliminary plan for the play was to focus initial development on the Austin Chalk formation, and then follow that with development of the Eagle Ford. So it would benefit from well cost reductions as well as water and gas gathering infrastructure installed for the Austin Chalk. With the dramatic improvements to our Eagle Ford formation well results, we now expect to co-develop it with the Austin Chalk, which will provide additional opportunities to lower costs through scale and simultaneous operations. As a dry gas play in close proximity to multiple markets, we expect Dorado’s gas will have a lower emissions footprint compared to other onshore gas supplies in the U.S. In addition, we continue to leverage company-wide expertise to build out an operationally efficient and low emissions field. As we expand development of Dorado into a core asset, it will contribute to lowering EOG’s companywide emissions intensity rate. Combined with EOG’s low operating costs and advantaged market position located close to several major sales hubs in South Texas, including access to pipelines to Mexico and several LNG export terminals, Dorado is in an ideal position to supply low cost, low emissions natural gas into markets with long-term growth potential. Now next up is Ezra for concluding remarks.
Ken Boedeker: Yes, Charles. This is Ken. We haven’t really given out a number on how much higher the productivity is. If we look back to those 2018 wells, they were shorter laterals in the 6,000 to 7,000 foot range. We’ve now have some extended laterals even past our original 9,000 foot range that we thought we’d get. And those things both the improved performance and the lower cost have really driven that finding cost down to almost the $0.40 target that we’re showing on Slide 11 there.
Ken Boedeker: I guess Charles, just what I would say is, it is – our wells are beating our type curves that we have and those type curves do have a fairly low decline over the first several months of production. So we are seeing them beating our type curves. And if you look at it, we’ve really only drilled 30 of our 1,250 wells in that place. So we’re continuing to learn.
