Bill Thomas: Thanks,Tim. Once again EOG had an outstanding quarter. We posted year-over-year U.S. oil growth of 33% with total company production growth of 17%, which drove excellent financial metrics. We increased the dividend on the common stock by 34%, the second increase this year, and we also announced our success in yet another high return US crude oil play.  EOG’s workhouse assets, the Eagle Ford and Bakken continued to meet or in most cases exceed our high expectations. Although we’ve been in the Bakken since 2006 and the Eagle Ford since 2010 we are steadily improving individual well results in both plays through continuing advances in completion designs.  Also due to our ongoing ability to improve efficiencies, we continued to maintain good cost control, which was evident in our second quarter results. Together these plays are continuing to drive high return oil growth and are far from mature. We realized cost reductions during the first half partially due to efficiency gains from the increase in pad drilling in the Bakken and Eagle Ford. In both plays we are drilling longer laterals and utilizing larger fracs because we have secured sand supplies.  With pad completions, a large number of offset wells are taken off-line. Wells take longer to flow back and new wells are brought on production and packages. As a result, production growth can be lumpy rather than linear. As many of you who follow state data have noticed. This doesn't change EOG’s long-term growth profile. As mentioned in yesterday's press release, we announced success of the second Bone Spring Sand which lies beneath our Leonard shale acreage in the Delaware Basin. This is the fifth oil or combo plate EOG has added to its drilling inventory this year. Now I will turn it over to Billy Helms to discuss this play and our operations.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Billy. In the Eagle Ford, we’re in the sixth inning of understanding and progress in the play and we’ve not yet reached the peak from a learning curve standpoint. We’re constantly experimenting with the completion designs and are seeing improved production responses from these tweaks. We still have ongoing spacing pilots in certain areas. We highlighted multiple high initial production rate wells in our press release.  During the second quarter of the 29 wells we drilled in Gonzales County, 21 had IP rates exceeding 2500 barrels of oil per day. This distinct statement shows our Eagle Ford quality is holding up quite nicely. During the second quarter we drilled a number of lease retention wells. Our drilling plans for the second half include fewer of these one-off wells that we expect to realize efficiency gains from pad drilling and other improvements in costs and logistics. We are drilling longer laterals with a 50% increase in the number of stages from where we were three years ago. We’re also seeing productivity improvements during early flow back, but we need more time to evaluate the results. We’re on track to drill 520 net Eagle Ford Wells this year. By midyear we had brought 260 wells to sales. On our last earnings call we talked about the depth and longevity of oil growth from our Eagle Ford asset. Nothing has changed in our view. In Trinidad we have a three well, net well development drilling program planned for 2014, which will allow us to maintain flat natural gas production in coming years. In the East Irish Sea, the Conway project is now expected to be online early 2015 due to certain scheduling matters with the platform operator. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financial and capital structure.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim. We remain bullish on crude oil prices. We are advocates of free markets and are proponents of condensate and crude oil exports. While the opening up of condensate exports will create more headroom for refiners to process light oil even without exports we still see several years of headroom in the US refining complex.  Regarding North American natural gas, we don't have any plans to reinvest in dry gas drilling opportunities at current prices, as we expect that the strength we saw in gas prices earlier this year was only a temporary and driven by the coldest winter weather in 14 years. Recent high storage injection numbers again have verified the enormous supply deliverability on untapped Shale gas in the US. This provides solid support for rapid approval of additional LNG export terminals. Our 2014 plan remains consistent with what we outlined at the beginning of the year. We continue to reinvest in high rate of return crude oil weighted drilling opportunities. We increased our crude oil growth forecast in May 29%. And this quarter we are increasing EOG’s total company production growth estimate to 14% from 12%, based on growth from associated NGL and natural gas production from our crude oil plays.  Our CapEx estimate remains unchanged. We have now increased the common stock dividend twice this year. Now let me conclude there are five important takeaways from this call. First, EOG is focused on returns. EOG’s high return production growth is showing up as strong growth in cash flow, net income and through increasing ROE and ROCE metrics. The Bakken, Eagle Ford and Leonard have the potential to sustain above average long-term growth with very high returns. EOG is well-positioned to be a long-term leader in returns on capital in the energy sector.  Second, EOG is a growth leader and it's organic. EOG’s estimated 2014 oil growth on a barrel per day basis is greater than any other company in the peer group and this growth is all organic. We have the assets and the inventory depth to sustain this growth. Please take a look at the new IR slide on page 7, growing oil as we did 33% in the Lower 48 this quarter is a remarkable achievement. Third exploration and technology focus, we’ve again increased our high return drilling inventory on existing acreage with the addition of the Second Bone Spring Sand. We also reported good preliminary down spacing results from the Leonard A and B zones. The Second Bone Spring Sand and the Leonard Down spacing results are two examples of how EOG generates new plays through exploration and the use of in-house technology. Fourth, we're committed to generating long-term value for our stockholders. We increased the dividend on the common stock for the second time this year. This combined with net debt reduction has been our plan for discretionary cash flow. Finally our return on growth profile is unique. As Tim pointed out, based on 2014 estimates we are at the head of the class in terms of combined production growth and financial returns among all upstream sectors including the majors, integrators and independents. That's a powerful statement and our IR slide on page 14 is quite impressive regarding financial returns and we plan to maintain this lead by continuing to reinvest in high rate of return oil plays. Thanks for listening and now we’ll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, the average rate on the wells have been improving over time. We’re still making in completion improvements. Steady will slide in our IR presentation particularly on the western wells and so the new better completion techniques we’re doing on wells, continue to make better wells. But really we don't see a significant change from the first half of the second.
Bill Thomas: That’s a good question, Doug, we don't have a policy, so as we go forward the board will just continue to look at our cash flow and where we are at the company, on what we need to do to continue to grow the company. And we will give dividends appropriately based on the situation of the company. So certainly we’ve had a good track record 16, increases in 15 years and we’re certainly committed to long-term shareholder value creation. 
Bill Thomas: As far as the new play, they are all in a bit different situation, certainly plays that we talked about in the first quarter call in the Power River basin and DJ basin, we’re moving ahead with the development on those most of it’s on multi-well pad drilling and we’re defining spacing patterns and optimizing our completions and costs and those will get capital allocation as we see the results of the wells and again the plays with the best rate of return will get the most capital as we go forward. On the Bone Springs we are new into that, as Billy talked about, we drilled two really strong wells and we will be evaluating that play as we go forward. But as we look in to the future everything EOG does is focused on return on capital invested, so each play will get rewarded based on that.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Leo we had a couple things in the first half of the year and the second quarter. We have added infrastructure particularly in midland that’s helped our gas takeaway situation there and deliverability. We did in our Barnett combo play, we had a number of wells on restricted flow rates due to pressure control and we did open up some of those in the second quarter a little bit. But just in general as we stated in the opening remarks we increased our oil in the first quarter and this is kind of a follow up as we have associated gas with all of our crude oil plays, our base decline in our natural gas is slowing due to not much natural – but no natural gas drilling and no property sales and so our associated gas with a crude oil plays is beginning to overcome that decline.
Bill Thomas: Historically and I think business wise we would like to have a good hedge position going forward in oil and gas, the difficulty has been that backwardation in the forward curve on both gas and oil we don't see as reflective of what’s going to happen in the future, so it's difficult to get a good hedge. But we’re certainly looking for opportunities as we go forward in the second half of the year to add some hedges in oil and gas if they are available. 
Bill Thomas: We are certainly conservative on everything we do or we’re concerned about safety and we’re certainly all in favor of many of the things that have been proposed and I guess the new guidelines didn’t really catch us by surprise, we are prepared for those as we go forward and we’re solidly behind - the activity to increase the safety of rails as we go forward. 
Bill Thomas: We are very well-positioned there with the contracts that we have and we’re still reviewing these rules but as our cars that go off the least we will be going with the cars of the future, so we really like the way we’re positioned to be able to have the most safe and regulatory compliant rail fleet. 
Bill Thomas: The Leonard is a shale, and it’s really the third best reservoir in terms of shale we really have in the company. It’s a very high porosity shale with really we've identified at this point two zones, the A and B zone and the content of the reserve is about 50% oil and they start off at very high rates and have excellent rates of return in the shale. So we’re fortunate our acreage position we believe has captured much of its weak spot of the play and we’ve had, as Billy talked about we've had very good success on increasing the per well productivity with our new completion techniques and also been able to test wells at very tight spacing with at least initial good results. So we think we can continue to improve the play and add value as we go forward in our development process. 
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Bill, let me just go through -- that's a good question -- each one of those plays a bit. So in the Eagle Ford we’re currently developing that play on about 40 acre spacing and there are some areas where – and That’s about 300 feet between wells on average. There are some wells where the well spacing is greater than 300 feet and we are doing a bit of infill field work, in some of those areas we don't have any news to report on that other than the early results look good. And we need some long-term results on that before we can determine if that’s the best way to do those areas.  In the Bakken, we’re on our third set of down spacing in the Bakken and we have had very good success with 1300feet between wells which is approximately 4 wells per section. Now we are testing approximately 700 feet between wells, that would be eight wells per section. And as Billy reported on that we have a few wells that are flowing back and those initial results look good. But we do need quite a bit more time to watch the long-term production of those wells and then also watch additional wells as we bring them on line on those spacing patterns. And in the Leonard, we've gone from 660 foot spacing and we tested various spacing patterns down to 300 feet between the wells. We do not have any plans to go less than 300 feet in the same zone between wells, so where we are on that process is we’re just evaluating all those different spacing patterns to determine what's the proper spacing to fully develop the field. 
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Joe, that certainly we’re beginning to think about 2015 but we just don't have any specific guidance on that other than we’re going to reinvest the majority of our growing cash flow. We’re going to continue to reinvest that back into the highest rate return plays that we have and we will be looking at certainly the drilling program this year, and the results and all these different spacing patterns and the well productivity and the return on all these and we will just allocate that to continue to grow the company very strongly. But to really to focus on returns and our net debt to cap ratio continues to fall in the company and we want to continue to strengthen the balance sheet as we go forward and allocate our capital based on those metrics. 
Bill Thomas: Joe, in Wyoming, in the DJ basin, we’re drilling alternating Niobrara and Codell targets and those spacing patterns on various different spacing between wells but there are approximately 800 feet apart and so we will be looking at those, initial patterns and see how those respond. And then in the Parkman zone, we’re currently developing a 1300 feet between wells and drilling longer laterals in that particular play and in the Turner we’re developing on 1355 feet between zones. And again each one of these we’d like to get multiple patterns established and we’d like to get long-term results to see how much sharing – if sharing the risk between wells and then we make appropriate adjustments as we go forward. So it’s kind of the long-term process. And we’re very focused on maximizing the net present value of each of these properties and to maximize the reserve recovery and the value of the property, so that's kind of the status on those plays. 
Bill Thomas: Good morning, Bob. Thanks for the question. In the Three Forks we do have some wells planned particularly in our Antelope acreage. We do have a third match plan, the test later in the year and some, I believe, probably first and second batch also test to continue to evaluate that.  Yeah, I would say Bob, on East Texas, you know everybody knows we are drilling a few wells over there and evaluating the play, as well as plays in other parts of the country too. So it's just a part of our continuing exploration effort in the company to define new play potential. As you know we have a very very high cut-off for new play. So we’re not interested in pursuing plays that have a 20% or 30% rate of return potential, we’ve really set the bar high and we’re looking for plays and only would be able to generate say north of 50% rates return going forward and we’re still – we’re very focused on crude oil plays. So the East Texas is just a part of that mix, and we will continue testing that and when we get some information that’s meaning, and something that we will go forward on, we can talk about that later but right now that's all the information we have.
Bill Thomas: It’s a little early to determine what recovery factors is now with these enhanced completions. But, yes, we’re really excited about what’s transpired here just this year in the Eagle Ford, because more of our wells are being drilled in the West side which previously thought -- we thought was maybe less productive. But with more wells there, then we’re drilled longer laterals, enhanced completions, then overall – the average of the wells drilled in 2014 is quite lot better than the wells – the average of the wells drilled in 2013. It’s just improved completions.
Bill Thomas: We would expect – that we would see with the same kind of IPs, and the wells even holding up better 60, 90 days that we would see improvement there as well, as far as long-term production. We do have longer laterals and we just need additional time on these.
Bill Thomas: Arun, I think what you can expect from EOG going forward is discipline -- capital discipline is at the top of our list and so we are really focused on operating the company relatively within our cash flow going forward. We’re very focused on keeping the balance sheet solid as we go forward, at net debt to cap at a low level and really discipline -- each of these plays, as you focus on rates of return, capital rates of return and maximize the value of the plays, it’s important not to grow or accelerate them too fast. And so we’re really focused on doing that correctly and continuing to focus on crude oil, not interested in gas drilling and that we’re really focused on growing the cash flow of the company forward, of investments in our crude oil really. 
Bill Thomas: I think we want to operate the company with discipline in spending and certainly not outrun the cash flow of the company. 
Bill Thomas: Well thank you for listening and thank you for all the good questions, and just know that EOG as we go forward is a company that's unique, we’re focused on returns, continuing to improve our ROE and ROIC numbers and strong crude oil growth. Thank you for listening. 
Billy Helms: Yeah Amir, our 73,000 acre position both in Leonard and the Bones Springs does cross the state lines. So it is both located in the Mexico and Texas. What’s interesting to note about the second Bone Springs Wells is they are about 5 miles apart, they do help confirm the potential on a lot of our acreage and certainly with the well-control we have in the play. We feel good about the extent of what we've seen so far. We are early in the testing of those zones but it is they do represent two of the most South-East wells in the play as far as wells completed in the Second Bone Springs Sand. So we certainly feel good about what we see so far. But we’ll have to evaluate long-term production to assess the potential to the company.
Billy Helms: Well I think that’s a good way to think about it. I think each one can be a primary target on zone. Infrastructure is certainly in place for our current activity and takeaway capacity and certainly we try to stay ahead of that as we develop the plays. We will be testing as we mentioned in the in the call or in the press release we have tested number patterns for the Leonard, especially the A zone and are Gemini wells that are spaced to 300feet apart in the Leonard A- zone in and certainly we're excited about potential we see there. But we’ll have to determine what the ultimate spacing will be in each zone as we progress. These two wells in the Palm Springs of mentioned earlier they are about 5 miles apart. So there have not been any spacing tests conducted on the Bone Springs yet. And so we’ll have to go through that exercise and it will take care several months to work through that and why additional wells planned in the in the rest of the year to try to assess how we move forward that program.
Billy Helms: Yeah, good morning Doug. Yeah, the retention wells we talked about, we were mainly in the western part of our acreage where we go out and we drill wells on the initial unit just to the hold the acreage and we’ve completed most of that drilling for this year the first half of the year. So in the second half of the year we will be doing as we talked about in early remarks, will be doing considerably more pad drilling. So that means we come back in and follows retention wells and other areas and we drill multi-well pads and we drill these wells in large groups and we complete these wells in large groups and so they, when we do this , we do get more efficiencies and cost. But the production is a bit more lumpy as we go forward, as we do the more of the pad drilling. So the main benefit is the efficiencies and cost to do the drilling, being able to drill wells on multiple well pads.  
Billy Helms: This is Billy Helms, I will answer this Permian question. For the Leonard and in both the Wolfcamp each one independent zones, the Leonard is more of a oil play, it has a different production profile certainly than that the Wolfcamp which is more of a combo-ish kind of play. So the production profiles although they may start at somewhat similar IPs on oil, production profile is certainly different because they are different types of reservoirs, so the decline rates will be different, the product mix is certainly different. And so it's going to yield different EURs over the life of the well. We’re also -- that will also play into how we develop the field and the ultimate spacing of the wells as well. So the Leonard as you saw we’re testing down to some wells that are at 300 foot spacing and Wolfcamp we’re generally testing closer to 750 foot spacing as we go through the play, so those are just some differences between the two different reservoirs, they are quite different certainly and have different zones of targets but that's the basic difference between the two.
Billy Helms: Well certainly I expect this with success we would expect activity to increase in the Permian over time. The luxury we have right now is we have just a large number of really high quality plays in the company where we can allocate capital, so what it does is it gives us the time to go through and make sure we understand the proper completion techniques and the proper spacing before we really start increasing activity in each play. That helps make us a little bit smarter on overall development and still provide long-term growth for the company. So we’re pretty excited about the potential we see there in the Permian and we’re taking our time to really make sure that we understand how to complete and what the proper spacing of each one of those zones will be before we really ramp up activity too quickly. 
Billy Helms: I would say the decline in the Leonard play – I would say it's not too different than many of our other shale plays in that they are hyperbolic in nature, they fall off fairly fast and I don't know – couldn’t quote a number right now as far as the initial decline on the well but they are very similar to most of our other shale plays, very hyperbolic in nature but they produced a level out produced for a long time at very good rates. So they do provide excellent economics as we would – as we reported earlier, the current rate of return for that play is over hundred percent as well. So we’re very excited about the potential of development of the play and economics of that play. 
Billy Helms: Yeah, Brian, this is Bill Helms. On the spacing for the Leonard, this is the same approach we’ve really taken in every play that we undertake. It’s to try to understand what’s the right spacing given the current state of our completion technology in each lateral to maximize the net present value of every acre that we have under lease. And so for the Leonard, we started out with 660 foot spacing and we continue to test tighter spacing in each one of our subsequent patterns to understand what is the right formula to maximize our net present value and certainly the Gemini wells that we highlighted in the press release are encouraging for 300 foot space well. I would say that we need a little bit more production time to really understand what the optimal spacing pattern is going to be for that Leonard A zone as we go forward. And then similarly we will do the same thing for the Leonard B zone as well as the Wolfcamp zones in the Delaware as we start through the development in each one of those. So it’s a similar process we go through in each play. For the Leonard it's just -- it's really – as Bill mentioned earlier it’s a high quality shale across the good mechanical properties, that allows us to really focus the fracs near wellbore and maximize recovery of each well and that's different than some of the other plays. Of course each play has its own characteristics and mechanical properties that dictate what the proper spacing will be and that's why these very methodical spacing tests are needed to try to determine what the optimal will be on each pattern. 
Billy Helms: Yeah, I think the important thing on that Brian is that it is really critical that we get long-term data on each one of these plays and that goes for the Eagle Ford in particular is that we just want to see more than 90 days production to determine what the ultimate EUR will be, and especially as we continue to work the spacing issues, it’s very critical to take our time and to get enough data before we can say whether there is an EUR the increase or not.
Billy Helms: The Leonard, we originally arrived at our EURs the ultimate recovery from that field, from that play, using a 660 foot spacing for all the Leonard wells and certainly we have potential for some multiple pay zones in some areas, although we will need to consider all the targets perspective over all the pay zone, over all the acreage but in general it's a 660 foot between wells which is roughly an 80 acre spacing per well, and as mentioned we're – our Gemini wells, we did test down to 300 and while it’s still early we still need some production time to understand what the ultimate spacing will be for that play.
Billy Helms: Yes, that’s what we used in our initial estimates, yes. I would mention too that we wouldn't have considered all the zones perspective over all the acreage, so I caution you there .
Billy Helms: Yeah, I would say they are very similar as far as returns, we’re -- honestly we just had the first two wells down this acreage position and we’re very excited about it. But as you mentioned it is early and we will certainly need to watch production for a while and as Bill mentioned we like to have a little more than 90 days of production, I’d say more than 90 days production to evaluate the ultimate recovery from all these wells. 
