Tim Driggers: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions, as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to US investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor and Public Relations. For the call this morning, we want to cover three topics. First, Bill Thomas will review the characteristics of EOG that have contributed to our long-term sustainable success; second, I will discuss our financial strategy; and third Billy Helms will review the outstanding 2019 operating performance and the 2020 plan. Here's Bill Thomas.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Bill. EOG had outstanding financial performance in 2019, demonstrating the resiliency of our business. Our 2019 return on capital employed was 12% with oil averaging $57 per barrel for the year and with meaningfully lower NGL and natural gas prices compared to 2018. EOG generated discretionary cash flow for the full year of $8.1 billion and invested $6.2 billion in exploration and development expenditures, resulting in full-year free cash flow of $1.9 billion. Proceeds from asset sales in 2019 contributed an additional $140 million. We paid $588 million in dividends and retired $900 million in debt. Cash on the balance sheet at year end was $2 billion and total debt was $5.2 billion for a net debt-to-total cap ratio of 13%, down from 19% at the end of 2018. The power of our premium well strategy can be seen in our financial performance for the last three years. We established the premium hurdle rate in 2016 and the strategies began paying off the very next year. Beginning in 2017, we have averaged 14% return on capital employed, a return measure that can be directly calculated from our financial statements using GAAP earnings; generated nearly $4.6 billion of free cash flow while growing US oil production by 64%; paid out $1.4 billion in dividends or 30% of free cash flow; and retired nearly $1.9 billion in debt, cutting our debt-to-cap ratio by more than half from 28% to 13%. Our focus at EOG is creating long-term shareholder value. The clearest way to realize this goal is to grow the business value of our Company over time while at the same time protecting that value through commodity price cycles. How do we do this? We compound attractive corporate level returns through disciplined growth while ensuring the Company remains profitable in lower commodity price environments. We analyze the model of the Company under numerous scenarios and the outcome from each of them is clear. By reinvesting and growing, EOG generates higher ROCE, higher cash flow, and higher free cash flow in the future and ultimately higher business value. The most tangible output of this strategy is the payment of a regular dividend. The payment of a growing sustainable dividend is the best way to return cash to shareholders and is an integral part of our successful business model, high-return reinvestment. EOG's dividend growth has grown at a compound annual rate of 22% over the last 20 years. I'm pleased to say we have never cut the dividend and never issued equity to support it. In the past three years, the adoption of our premium strategy has dramatically increased the capacity to pay a sustainable dividend in a volatile commodity environment and EOG has responded with healthy increases. We analyze the amount of the dividend under many scenarios. There is no simple formula. But one way you can think about it is consider the financial profile of the Company under various oil price environments. This is illustrated on Slide 9 of the investor presentation. In 2020, maintenance CapEx of $4.1 billion plus the dividend can be funded at an oil price of $40 per barrel. Maintenance CapEx is the amount of capital required to fund drilling as well as infrastructure requirements to keep oil production flat, relative to 2019 across all premium oil plays. Our premium strategy has dramatically lowered the cost structure, improved the capital efficiency of the Company and increased the capacity to pay a sustainable dividend. We are proud of the performance that allowed us to reward shareholders with sustainable dividends of more than 30% in the last three years. Looking ahead, the Board of Directors will ultimately evaluate the amount of the dividend each year, based on business conditions at the time and expectations for the future. Our goal remains the same, pay a growing sustainable dividend that represents a tangible return to shareholders from long-term value creation. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance.
Tim Driggers: Yes, when we model it, we model it on several different scenarios, but as far as how far out we look, we look out about five years because that's really about as far as you can look out as far as the strip goes to get an idea of what - how to model commodity prices and we stress test it on just about every metric you can imagine, to come up with a recommendation to the Board on where to move the dividend. And so then, as you can imagine, there is a lots of discussion around all that analysis and the Board either agrees with us or doesn't and then we move forward with that increase.
Tim Driggers: Yes. So, there was a slight change there and the reason was where we're at in the commodity cycle. We will pay off our two bonds that come due this year. One is due April 1 and the other's June 1. They are $500 million each. So, obviously we'll pay those off. We'll then evaluate where the market is currently and where it looks like it will be going long term to see where commodity prices are going and make a decision, a prudent decision whether or not to refinance those bonds or not. The goal is still to pay off $3 billion over that period of time, but we have to be prudent and look at the conditions at the time and decide where to go.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Billy. In closing, I will leave you with these thoughts. First, our 2020 plan is set to perform even stronger than 2019. With improved capital efficiency, we are set to deliver strong high-return growth and investments that will strengthen the future of the Company. We are particularly excited about cost reduction and drilling a significant number of wells on several new large exploration plays that we believe will continue to improve our inventory. We see no end to improving the Company in 2020. Second, EOG's unique return-focused and innovative culture has proven for decades to deliver significant shareholder value. Our culture continues to improve and we'll continue to drive our future success. Third, our strict premium investment hurdle is the most stringent in the industry and a significant and unique competitive advantage that allows EOG to be one of the lowest cost operators in the global energy market. And finally, EOG has positioned better than ever to be the leader in ROCE and deliver double-digit growth with significant free cash flow through the commodity cycles. We are more confident and excited about our future now than we've ever been before. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes, our inventory, when I think about EOG's inventory life, it's probably last on my list of things to worry about I'd say because the Company has just historically and continues to be a prolific generator of inventory. And since we started premium in 2016, we've just steadily increased the inventory up and currently it's 10,500 locations and we have an additional 5,000 locations that really are just on the verge of converting into premium. And I'm going to ask Ezra to give a little bit more color on about how we do this and then maybe talk about some of our additional inventory through our exploration.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, I'll just comment on your question about would we consider share buybacks and just reiterate our priorities really have not changed. Number one, as Tim talked about, the best way to create business value is there's no question about it anyway, you want to run it, is reinvesting a high rates of return and that's what we're committed to and that's what we really want to stay focused on. The next priority is sustaining and growing the dividend and we believe the dividend is the best way to return cash to shareholders over the long term and obviously we have been - demonstrated a very, very strong commitment to that this year and previous year. So, that's the way that we want to continue to focus on returning cash to shareholders.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun, certainly this is a huge world event and it's developing and we like everybody else is watching really daily the developments around the world and we certainly hope and pray it's a short-term event, but if it turned to a longer-term of that, as Billy said, we're in a fantastic position, Number 1. We got a great balance sheet and we are committed to that and that's certainly been a strength of EOG for years and years and years. And so, that puts us in a great position. And then, we're very flexible. We have an operational ability to adjust activity and I think I'll let Billy comment a little bit more about that, maybe some of the specifics.
Bill Thomas: Yes, the infrastructure is just very critical to build out that infrastructure ahead of the drilling, because it has significant well cost reduction and which certainly increases returns. It has a significant influence on lowering operating costs significantly also and it allows us to, I think, certainly market our products and get our products online, reduce flaring, just all kinds of tremendous benefits. So, really important to stay ahead of that. And maybe Billy you want - you can give a little bit more color on some of the specifics.
Bill Thomas: Neil, this is Bill. On the last point, I don't think we would change spacing that much based on the commodity prices, really, we're already basing our economics on all of our drilling on $40 flat oil. So, we're - even with a drop in price, we're still have a very strict reinvestment hurdle. So, that part we wouldn't really change too much. As far as the plays, the reason it's really easy for us to, I guess, ramp down activity is that we're in multiple plays. We're developing six plays out of multiple divisions. So, you just take one rig per play which is an easy reduction out of each play. It's really easy to do and it makes it really fluid. If you can take two rigs out of each play, that's 12 rig. So we haven't - because of our decentralized organization and multiple plays, it's not that difficult to systematically reduce as the commodity price changes.
Bill Thomas: Yes Brian. Thank you for the question on the Eagle Ford. I think the main thing that's really important on the Eagle Ford is that due to the dramatic cost reductions we continue to have there, our economics remain very, very, very strong. And so, Ken's the expert on the Eagle Ford. I am going to ask him to comment on specifics there.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Brian, as far as the maybe bolt-on acquisitions, we really don't plan on doing any significant bolt-ons this year, maybe as a few little really small ones in our exploration plays, but with the commodity prices what they are, we're going to be really careful with cash and make sure that we focus it on things that are going to generate super high returns.
Bill Thomas: Yes, I think we just talked about that. No, we don't really have any big plans to do any bolt-on or larger deals. We've been very fortunate as Ezra talked about. Over the last year and a half we've accreted a significant amount of acreage in a number of what we think are very, very high quality plays and we have accreted that at very low cost per acre. And so, we're going to be focused on testing those this year. How we increase in the exploration spend this year is all in drilling. So, we're really set up to test those this year and we're excited about adding new higher quality potential and improving our inventory through our exploration efforts.
Bill Thomas: Well, Bob, of course, oil prices would be number one. It's always number one. So, that's the most difficult part in our volatile environment that we deal with. Really, the Company is in such fantastic shape, I don't really spend a lot of time up at night worried about the direction of the Company. As we said, we've got tremendous confidence in our ability to really continue to have very, very, very good success. And the main - and the reason is simply what we stated before is our culture. I mean we have a - I think a very unique incredible culture and the bottom and the value of the Company is bottom-up driven. It's not me driving it. It's not me making decisions on where to drill the wells or how do get the costs down. It's literally every person in the Company is a business person and we give them - they have the data. They have the ability to analyze it and make decisions, and it's just really the results that we have in the Company are very sustainable because they come from a 1,000 different places. And so, that takes the pressure off of me and it really is just a fantastic organization. So, that really is the basis of our confidence.
Bill Thomas: On the curve, the distribution of the wells, the returns is about the same at each one of our plays. It looks very much the same. We have single premium, double premium, triple premium wells in really every play that we're developing. And then our 2020 plan, the returns on our 2020 plan would reflect about the median there. When we look back on our scorecard for last year, our 2019 plan, our returns at the current prices are at $40 flat oil. We're about the median. So, that represents the median returns there which are 53% at $40 - I mean, 58% at $40 flat and an incredible 83% after tax rate of return at $50 flat oil prices are about the returns that we're getting on our drilling program.
Bill Thomas: Well, first of all 2019 was the best operating performance in the history of the Company and that is just due to - just what we've been talking about is to everybody in EOG. So, thank you to everybody in EOG for doing a fantastic job. We're excited about carrying that momentum into 2020. The Company's got a great balance sheet. We've got operational flexibilities we've talked about, industry-leading premium inventory and a unique EOG culture. So, the Company is set to weather the storms and weather the downturns and to continue to deliver strong results in the future. We're really excited about where we are and where we're headed. So thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. This is Ezra. Thanks for the question. As Bill pointed out, we have identified 10,500 premium locations right now which at our current pace of drilling represents about 13 years of drilling and then those 5,000 locations that you both pointed out with the conversion potential would add another six years at the current pace. So, going back to the conversion potential, I think, as Billy noted in the opening remarks, this past year, we were able to reduce well costs across the Company by approximately 7% and that's really the number one driver of converting those well locations and that's something we've done over the past four years is be able to lower well cost every year through not just reduced contract pricing, but dominantly through our increased operational efficiency and applying innovative technologies and capturing different parts of the value chain. So, that's the first way that we look to expand the inventory, the premium inventory. The second thing we do, which is a bit more challenging, of course, is through our exploration effort and that's an organic exploration effort where we're currently trying to add not only additional premium locations. We've really improved the quality of the locations. So as you mentioned on Slide 12, we've shown what the medium rate of return of our current premium well inventory is there at 58% rate of return on that premium price deck of $40 flat oil, $2.50 natural gas. So, what we're trying to do is really increase that and we're currently for the past 12 months to 18 months we've been leasing in - across 10 different prospects and as Billy mentioned in the opening remarks, we look to be testing about six of those this year and we're very excited about the progress of those exploration prospects and the potential that they could add to the inventory.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Brian. This is Ezra. As far as the acreage in the exploration plays, we really spent, I think, as I just mentioned the last 12 months to 18 months putting together acreage in what we consider to be the highest quality kind of the Tier 1, if you will, parts of these exploration plays and we've been doing that at relatively low cost, really, well under $1,000 per acre I'd say across all of those plays. And we've gotten at least six of those plays as we mentioned to a point where there will still be some additional acreage to put together, but we're at the point on those plays where we plan on drilling and testing those this year. And then, we will still be leasing across some of the other exploration plays as well and, obviously, with these exploration plays, just to keep our competitive advantage up, Brian, I don't want to say too much more than that.
Ezra Yacob: First off, related to the contractual terms just due to the confidentiality, we can't disclose that, but I can walk you through a little bit of when that started up. So, we actually did start with Cheniere. We're excited about that and we actually had our first lifting on January 20. And so, that is 140 million a day that will be linked JKM. So that's started up in January. And then that will ramp up to 440 million a day with 300 million of that being linked to Henry Hub. So, that's currently what's in place today.
Billy Helms: Yes, Doug. This is Billy. I may give you some thoughts and then maybe Bill want to answer, but since you directed the question to me, I guess, yeah, the point is that we're going to stay disciplined on our capital program. So, we'll certainly adjust downward if commodity prices show that this is going to last for a sustained period of time, but if they do rebound, we will not outspend our capital that we've allocated for this year and we're going to stay disciplined with that. And the reason is, we're going to - as we've stated in the past, we only continue to fund at a point which we can continue to get better. We have a lot of different agendas to try to improve this year and including the exploration projects we talked about and many of the other projects we've got under way, and we certainly want to see those through. So, if oil prices suddenly jump way up, we're not going to rush out and increase capital. So, our plan is really set based on conservative outlook at the time we set the plan and that's not going to change as we go through the year.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun. So, the way I would add to that is we have the capability to adjust our rig activity and frac fleets down to really be in line with our sustainable CapEx or our maintenance capital numbers. So, we set out a plan that really allows us to capture the highest performing rigs and frac crews in the market, but we have a tremendous amount of flexibility to adjust downward if we need to. And so - and the same would apply to our allocation of capital to our infrastructure spend and another things. We have the same capability to adjust that downward if needed. So, we'd just be patient here and watch to see how the market unfolds and adjust accordingly.
Billy Helms: Yes. On the specific side of that, Arun, as Bill mentioned, there is a lot of things that we'd like to fund and I would - all of these projects have a direct impact not only on our capital cost in the future of our drilling program, but also lowering our unit operating costs. So, I would point you to Slide 16 in our deck that shows in the last several years, we've reduced our cash operating expense tremendously, 33% percent since 2014. A large part of that decrease came from investment in infrastructure. It allows, even as Ezra talked earlier about our inventory and our ability to convert these wells to premium, part of that cost goes back to investing in infrastructure. So, there are things like the most economic part of that would be getting trucks off the road and reducing our transportation cost, getting water on pipe, oil and gas infrastructure in place, well ahead of the drilling program so that we minimize not only our capital cost for that upcoming year and future years, but also the biggest impact on lowering our full year's LOE and certainly our transportation costs. So, that's largely what it entails.
Billy Helms: Yes, I would say that the infrastructure is just a critical component of our development activities on a go-forward basis and it really doesn't make sense for us economically or financially to monetize that because it is a big part. As I mentioned earlier, it's a big part of driving our unit costs down and improving our returns long term. So, we plan to - we look at each case independently to see where it makes sense for us to invest in that infrastructure versus others and a large part of that goes back to our need to control how we get those products to market also to capture the biggest prices in not only domestic markets, but also be able to export that as we need to.
Billy Helms: There are several factors. It's not one single thing as you ought to imagine. We're seeing certainly some softness in the tubular side. We'll be probably be about 8% lower on tubulars this year relative to last year. Certainly on the completion side of the business, that's probably the area of the biggest decreases we'll see this year and a large - part of that still is on sand cost that could be down again this year just due to mainly getting sand even closer to the wellhead than we did last year. And we are even seeing some softness in drilling rig rates. So, the biggest thing though, I think, that's going to drive that is just our continued push. So, those all were service-related issues. The biggest cost drivers will be on efficiency gains. We just continue to get better and better at everything we do, drilling wells much faster, the use of diverter, improving our completion efficiencies and lowering our well cost, those things all drive the biggest majority of our savings year-over-year.
Billy Helms: This is Billy. Just to give you a sense, we have a lot of flexibility in all areas. So, we would look at each part of our plan and accordingly adjust as we need to. So, it would be not only just drilling. It could be infrastructure projects as well. And we like to get out ahead of the drilling just to put in the infrastructure to maximize their benefit, but if we slowed down drilling in an area, we will certainly slow down infrastructure spend as well. So, that's one way to think about it. As far as one play relative to the other, as Bill mentioned earlier, it's really easy to adjust each play down and we'll certainly make those decisions when we see the market unfold. So, as we mentioned earlier, we'll just be patient and kind of watch to see what happens before we start making any adjustments.
Billy Helms: We typically budget every year the overall infrastructure for our facilities in G&P. It's usually about 15% to 20% of our typical plan and this year we've allocated a little bit more closer to the 20% number as you just mentioned and that varies year to-year depending on where we are in the development of each play and our need for infrastructure to expand those plays and get our cost reductions that we anticipate. So this particular year, it's a little closer to the high end, but I think in general, it's usually between 15% and 20%.
Billy Helms: Yes, it would probably be on the low end of that number, 15% to 20% that I mentioned earlier would be on the low end of that. Certainly we would - focusing on our core areas where we have a little need for additional infrastructure expansion and that would just remind you that that's a maintenance capital number for this year based on keeping this year's number flat.
Billy Helms: So, it's important to understand how we come up with the maintenance capital number to start with. It's a very detailed bottoms-up approach, starting with this year's plan, our 2020 plan and then scaling that down in each one of our plays to make sure we maintain kind of flat growth in each one of our premium plays. So, that's kind of the approach. So each year certainly, depending on what our volumes were, would determine what that level of maintenance capital would be needed to replace or at least maintain the prior-year's production number. So again, this number would fluctuate just depending on what kind of target we're trying to hit, but we would approach it the same way. And then that - it's pretty important to note too that that covers both capital and the dividend at $40. So, it's a pretty good number. It just demonstrates the improvement in our capital efficiencies and basically, this assumes also that we don't see any improvements in either our production performance or additional gains and lowering well cost. So, it's taking the existing conditions as we have today.
