Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll discuss our views regarding macro-hedging in our conceptual 2012 and 2013 business plan. Regarding oil, we still think the global supply demand balances is tight, even after this summer's release of oil from U.S. and European strategic reserves. Following a second global recession, we're optimistic regarding 2012 WTI prices in the $90 range. We're currently 23% hedged at a $97.02 price in the fourth quarter 2011. And for 2012, we're approximately 7% hedged at a $106.37 price. As mentioned, beginning in April 2012, we have offloading capability at St. James, Louisiana, giving us full LOS pricing for up to 100,000 barrels of oil per day. This represents a current uplift of $16 per barrel over WTI. We also view this as a hedge. We continue to have a cautious view regarding 2012 North American gas prices and are hedged accordingly. For North American natural gas, we're approximately 50% hedged for the fourth quarter at $4.90 price. Additionally, we've sold options at a $4.73 price that if exercised would mean we're 65% hedged through year end. For 2012, we're approximately 40% hedged at a $5.44 price, with options that if exercised will increase approximately 75% hedged at a $5.44 price. As in past years, we'll provide more detail regarding our 2012 business plan, including CapEx plans and production growth targets on our February earnings call. However, at this time, I can provide you some conceptual indicators regarding our 2012 plan. As with this year, the overwhelming majority of our 2012 CapEx will be devoted to high, greater return oil and liquids projects, with a minimum amount allocated to dry gas drilling primarily to hold acreage. In 2011, the CapEx split was roughly 80% to liquids and 20% to dry gas. Next year, that split will likely be 90-10. If 2012 WTI oil prices average $85 higher, we'll likely have a CapEx budget at least at this year's level and grow liquids in the range of 27% year-over-year, assuming no downstream facility curtailments. To cover the spending gap, we'll sell sufficient properties to maintain our 30% net debt-to-cap limit. We don't plan to issue equity. If oil prices average less than $85 next year, we'll simply reduce CapEx and reduce the targeted 27% liquids growth target, we won't issue equity and we'll sell whatever properties we need to conform to the 30% max debt-to-cap limit. In either case, we'll have 0 interest in growing gas volumes, unless gas prices surprise to the upside. If you look conceptually to 2013 and assume that decent oil price, combined with a continued weak gas price, our funding gap narrows considerably or if we desire shrinks altogether if we elect to decelerate CapEx and achieve only robust instead of outstanding 2013 liquids growth. The point is, we have a plan to cover our 2012 funding gap, and with our powerful liquids asset base, we can conform our 2013 and later years CapEx budgets to generate whatever liquids growth rate is optimum. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are 7 important points to take away from this call. First, the game plan we articulated several years ago is working. We've captured world-class, low-risk oil positions that are driving the strongest organic liquid growth, primarily oil, of any large-cap independent.  In parallel, our EPS, EBITDA and cash flow per share are growing at disproportionately high rates. This will likely continue for many more years. Second, we're accomplishing this game plan with relatively low debt. Third, our Eagle Ford position is turning out to be even better than when we initially unveiled it in early 2010. We have not only the largest but the best quality net acreage position in the play. Fourth, in the Bakken and Eagle Ford, our 2 biggest oil plays, our well results are essentially the best in the industry based on sell-side research, shown in our website IR slides. Anyone who wishes to check state data can reach the same objective conclusion. The same holds true for our Barnett Combo wells. Although still early in development, we also believe our Wolfcamp well results are the best in the industry.  Fifth, essentially all of our oil assets are located in E&P friendly states in the onshore U.S. Sixth, we have a business plan to deal with our 2012 funding gap. And finally, we continue to look for new liquids plays and ways to improve low recovery factors in our existing plays. In 2012, we intend to focus on recovery factor improvements in our large captured oil positions. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Leo. The situation relating to the EURs, particularly in the Eagle Ford, are -- if we were to keep the same 130-acre spacing, we might have some positive upward trends there. There is an interrelationship, however, between spacing and EURs. And so what might come out of it ultimately here is if we end up drilling on tighter spacing, that may offset the tendency toward higher EURs. So it will probably be some time in the first half of 2012 when we're able to give an assessment of the more dense spacing, and at that same time, we'll give an assessment of the reserves per well. But clearly, the directions are positive here on both spacing and well results. In the Wolfcamp, it's just -- it's too soon to know -- I mean, we are doing some similar spacing test there, and we're still assessing the reserves. But that one will be a little bit slower to come to a technical conclusion on that one. Yes, I would say, clearly, the results in the Eagle Ford particularly are better than I would have ever expected. Going back to when we first rolled this out in early 2010, I'm, I guess, ecstatic would be a good way to describe the results that I believe we're seeing in the Eagle Ford.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I mean, at least it's the first pass, we probably don't have a lot of further infrastructure items that we're talking about selling in 2012. So it's going to be primarily gas-related assets or acreage that we're looking at disposing. And that's why we want to wait until our February call. Then we'll -- the way to view the asset sales for 2012 is the plug number. You can kind of work backwards and say, okay, what's our cash flow going to be for 2012 based on whatever we see the price looking like in February, assuming a 38% max debt cap and then the plug number that you fill in is what we need to sell in the way of assets.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, what -- the way I'd characterize the Permian, both the Wolfcamp and the Leonard, is number one, we don't have the overwhelming acreage position. We've only got roughly half the acreage, net acreage, in the Permian as we do in the Eagle Ford, so it's not going to be as big an impact on the company. In terms of the individual well results, I'd say that the well results on an individual basis are not going to be quite as strong in the Wolfcamp as they are in the Eagle Ford. We're not expecting we can get wells in the Wolfcamp approaching 3,000 barrels of oil a day, plus NGLs. That's probably too optimistic. So I would say the Eagle Ford continues to be grossly underestimated in valuations in our stock, and the Wolfcamp/Leonard will have an impact maybe kind of like of half an Eagle Ford just in qualitative terms.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Well, I'd say either that 27% growth rate, if we really had some nasty stuff happen in the midstream, it might affect it 5%. It might knock it down to 22%. But at this stage, I'd say I'm a lot more comfortable about the midstream than I was at the beginning of the year for both 2011 and 2012. Short of the -- if we exclude the flooding we had up in Manitoba and North Dakota, we really haven't had any massive midstream bottlenecks this year. And we're far enough out in front in terms of our midstream planning that short of a gas processing plant having -- just going down because of an explosion or something and being down for a couple of months or some oil pipeline having some massive leak that caused it to be shut down for months. I'm fairly comfortable for the 2012 logistics. And it's really only the first half of 2012 for the Eagle Ford. Then we've got the relief in the system with the startups of the Enterprise plants and pipelines.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. This year, it looks like we'll be drilling about 270 wells in the Eagle Ford, and we would have some increase next year in terms of Eagle Ford drilling. And we'll give you some details on that. I mean, we're still thinking through that, but we'll give you some details on that in the February call. But in conceptual terms, the Eagle Ford will go up a bit on the number of wells. The Bakken will go down in number of wells or rigs. And the Permian will go up relative to this year. And the Niobrara will go down 2012 versus 2011 in rigs-directed activity, if you will. And the Combo will stay roughly the same.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we're in decent shape on that. At this stage, we -- if oil went to $50 a barrel or so, then we'd be stressed. But if oil pays $80, $85 or so and we keep on the drilling program we're planning, then we should be in good shape to retain the entire acreage position.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, it's more a statement of where our leases are. We've been drilling in the Bakken for quite a few years, as you know, and we're in darn good shape on just holding the lease position together. So we have the flexibility in 2012 to not be forced to drill in the Bakken because we have leasehold issues. And so what we're doing is we're basically saying, okay, we'll slowdown in the Bakken a bit and we're going to accelerate in the Permian, particularly in the Wolfcamp. So the economics are not necessarily driving it as much as the leasehold situation is. I had noted that on a few other competitors' earnings calls, they were talking about well costs in the Bakken for long laterals that I believe the numbers that were quoted are somewhere between $10 million and $12 million a well. Our well costs up there for a long lateral, 10,000 foot lateral, are more like $8.2 million to $8.3 million. So I can see where some people might have some pretty skinny economics if you're spending $10 million plus on these kind of wells.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, our feeling is as the Permian is going to continue to heat up, that the Wolfcamp success we have, I mean, other companies are likely to have similar success subsequently. And so what always happens, it happened in the Bakken, it happened in the Eagle Ford, is you have a lot of success by the industry, and the next thing that inevitably happens is bottlenecks. And we would expect that a year or 2 from now, you'll see a bunch of bottlenecks out there in the Permian, and we're already working trying to -- as we were ahead in the game in both the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, to be ahead of the game to ameliorate those potential bottlenecks. But as far as 2012, at this stage, we don't anticipate any really ugly bottlenecks, at least on the stuff that we're going to develop.
Mark G. Papa: On the frac design, Bob, we are doing something different, but we're sure not going to tell anybody about it just for competitive reasons. As far as locating the lateral in this section, I mean, typically, the Eagle Ford thickness is 150, maybe 200 feet at the thickest. And we've done a lot of experimenting as to where in that interval should you lay the lateral. And we think we've got -- there are better spots than others there. And we think we've now consistently put that lateral in the proper spot there. So it's probably been the case of the -- I'd say the frac enhancement, the frac design, maybe 50% of the credit, and the lateral location, the other 50% of the credit. But it just shows that the Eagle Ford is, because the rock wall is a bit better, you get outside responses, disproportionately large responses to just some small tweaks. And that's what we've seen, particularly in the Eagle Ford there. That asset is just going to get better and better and better. I know I sound like a broken record on that, but it's truly a sense of wonderment to me how impressive that is.
Mark G. Papa: No. No, Bob. No, we don't -- this is -- we believe it's all 100% contribution from the Eagle Ford only.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, again, I'll put off a specific answer on that till early next year. But the chances of needing fewer wells is pretty low. All this downspacing data tells us directionally that if we go any direction from where we are today, we'll end up drilling more wells in the Eagle Ford. And that the combination of the downspacing, plus these improvements in the frac and everything, that those 2 factors could drive a boost in the recovery factor, which is currently 4%. But we don't want you to go off and say, based on these wells, that you can say, well, we may have downspacing potential, plus higher reserves per well. It's probably not going to work that way. It may be downspacing plus equal reserve per well or something along those lines, when you put the 2 together.
Mark G. Papa: The answer to that is no. We continue to be working to turf up new liquids plays. And I mean, if you're driving toward any energy catalysts, I think the catalysts are twofold. One is, can we turf up brand-new liquids plays? The second catalyst is, on the existing ones that are already identified, can we increase recovery factors on those? And so -- but we're placing a large degree of emphasis on both those. But I'd say looking for new plays is clearly on our short list of things that we're doing.
Mark G. Papa: I'd answer that by saying they haven't all been found yet, that's for sure, and our job is to be the finder.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, generally, 4%. There's about 21 billion , 22 billion barrels of oil in place in the Eagle Ford, and recovering 0.9 billion, I think that comes out closer to 4% than 5%.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, it's fair to say, our North American gas volumes this year have held up better than I expected relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year, which means the decline's a little less steep than we thought. But I'll also say that we really don't care for 2012 where our gas volumes go because we think it's just, at best case, you're just cycling money. So our interest in having gas volume growth next year or not is very, very low, unlike pretty much the whole rest of the industry. I can't quote you a specific decline rate, but in terms of management focus on North American gas volumes at a $4 price range, we're just indifferent as to the volumes, I guess, the best way to put it.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, Rehan, on the Eagle Ford oil pricing kind of logistics, our view is, is what changed the kind of the calculus there in the Eagle Ford oil pricing is when we started up our crude-by-rail and started moving about 15,000 barrels a day to St. James, then we saw a change by the oil purchasers pretty much throughout the Eagle Ford. And prior to that, we were typically getting WTI minus some increment for our crude. And now we're consistently getting WTI plus an increment for the crude. So I think it's just a case of proving that we have alternates [ph], EOG has alternates [ph] other than just selling the crude in the local Eagle Ford market is what changed the dynamics. So our guess would be that we're probably in a situation where we have a decent chance to get WTI plus increments prospectively for the Eagle Ford crude, that it'll probably a long-term thing. In terms of long term, you kind of said on what kind of grows long term for the company would we be happy with in terms of production growth rate. We'd really -- you kind of hit my hot button on that because I think that because the value of oil growth or NGL growth is so disparate from gas growth, the best way to say it is, as a management team, we view kind of total company production growth as a useless metric. And we're a lot more focused on EPS growth, EBITDA growth per share, cash flow growth per share. So in other words, we're at 110% focused on our liquids growth, and we don't have a great interest in the gas growth side. So it's hard for me to quote an aggregate number for you other than we feel pretty strongly, though, on the liquid size as long as we have supportive WTI and LLS prices that we're going to have long term a disproportionately high liquids growth rate relative to the large-cap independent peer group. And that's what we're really focusing on.
Mark G. Papa: They're basically farm-ins from people who hold it ahead that acreage. And generally, those are not PSAs. They're under the kind of the regime that the previous entities, owners of that acreage had. It's a pretty convoluted, as you know, kind of tax and fiscal regime down there. But our research of it says that under the terms we've assumed under the farm-in, if we can make good wells, we can make a decent rate of return there.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, there are plenty of takeaway options there because essentially, what we're doing is we're drilling in the middle of an old existing gas and oilfield. So there's plenty of takeaway options. The issue is really -- what it's really going to boil down to, I believe, with that shale play is, what is going to be the average well cost on a program basis. That's the risk you run on these international shale gas or shale oil projects are, can you drive the well costs down to make sure you have good economics. And so that's the thing that we're looking at. I mean, our growing in very, very rough estimate is we think that the first well or 2 may cost us $15 million a well and then we completed the well cost and then ultimately we can drive that down to maybe $10 million a well. But that's very, very rough. And we'll just have to see as we go forward. The reason I said we'll probably won't be able to report any results until late 2012 is whatever result we get on the first well, we're going to want to test another well or 2 before we go spouting off that this is a big success or a big non-success. It's probably going to take us till late next year before we really can opine pro or con on Argentina stuff.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we're pretty comfortable with the level of services. The 2 biggest issues there were directional drilling services and the frac services. And there appears to be enough in country, at least for us, to get a couple of wells done. There's probably not enough in the whole country if the whole play takes off and turns into a monster play. But right now, for testing purposes, yes, there's enough in country.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, as far as an MLP or a VPP, very, very unlikely. We just like to keep our whole accounting and the company very simple. So pretty much 0 chance of that happening. Bigger gas asset sale, yes, it's possible. We just have to see as we go through, but we're so long on gas assets in the company that it wouldn't break our heart if we parted with some significant gas assets. Okay. I appreciate everybody staying with us here through the hour. And we'll talk to you again in 3 months.
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, our well costs are down about 40% from when we started. And like Mark was saying, yes, the first wells were taking about 20 days, and they're taking about 12 days now. And also, yes, we'll be able to drive those down with additional efficiencies, and most especially with having EOG store sands for our frac jobs.
Gary L. Thomas: Our current well costs then are in the $5.5 million to $6 million range. And then that's why we're thinking, yes, we'll get them down there in the $5.5 million or less with us having our own sand. I'll just go and say, yes, we'll just continue to work the science, as Mark was saying, and further reduce our cost and improve the efficiencies of our completions in both of the cost discourse and the completions.
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, our costs are about the same as right now as what the Eagle Ford is. But the thing that's encouraging there, it's about 1,000 feet less TVD, Irene. And we're just thrilled with the drilling results. As a matter of fact, we just recently drilled one well, and it was drilled in just around 7 days at 14,500 feet. So it's an excellent area to be drilling in and very few problems associated with that part of the operations. And we are drilling slightly longer laterals there.
Gary L. Thomas: No, these are, they are longer, Irene, between in the 7,000 to 7,500 foot length as far as total treatable lateral.
William R. Thomas: Yes, Ray, we've got a well planned in the first part of next year. And the section we're targeting there, we've got data that shows that it's relatively thick, about 900 feet thick, and it's got about 150 million barrels per section of oil in place. So it's certainly a world-class potential rock. And we're planning a horizontal well, and we will be conducting microseismic on it to monitor the frac and do all the science work to fully evaluate how the well fracs. And certainly, we'll follow up that and see how the well produces. So our expectations are really high for it, but we'll just have to see how it goes when we get the well completed.
William R. Thomas: Yes, Irene, on the targeting, the shale is really thick. It's about 900 feet thick. And so we're focusing on 2 targets right now, one mainly in the middle target. And that's where we drilled pretty much all the wells that you've seen that we've release in the press releases. And the far right, those have all been in the middle zone, We have recently drilled several wells in the upper target, and we are in the completion process on those, and we don't have the results on those yet. So we at least have 2 targets there, and if they're both successful, you're correct, we will develop that play like we've done other plays, we will alternate targets. And we're currently working on the spacing. We've got multiple spacing tests going on. And so it's going to take us some time to be able to give you any kind of numbers on the full reserve potential of the play because, again, we're just in the early stages of testing the upper target. And we're still in the early stages of figuring out what's the correct downspacing. So both of those will have a tremendous effect on the number of wells. As for the cost, I think we talked about that before. I think our target cost is about $5.4 million per well.
William R. Thomas: As far as the total size of the play, it's certainly a regional shale deposit over the Midland Basin, and so it has a large extent to it, and it's fairly consistent. And so both of those things are really positive for EOG. And like Gary said, it's a play that we can consistently get good results and we can consistently drive down our costs and increase the recovery factor of the play. So this is really a strong play for us and it's got a lot of upside.
