David Trice: Thanks, Bill. If you recall, we increased capital spend this year in the Permian, but we are still in the early innings of evaluating ultimate potential of our Delaware Basin asset. As we ramped up activity in Delaware Basin, we've made quick progress using our integrated completions process. We identified the best drilling targets within the best reservoirs, while making sure we keep our laterals in these discrete intervals. This, combined with our use of advanced EOG completion techniques, has resulted in dramatically improved wells. During the first quarter, we were most active in the Second Bone Spring Sand play, where we are testing various targets as well as different well spacing patterns. Microseismic data we have gathered throughout the play indicates good pressure containment within the individual Second Bone Spring Sand targets. For example, we drilled three wells in Lea County, New Mexico, on the Jolly Roger 16 State Lease. The wells tested three different Second Bone Spring Sand targets at 600 foot well spacing. All three targets are very productive with IP rates ranging from 1,030 to 1,315 barrels of oil per day. And the technical data we collected does not indicate any production sharing between these wells. Going forward, we will continue to push spacing limits and test new targets. Another notable Second Bone Spring Sand well we brought on in the first quarter was the Brown Bear 36 State Number 502H, which IP'd at a rate of 1,700 barrels of oil per day. We are very pleased with these results and expect our individual well performance and recoveries to continue to improve as we refine our drilling targets and implement high density conclusions. In addition to impressive well results, we are pushing down cost. Our current well cost is $6 million, which is down 22% from 2014. We expect this trend to continue and have a target cost of $5.7 million by year-end. The overpressure oil window and the Wolfcamp continues to deliver excellent results and rate of return. The Brown Bear 36 State Number 701H was drilled in Lea County, New Mexico, and came on at 3,165 barrels of oil per day. We are planning to increase our activity on this play throughout the remainder of the year. And we are confident we can achieve increased well performance and lower cost as we move toward development mode. In the Leonard Shale, we completed a 300 foot spaced; four well pattern during the first quarter. The Excelsior-12 number 3H, 4H, 5H, and 6H, were brought on line producing from 955 to 1,165 barrels of oil per day. The Leonard Shale is the most mature of our current plays in the Delaware Basin. The well economics continue to improve as we tighten spacing and lower cost. In fact, much like the Western Eagle Ford, we made better returns at $65 oil now than we could in 2012 at $95 oil. We are optimistic, similar trends will emerge in the Wolfcamp and Second Bone Spring Sand in the coming years. Even as EOG increases activity in the Delaware Basin, overall industry slowdown is helping us lower well cost, add additional acreage, and optimize long-term infrastructure needs, such as water handling and takeaway capacity. We are very excited about the potential of the Delaware Basin and its key role in EOG's future growth. Billy Helms will now discuss the Rockies plays.
David Trice: Yes, Charles, this is David. On these integrated completion, it's not a whole lot of different than what we've always been. We've always really focused on the very best rock and the very best interval within the overall section. And we try to keep our lateral in that and then when it comes with completions, we integrate that in as well. And we do very; we basically design each stage for the well and for that specific portion of the lateral. So it’s really an overall process and we've seen dramatic results over the years and even over the last several quarters in the well results. We really think of the -- it’s really kind of part of the EOG culture and gives us a big competitive advantage going forward.
David Trice: Yes, Irene, this is David. As far as the Wolfcamp goes, we mainly have been targeting the upper Wolfcamp. We think that there is a very large potential throughout the Wolfcamp. But our very focus has mainly been on the upper. And with regard to the Second Bone Spring Sand, we're moving towards development mode there. We obviously have a lot of work to do. We're testing a lot of targets. We're testing spacing there, and we're continuing to refine our completions but we see quite a bit upside left, really in all those plays.
David Trice: Yes, Brian, this is David. I would say, certainly this is a very good well and we’re not necessarily surprised by the Lea County is a good area. We’ve drilled some good Wolfcamp wells there in the past. I think as far as how it compares with the model, I think it would be fairly close to the model and we continue to see progress on these wells and I think over time we're hopeful that we'll even see better wells.
Billy Helms: Thanks, David. As we previously stated, most of our 2015 capital in our Rockies plays will be focused in the Bakken, with minimal activity in the DJ Basin and Powder River Basin. Each of these are well established plays with significant remaining potential. And now, all are benefiting greatly from the pull-back in activity. Plans are in place and steady progress is being made in lowering cost in each phase of our operations. In the Bakken, the slowdown in activity is allowing us to focus on three things. First, we have made tremendous progress on operational efficiencies and lowering well cost. Our typical 10,000 foot lateral is now drilled in just over 10 days. And the well cost is currently 14% less than the 2014 well cost. We anticipate this year's well cost will be as much as 20% below 2014 levels with a target of $7.4 million. Second, we are using new technical data from our integrated completion process to further adjust and tailor our high density completion designs to specific formation properties. Understanding and using this data gives us insight into to how to adjust the completion along the lateral to effectively optimize each stage. These modifications are leading to improved results. And third, we're able to maintain a more stable production base with minimal downtime associated with offset competition interference. This allows us to better evaluate the production from various spacing patterns to determine our ultimate development plan. In the first quarter, we began producing eight wells in two 500 foot space patterns in the partial area. Initial per well production rates from a five-well pattern averaged 1,235 barrels of oil per day and a three-well pattern averaged 1,345 barrels of oil per day. We are encouraged by the results from these down spacing patterns and are confident in our ability to maximize the recovery and ultimately, net present value of this asset. In the DJ Basin, we continue to refine our targeting in the Codell and experiment with modified completion designs. Recent examples of improved targeting and completions are two Jubilee Wells that each had initial production rates of over 1,000 barrels of oil per day. Further, 2015 activity in the DJ will be limited to drilling wells nearly to maintain leasehold and finishing completion operations on a few wells. In the Powder River Basin, activity will be focused on delineation and target selection of this profitable stacked resource play. The Turner formation is one of these stacked pay interval and continues to generate good results as evidenced by the recently completed Flatbow 13-13H with an IP of 860 barrels of oil per day. Our commitment to the long-term profitability of our Rockies plays is emphasized by additional infrastructure capital being invested that could reduce our future well cost by $300,000 to $500,000 per well. These investments include building more pipelines to move water to well-sites, and adding water handling infrastructure for recycling and disposal. As a result, we will not only reduce upfront capital but also reduce long-term LOE. These investments will decrease our need for trucking services and also help our communities by reducing truck traffic. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Billy Helms: Yes, good morning, Doug. We're -- yes, we are looking at a lot of opportunities, as you know; there is a lot of opportunities out there. There's still a pretty good spread between the bid and ask on the acquisition front. I think we'll be very selective. We continue to be very selective in our approach, and what we're looking for, and I think we'll see some opportunities as we go forward, but there will be smaller, more tactical acquisitions, as well as just continuing to be able to accrete leasehold in some of our key plays and emerging place. And so I think that's going to be our approach. I don't think you'll see us doing any large M&A kind of things in the future. They'll be more targeted to the smaller things that we've traditionally done as a company. And so continue to be very selective and review those on a one case or case-by-case basis.
Billy Helms: Yes, Leo, this is, Billy Helms. For the Bakken, as we continue to experiment with our completion designs we're seeing different areas of the field have different rock properties and we're tailoring those completion designs to match those rock properties. So we have, as you can imagine the quality of the rock varies across the field, so you got some areas that generate a little bit higher production rates than other areas. So it's just a function of the properties of that particular area other reservoir and we're very confident that our down spacing patterns and our approaches that we're testing are going to lead to our best recovery in net present value for those assets.
Billy Helms: Yes, Brian, this is Billy Helms. What we're actually seeing on our new completion approach is by targeting the wells in the better pay zones and then doing a better job of placing the completions along the lateral is we're seeing actually that declines are flattening over time. So little bit less decline over time and I think that's transferring yourself all through the company level I think as the base of production gets more material and larger and relative to the new wells we're bringing on that our -- our production decline is flattening over time as well. So I think we're seeing a lot of advantages to this new completion technique that we're still yet to fully realize and will material with time.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. We continue to believe that current oil process will discourage oil exploration and development worldwide and will encourage demand growth. This will correct the current oversupply situation and the market will continue to rebalance. We believe there is more upside to the forward curve than downside. In summary, here are some important points to take away from this call. First, EOG remains disciplined. We are committed to maintaining our strong balance sheet. We do not plan to increase 2015 CapEx. And at recent oil price, our CapEx to discretionary cash flow will be balanced for the remainder of the year. Second, the company's priority remains clearly focused on returns. We have directed 2015 capital to our highest oil return plays, which generate 35% or better after-tax rates of return at $55 WTI price environment. Returns are improving on each of these assets as we go forward. Well costs are going down and well productivity is going up. Even as oil prices have retreated, our direct rates of return are improving, and EOG will be more than competitive in the world markets as we go forward. Third, we continue to organically grow reserve potential in our existing plays through down spacing and completion enhancements. We believe that Eagle Ford, Delaware Basin, and Bakken, will continue to grow in drilling potential. We are also optimistic that we will find new potential through our exploration efforts. As we test and confirm meaningful results, we will update you with new potential reserve estimates in the future. Fourth, we've said all along that we are preparing to return to growth in 2016 when oil prices improve. If we have $65 WTI price environment in 2016, we can presume our strong double-digit oil growth profile with a balance CapEx to discretionary cash flow program. And finally, EOG is in this business for the long-term. We've not made short-term decisions this year that would hinder our future growth. This year, we are even more committed to advancements in the technology, exploration, cost reduction, and operational execution. The company is building on the culture that has set EOG apart and resetting the bar to be successful in a lower commodity price environment. As we look to the future, we fully expect to remain the North America growth leader and the peer leader in returns on capital employed. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, thanks for the question. Yes, the reason we've deferred the completions is to really substantially increase the rate of return. So as we go forward this year, it's really important for us to be patient and allow the prices to continue to firm up. As I've said, every -- the first $10 in oil price increase with a six months deferral is a $300,000 net PV add to typical well. So we want to make sure that we allow prices to firm up and that the prices will continue to be firm and not short-term. And then on a -- we are -- as you see, we're getting significant cost reduction as we go forward. We're gaining on that every day. And we're gaining on well productivity as we go forward. So we don't want to get in a hurry. We want to stay disciplined. We certainly don't want to jump, start completions, and the price may be fall back. So if the forward curve continues to stay firm, then our plan, as we said, is to begin completing wells in the third quarter. And we will really look at what the outlook on 2016 prices are that's what we're targeting and that's what we're really focusing on. So we'll just continue to watch the fundamentals and certainly we want to be convinced that they're strong going forward. And we'll really make the call for the third quarter activity probably July or so after we get a little bit more data.
Bill Thomas: Yes, we're going to -- I guess the answer to that, Doug, is we're going to be really patient and disciplined about it and kind of gradually increase the activities we go forward, making sure that the price is going to hold up. And we really do, as a company, EOG we're very, very focused on returns. So every time that price increases a little bit and every time we get the productivity wells up and get the cost down, we're making higher returns so there is no use pushing that too quickly. And so the ramp up will be, as we talked about, the production shape is going to be U-shaped this year and the second and third quarters will be the low point, but the fourth quarter, with the current plan, is to ramp up production growth and the heading into 2016 on a very strong note.
Bill Thomas: Yes, I'm going to ask Billy Helms, he is very engaged in that process and so he can bring us up to-date on that.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul, that's a good question. And as we head into the last half of this year and think about 2016, we'll be on a pretty good uptick. So what we want to do is get the equipment and the people and place and get the process started certainly very strongly in the second half of the year. And then, when we hit 2016, if oil prices continue to hold up, we will continue to increase our activity accordingly. Of course the goal is and the plan is to continue to remain CapEx to discretionary cash flow balance. And so that will really govern our activity. The stronger the price of oil is they're more obviously capital we'll have to work with and the more we'll continue to increase our activity. As we look at the second part of this year, part of the process will be evaluating is how many drilling rigs to continue to have joint wells versus releasing rigs. And that certainly will be a function of what the oil price is. And so we won't get too far out in front on the drilling side. The 285 DUC that we start the year with most likely over the first half of the year will reduce significantly as we go forward and we'll exit the year, next year, with considerably less DUCs than we’re exiting this year with.
Bill Thomas: Yes, the rates of return that we talk about -- the direct rates of return and we used direct after-tax numbers when we quote our plays, those are on capital for the well cost and the production facilities of that well and that's the only cost in there. Of course the full corporate returns on ROCE are all capital and all capital spent from the history of the company. And so you’ve got legacy gas properties in there and lots of other things in there over time and that's the real difference in the thing. As you -- everybody has noted over the last several years, EOG's ROCE numbers have continued to improve rather strongly, and over the last year, our ROCE numbers were higher certainly than the E&P peer group and they were even higher than the average of the integrators and the majors. So we have one of the strongest track records and one of the strongest ROCEs in the business and that just reflects EOG's continued focus on returns. Rates of return on our capital drives every decision in EOG and it is the fundamental metric that we use to manage the company. So as we talk about this year we're deferring wells that's really just to drive up the returns on our capital and all these things we're doing to decrease well cost and increase productivity are very, very focused on driving up the returns to the company as we go forward. So really that's the main difference.
Bill Thomas: Yes, the reason that we're -- our guidance from the second quarter is down is because we've had a significant reduction in the amount of wells we complete that's really the driver. We were down 39% in completions in the first quarter. And then, in the second quarter, we were down additional 36%. And that is really just a process of deferring the wells and not completing the wells and just really taking off the spin right as we move into the second quarter. So that's really just driving it. And of course those will, we still have maintained our full-year guidance and we'll be making that backup that production backup in the second half of the year and it will be at much higher returns because we are waiting.
Bill Thomas: Yes, it's too early on that to give some guidance on the inventory possibilities but certainly we’re optimistic. There is going to be upside but a little of what we're doing there is we’re using some enhanced identification tools to really identify the very, very best targets in the lower Eagle Ford. The rock quality varies as you go vertically up and down the section and we believe we have the ability to identify better rock in certain parts of the Eagle Ford and then make target selections based on that. So it's not just a geo metric pattern, it really is got a lot of technical work behind it and a lot of high grading as we pick each one of those targets. And so we're really just starting that process and we're optimistic about it but it's really too early to give guidance on the amount of upside it might be.
Bill Thomas: Yes, that's definitely true. We're hopeful that it will continue to build our inventory up. We have to prove that but certainly that is strong possibility.
Bill Thomas: Pearce, we get that question quite a bit and we've looked at it and talked about it internally and we've not tried any refracts. Our outlook on that is that it really -- technically, we believe that just drilling a new well and kind of starting fresh and making sure your lateral is in the very best target and making sure that you can redistribute the frac very evenly along the wellbore with the new well is probably the preferred way to go. We just think that the upside on the completion will be much greater than if you try to refract the well. Then the other thing, obviously that contributes to that is the well cost on the drilling side is we can see are just getting lower and lower and becoming a smaller percentage of the total well cost. So drilling a new well from the drilling side standpoint is just a pretty low-cost item today. And there is a lot more upside in just drilling the well -- redrilling the well and doing it right.
Bill Thomas: No, it Pearce, it depends on how much longer this goes. If we were ramping up here in the next month or two, I think you can ramp up pretty rapidly. And that's why many of those operators are trying to keep as many services in place even if reduced work levels just to maintain that support that service companies. So as we've said before, yes, we’ll be able to ramp there pretty rapidly on our production with just our DUCs that we have in inventory. But then it will take possibly a little longer just from the drilling site.
Bill Thomas: Marshall, the W pattern we will do multiple pilots patterns on that and it really will apply to I think the bulk of our Eagle Ford acreage. And what we're doing is we’re bringing the wells in. We've been drilling wells anywhere from 3 to 500 feet apart in our typical patterns, but we're bringing those closer. And we'll be doing that at various spacing closer than 3 to 500 feet and it really will vary a bit on the spacing depending on the area. But the general concept of taking out multiple targets within the lower Eagle Ford using these advanced techniques to identify the best rock will be apical across the bulk of our acreage.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Marshall, we're certainly evaluating that all along and we're really again a bit more optimistic about forward curves even then it is today. But we want to put some hedges in going into next year. And we'll just be looking at that and trying to find the opportunistic entry point as we kind of go forward. So really kind of watch the fundamentals of supply and demand and really pick the point that we think is the right point to make an entry there.
Bill Thomas: We’re very excited about what’s happening in EOG this year. We said at the beginning of the year that when this downturn started that we wanted to emerge in better shape than we entered it. And what you’re seeing today and what we're reporting today is exactly that happening. And in my 36 years with the company, I’ve never seen a company respond better. The company is driving down the cost and improving the productivity of the wells rapidly and whether oil prices remain where they are today or continue to improve, EOG is resetting the bar to be successful for many years to come, and we thank -- so thank you for listening today and thank you for all your support.
