Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG’s SEC filings. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions and reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures can be found on EOG’s website. This conference call also include estimated resource potential, not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC’s reserve reporting guidelines. Participating on the call this morning are Ezra Yacob, Chief Executive Officer; Billy Helms, President and Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP, Exploration and Production; Jeff Leitzell, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP, Marketing; and David Streit, VP, Investor Relations. Here is Ezra.
Tim Driggers: Yes. This is Tim. As far as the bond, that is 2023. It’s in the first quarter of 2023 is when that will mature. We have no plans to pay it off early. As far as the collateral they run off kind of like the hedges that we’ve given you the timing of when those hedges are in our 10-Q. So it kind of runs off as that timing comes off. It all depends, of course, on where the strip goes, how that comes off. But right now, it’s based on the strip, and that would be how it would come off, just as those run off.
Tim Driggers: Sure. Paul, as far as the proposal we’re in the process of reviewing that as is everyone else currently. But specifically looking at the minimum tax proposal, we do not see that is having any detriment to EOGs. We are a full taxpayer already, so as we model it currently, it will have no impact on EOG.
Billy Helms: Thanks Ezra. We posted outstanding results in the second quarter. Our performance included exceeding the midpoints of our production guidance while capital expenditures and total per unit operating cost beat forecasted targets. So once again, more oil for less capital. I’d like to thank our employees for their dedication and persistence to execute and deliver such outstanding results. As we have guided to all year, our oil growth year-over-year will be about 4% to return our production to pre-COVID levels. Halfway through the year, we’re on track to deliver that objective and have done so against a challenging supply chain backdrop. The upper price pressure on steel, fuel and labor continues due to ongoing supply constraints initiated by COVID and extended by the war in Ukraine. The impact of this has resulted in inflationary headwinds that have meaningfully exceeded our initial expectations earlier this year, making it increasingly challenging to maintain flat well cost. However, our employees continue to innovate and deliver efficiencies that offset a significant portion of this inflationary pressure. For example, in our Delaware Basin drilling operation, our down-hole drilling motor program is providing solid performance improvements, generating a 13% year-over-year increase in the foots drilled promoter run. The motor program and other improvements, are reducing drilling times versus last year. In the Eagle Ford, our drilling teams have improved the footage drilled per day by 11% versus last year, while also managing drilling parameters to reduce the cost of drilling fluids by 10%. In our completion operations, we had previously discussed the company’s plans to increase the use of super-zipper completions, which are 40% faster than normal zipper operations. We have now utilized this technique on about 65% of EOG’s completed wells year-to-date, which is yielding an 11% improvement in the lateral footage completed per day. Super-zipper completions combined with our focus on more efficient operational practices, has increased the amount of pumping hours per day by 24%. In addition, we continue to progress our self-sourced sand program and expect to further reduce sand cost in the second half of the year and extend those savings into 2023. All in all, we now expect our well cost to see a modest, single digit increase over last year. And most of this increase will be seen in the second half of the year. However, we’re able to leverage our operational flexibility within our multi-basin portfolio, such that our capital and volume plan remains unchanged. Now turning to the macro backdrop, oil field service capacity remains extremely tight and is further constrained by the limited availability of materials and experienced labor, driving uncertainty in the cost of services, not only for this year, but also for 2023. These constraints are more concentrated in areas with the highest activities such as the Permian Basin. EOG’s multi-basin portfolio provides us the flexibility to manage these constraints by optimizing activity between our multiple plays to maximize our return on investment. Just as in the past EOG will play to its strengths to mitigate where possible the inflationary pressure and operational constraints facing us. We’re currently taking steps to secure services for next year, and we’ll know more about the 2023 outlook next quarter. Regarding production growth, it’s too early to discuss next year’s plans with any degree of precision. However, it is important to recognize we will maintain our discipline. And as we see things today, would expect low, single digit oil growth similar to this year. On the natural gas side, we’re excited about the results of our South Texas Dorado play and its ability to play an increasing role in supplying the growing demand of petrochemical and LNG markets along the Gulf Coast. As we allocate future capital based on returns, this play will command additional investment, not only to meet the growing demand, but also for infrastructure needed to capture the value chain from the wellhead to the market center. These investments not only generate healthy returns, but ultimately lead to lower well cost and lower long-term unit operating cost. We also expect to fund our emerging and promising exploration plays as we improve the company for the future. Now here is Ken to give you an update on our emissions reductions effort.
Billy Helms: Yes. Leo, this is Billy Helms. Yes, the small change in well count is really just a result of two things, one is timing. Some of the wells that were scheduled to complete at year-end are going to slip into the next year. It’s just a timing thing. The other factor that plays into that is a change in working interest in some of our plays. We’ve had slightly lower working interest in some of our Delaware Basin wells in the second half of the year. Just to illustrate how minimal that is, that’s only about a 2% average change in working interest across the year. So it’s a very minuscule amount, but that explains the change in the well count. As far as the CapEx, we’re very pleased, as you can tell from the comments we made about the ability of our teams to continue to innovate and drive efficiencies in our business to offset inflation. Inflation turns out to be just a little bit higher than we anticipated this year, so we are going to see a slight increase in our well cost as we go through especially the second half of the year, but we’re still confident we’re going to stay within our guidance and don’t expect to face additional costs that will increase our budget.
Billy Helms: Yes, Arun, this is Billy. As far as capital allocation, as we see it today, there’s a lot of factors play into that, of course, and it’s early to say where we’re going to be still we’ll have quite a bit of activity in the Delaware Basin going forward. It is a premier play in the company, and certainly, that will continue to command quite a bit of capital. Eagle Ford has been, as you know, a performance engine for the company for the last decade or longer. And that will – and they’re generating outstanding results. So that will still command capital. As we compare – we allocate capital based on returns and certainly, the encouragement we’re seeing from Dorado and the activity there is showing us the ability to be able to continue to fund that program going forward. And then the confidence we have in the new emerging Powder River Basin gives us a sense that, that will also come in quite a bit of activity. So the ratios, I would say, are going to stay similar. As far as the Powder River Basin and our overall capital plan, that will depend on the outlook for commodities at that time, but the – what we’re going to see in the Powder, just to be clear, is a shift of activity from some of their older traditional plays, the Turner and the Parkman to some of the deeper, more emerging plays and then Mowry more specifically and the Nio. So you’ll see that shift. The amount of capital allocated to that play will also depend on just the commodity price outlook that we see for the year once we get closer to that. But overall, we’re – the takeaway from that, I would think, would be that the flexibility we have with the multiple plays we have to chase to continue to add value long-term to the shareholders.
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, this is Billy Helms. So for Trinidad, we’ve had, as you know, a long successful history of really maintaining pretty much flat production with minimal investment, and it generates quite a bit of cash for the company – cash flow for the company. So it’s been a very successful project for multiple decades now. We still see exploration opportunities and are still counting on exploration success going forward just based on the things we see today. The small guide down in gas production, especially in the next, say, the rest of this year, is based on some turnaround projects we have on some of the compressor stations and platforms in the field. So it’s just an operational issue really in the manifest in the third quarter mainly. So -- but as we start to drill some of these exploration wells, we still have confidence that production base will continue.
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott, this is Billy Helms, again. On the inflation question, I think I would distinguish a little bit there. I think we’re recognizing the inflation that everybody else in the industry is seeing. We’re able to combat that really through a lot of the efficiencies we drive through our business. And that’s really a result of the culture we have of continuous improvement and the quality of the staff we have in each of our operating divisions. So now the contracting strategy has always been a long-term thing for EOG. We worked with our vendors, our partners on the service side. And our contracts are always a little bit staggered so that all the contracts don’t roll off at the same time. That gives us a lot of flexibility to also manage the commodity cycles to make sure we have a consistent operating performance level going into the year. We always start about this time of year. So I wouldn’t say we’re starting any earlier than we typically do. I think we always started sometime here in the middle part of the year to start securing services for the next year as we see things play out. We take opportunities as we see those emerge to make arrangements with vendors and our service partners to secure those services in the upcoming year and that determines the level of services that we secure for next year’s well cost. We typically like to think about securing about 50% to 60% of the well cost ahead of any given year. And that range depends on the opportunities we see with service partners to lock in those services. This year, we expect to be somewhat the same as we go into next year, but it -- we’ll see as we get closer to the year-end, but that’s how we see the inflation. Obviously, we expect with the tightness in the market, we’re going to see some additional inflationary pressure going into next year. So just anticipating that, we could see another uptick in our well cost going into next year, but we expect to, again, moderate a lot of that with our efficiency gains.
Billy Helms: Yes, Neal, this is Billy. Certainly, on the self-source sand, you named one of the primary ones. It’s a big part of our program. We’ve been doing that, as you might remember, for more than a decade. And what we’ve been able to do is find ways to get the source of the sand closer and closer to the wellhead, minimizing not only the cost of the product, but also the transportation involved in getting it to the wellhead. We are expanding that through the rest of the year such that we’ll be able to continue to supply greater and greater amounts from our own self-sourced mines, so we’re excited about the growth in that. Other areas that we self source, there’s a number of them. I mentioned briefly in the prepared comments, a note to our efforts to take control of the drilling motors that we use in our drilling operation. That’s a small thing maybe, but it’s a big driver of performance when it comes to that part of the business. And we recognized that a couple of years ago, built up some expertise in our staff to address that. We worked specifically to not only design, but also build and oversee the maintenance of those motors that ultimately drives the improved performance and we’re seeing great results from that program. And that’s another differentiator in our drilling performance that allows us to continue to offset inflation. Some of the other things, as you know, we’ve been managing our tubular inventory for many, many years as well. we deal directly with the steel mills, which gives us a lot of advantages in the sense of having some clarity or some certainty on the market and kind of what that’s indicating to get ahead of issues where we see it, take advantage of opportunities to secure those at lower cost and make sure that we have pipe for our programs on a go-forward basis. So those are maybe a couple of other things that would give you some color on what we’re doing.
Billy Helms: Yes, Jeanine, this is Billy Helms. That particular acquisition is really just an opportunity we found to bolt-on some largely primarily acreage in some of our exploration plays, very little if no production on those plays. And it just is another way that we can continue to add and grow at a low cost our exploration opportunity set that we see in the future of the company.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Lance. We believe EOG is differentiated for the following reasons. We have a diverse portfolio of assets across multiple basins providing geographic and product diversity. We are a reliable and consistent high performing operator. We have among the lowest cost structures. We are committed to sustainability. We maintain an exceptional balance sheet. Our cash return strategy is transparent. Our regular dividend is competitive with the broader market. And finally, the EOG culture is one of a kind and it’s at the core of our differentiated performance. We believe there are only a handful of North American E&P companies that have the asset quality, the size, the scale to compete globally on oil and gas cost of supply. And on top of that, produce the barrels with a lower environmental footprint. In the future, those are the companies that the world is going to want to deliver additional barrels. And we firmly believe that EOG is a leader in that group of North American E&Ps. Thanks for listening. We’ll now go to Q&A.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Leo, this is Ezra. I appreciate your question. Really, what we’ve always talked about is that our growth is really the output of our ability to generate high returns from a disciplined reinvestment strategy. And that’s really what we’ve tried to describe today is as you pointed out, first of all, it is early to talk about 2023. But ultimately, we’re committed to remaining disciplined. We want to focus investment in each of our assets at a level where they can continue to improve every year. Directionally, as we see it today, how the supply and demand balances look, the constraints on services, the associated inflationary pressures, oil growth will likely be similar to this year. And as Billy highlighted, we’d expect to direct additional investment towards our Dorado natural gas play based on the positive results that we’re seeing there.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Scott, this is Ezra. Just a little bit of color on that. Obviously, the Board decides the dividend each quarter. They review our business needs, the macro environment, the cash position, so on and so forth. And as you said, the $1.50 per share special this quarter, which brings the total dividend commitment to right at $7.30 per share is on pace to achieve the minimum of a 60% free cash flow return. And I think that’s the emphasis on there is that the 60% is a minimum. Ultimately, it’s up to the Board, like I said, to return additional cash in 2022. The way to think about those early terminations of the hedges is really a reflection, I think, of our confidence in improving the financial profile of the company. Our ability to navigate inflationary pressures this year flexibility to allocate capital across multiple resource plays, which are each delivering exceptional returns and really our ability to continue to lower the cost base of the company. These are all things that deliver expanded free cash flow opportunities for EOG.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra. Thank you for the question. Basically, we evaluate a buyback just like any other investment decision. And really, what we do is we look to see how it’s going to create long-term shareholder value. And as you highlighted and as we’ve discussed previously, the $5 billion share repurchase authorization that we have in place, we’ve talked about using it opportunistically. And what that means for us is using it during times of what we would say are significant dislocations in the market. And that’s as opposed to a more programmatic system. And quite frankly, this year, during Q2, we didn’t really see a what we would say was a significant dislocation. We definitely witnessed a lot of volatility, I think, rather than a dislocation. The volatility was due -- is driven by changes to the oil inventories that we saw that was really due to the SPR releases. We saw some concern over demand destruction associated with the inflationary pressures across the broad market. We saw some potential for weaker demand associated with the uptick of COVID cases. But ultimately, in our view, these are all kind of short-term events that really don’t change the fundamental supply and demand picture.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug, we haven’t released that and we did remove the breakeven slide from earlier this year, because of the significant change in gas prices that have gone on in the first six months of the year. The best thing I can point to is the fact that we continue to bring on lower-cost reserves, basically focused on the premium and double premium wells into the cost base of the company. You can look at the reduction in our unit costs and the reduction in our DD&A rate year-over-year to kind of infer the reduction in our breakevens.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Doug. The first thing I would say is that, that’s right, I think it’s stating the obvious that that I feel that our stock is undervalued right now. But again we look at that buyback and investment in that buyback we compare it against other opportunities in the business to create shareholder value – long-term shareholder value. And when we do that, when we compare it versus reinvesting in the business drilling these double premium, these premium wells at a 30% and a 60% direct after tax rate return based on $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. It’s a very, very high hurdle. So when we think about what can create longer term value for the shareholder, we see the benefit of reinvesting in the business, driving down our long-term well cost, lowering the break evens as we talked about has a very, very competitive portion of allocation. Now with regards on the transitory nature comparison with the transferring nature of a special dividend, I think again it goes back to the way that we look at the buyback with regard to our shareholders. Buying repurchasing shares during a volatile movement in the stock price, I think our shareholders prefer to have the assurity of special dividends coming back to them as opposed to us trying to time the volatility in the markets. Now that’s different from what – again, I would go back to what we call a significant market dislocation, where I think though you’d have an opportunity there that would compete very favorably to create long-term shareholder value.
Ezra Yacob: Jeanine, thanks for the question. Good question too as timely. The exports especially for crude oil has been an important component of our marketing strategy, but when you really look just from an industry standpoint too, I mean, refiners in the U.S. are not expanding. I mean, if anything it’s degrading, right? I mean, we’re seeing our market share; you’re seeing refineries shutting down. You’re seeing refiners that are being repurposed and so we had a view going all the way back to 2018 that we wanted to have a significant export position that we could access from multiple plays. And I know one of your questions there was just, how do we think about the Delaware Basin? Or how do we think about the Eagle Ford? And you’re exactly right, that was all in our contracting that we wanted to be able to have a large position that we could access from both of those plays. So if you think about it today, we have that 250,000 and yes, that facility is expandable. But we have 5 million barrels of storage. I mean, we can segregate WTL, WTI; we can segregate our Eagle Ford. I mean, we are in a premier position as we think about from a low cost and being in early with our tankage position and then also with the capacity that we have out of the Delaware Basin from a transport position and also from the Eagle Ford. So what I would say is we can – we can transact very quickly. We have tankage that’s in place, and so if we feel the need that we needed to push more across, that’s absolutely something that we could do.
Ezra Yacob: Yes. We want to thank everyone for participating in the call this morning and thanks to our shareholders for their continued support. We especially want to recognize our employees for their performance this quarter. Our discussion today highlights their focus on making EOG a low cost operator, generating high returns and lowering our environmental footprint each and every year. Thank you.
