William R. Thomas: Thanks, Tim. EOG is driven by returns. Our goal is to earn return on capital employed that is not only the best among our peers in the E&P industry, but also competitive with the best companies outside our industry. Premium returns and capital discipline are how we reach that goal. Furthermore, by executing our premium capital allocation standard and practicing capital discipline, we believe we can sustain competitive ROCE throughout the commodity price cycle. Earning sustainable ROCE is how we deliver long-term shareholder value. First, I'd like to discuss our premium capital allocation standard. As a reminder, for a well to be classified as premium requires a 30% direct after-tax rate of return and a flat $40 oil price. Premium wells have low finding and development cost per Boe and the premium reserves we've been adding are beginning to make a significant difference in our bottom line results. In addition, the full benefit of our current inventory of premium location has not been fully realized. As we continue to drill premium wells and add low costs reserves, our DD&A rate will continue to fall. We also believe we will continue to reduce completed well costs and operating costs in 2018, which Billy Helms will update you on shortly. As a result, we are in a position to generate healthy financial returns even in a moderate oil price environment. When you couple this with increasing oil prices, like those we are seeing today, the potential for generating higher ROCE accelerates. Second, EOG's capital discipline governs our growth. Disciplined growth means not adding overpriced or poor performing services and equipment in order to grow. Disciplined growth means not growing so fast that we outrun the technical learning curve and leave significant reserve value in the ground. Disciplined growth means operating at a pace that allows EOG to sustainably lower costs and improve well productivity, instead of growing so fast that costs go up and well productivity goes down. EOG's disciplined growth is driven and incentivized by returns and not growth for growth's sake. Our strong growth is an expression of generating strong returns first. And finally, EOG's disciplined growth maintains a strong balance sheet. We will not issue new equity or debt to fund capital expenditures or the dividend. In 2017, we grew high return U.S. oil production 20%, paid the dividend, reduced our debt, and generated over $200 million in free cash flow. Remarkably, we delivered those results, while oil prices averaged a modest $50. Throughout the downturn, our goal was to reset the company to be successful in a lower oil price environment. We shifted to premium drilling in 2016 and the power of our premium drilling is now evident in our 2017 bottom line results. We believe this sets EOG apart as one of the most capital efficient and disciplined growth companies in the U.S. Here are more highlights from 2017. Our premium well level returns are reflected in our bottom line results. We significantly improved net income, cash flow, and ROCE. Our commitment to exploration-driven organic growth drove increases to premium net resource potential of 2.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent from an additional 2,000 net premium drilling locations, which is nearly 4 times the number of wells completed in 2017. We increased proved reserves 18%, replacing more than 200% of last year's production at low finding and development cost, which lowered our company DD&A rate by 12%. Due to sustainable cost initiatives, we continued to lower total well costs and operating costs. And additionally, as a result of the board's confidence in EOG's future performance and exploration prospects, we approved a 10% dividend increase. 2017 was just the start of realizing the full benefit of premium drilling. In 2018, we'll improve in every category we use to measure performance internally. Capital efficiency is up. All-in rate of return and PVI are better, and all-in finding costs are lower this year than last year. In 2018, we expect to earn double-digit ROCE, deliver strong disciplined organic production growth, and substantial free cash flow. EOG is a high return organic growth company. We have expanded our industry lead in both returns and growth, and we are excited about the future. Up next to provide details on our operational performance in 2017 and preview the 2018 game plan is Billy Helms.
William R. Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In closing, I will leave you with a few important takeaways. First, the size and quality of our horizontal assets are unmatched in the industry. In 2018, we have active drilling programs across nine high-quality premium plays. EOG has the unique flexibility to allocate capital to maximize returns by adjusting to changing market conditions and managing each asset's development pace with technical and cost reduction discipline. Second, in 2018, we have a robust exploration program underway in multiple basins, with more capital allocated to this process than in recent years. Our long history of horizontal drilling and vast proprietary database combined with an innovative EOG culture are working together to make EOG the leader in organic generation of new and better premium drilling inventory. Third, EOG is a leader in capital discipline with a relentless focus on returns. We are committed to delivering industry-leading high-return organic oil growth, committed to our dividend, and committed to reducing debt, while generating significant free cash flow in 2018. And finally, the power of premium has placed us among the low-cost producers in the global oil market. Our potential for financial returns, operational performance, and overall capital efficiency is much better today than before the downturn. In 2018, we are poised for strong, disciplined growth. More importantly, we are positioned to reach our goal of returning to double-digit ROCE performance, which is competitive not only with our peers in the E&P industry, but also with the broader market. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
William R. Thomas: Leo, this is Bill Thomas. Yeah, certainly our priorities haven't changed. Our first priority is to use free cash flow and reinvest in the high-return drilling. And we think this is the best way to continue to improve the company, to increase ROCE, and the shareholder value. The one caveat on that is we're not going to ramp-up spending at the cost of returns. We want to maintain the efficiencies and the cost that we built into the system, and in fact, we want to continue to improve. So we want to go at a pace that our well productivity continues to improve. It's improved this year over last year and our rates of return in our 2018 plan are improved this year over last year, and that's because we continue to reduce costs and increase productivity. And so we want to continue to do that and continue to reinvest. That's our first priority. The second is, as Tim mentioned, we want to continue to firm up our balance sheet. Really, our goal is to have an impeccable balance sheet and we're going to pay off the bond this year and as we go forward, we want to incrementally continue to reduce debt and firm up the balance sheet. This gives us so much flexibility. It's served us so well during the last downturn. We didn't have to issue equity or we didn't cut the dividend. We want to be a consistent deliverer of shareholder value throughout the commodity cycles. And it does position us to take advantage of opportunities for maybe an acquisition. We continue to look at those, but also, as you mentioned, we are very organic, prolific, generating company and we have a lot of exploration and step-out testing going on this year. We collect a lot of core data, and our goal with all that is to find better and better inventory than we currently have. We think that is investments into the future of the company and those are very, very important to us getting better. So we want to be able to take advantage of that. And then our third priority is our commitment to the dividend. We have a strong commitment to the dividend. We've increased it 17 times over the last year. As we've said, we increased it this quarter and our board is committed to continuing to increase our shareholder value certainly through better ROCEs in the future, and through our commitment to the dividend. So those are all the priorities we have and we're going to stay focused on that and stay focused on getting better as we go forward.
William R. Thomas: Yeah, I'd just like to add to what Billy said. I think, historically – I've been with the company 39 years now, I don't really remember many years when well costs were going up in EOG. And so I think we've got a lot of confidence in our ability to continue to hold and even reduce costs as we go forward.
William R. Thomas: I would say, Phillips, we have continually learned to have variable targets as we develop the Eagle Ford. We have the Lower Eagle Ford and the Upper Eagle Ford and the multiple targets, and we continue to learn to place those better. And we also are learning to manage the parent/child relationship even down to wells that are as close as 200 feet apart. So it's managing the pattern sizes, the timing of the completions, the targeting, and the way that you spatially locate the targets in these W patterns. We're really proud of our folks in San Antonio. They continue to make really strong technical learning in the Eagle Ford and our costs are going down too. So our Eagle Ford returns just consistently every year are going up, and that's the way we want to develop all of our assets, that we're constantly improving and making them better.
William R. Thomas: We're not going to give a number out on ROCE, but I'll tell you, we feel very good about that double-digit ROCE. The company is in great position this year and we're really confident that we're going to be able to deliver that number.
William R. Thomas: You're looking at it correctly. We're getting better every year. The 2017 metrics versus the 2018 metrics, the 2018 metrics are better in every way. So we're able to deliver a very, very strong growth at lower oil prices going forward. So you're looking at that correctly. We have a very strong, I think incredible, high return inventory in place, and we really believe our quality of inventory is going to increase over time and our costs are going to continue to go down. So I think what you can look for us to do is just keep updating this 2020 outlook that we have, and I think we're very hopeful that we will keep outperforming the outlook guidance going forward.
William R. Thomas: Yes. In closing, just like to conclude by saying, 2017 results were outstanding and we believe 2018 will be even better. The company is driven by strong returns and is poised to deliver in 2018 and beyond. We have a sustainable business model and we're excited about EOG's ability to create long-term shareholder value. So thank you for listening, and thank you for your support.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Thanks, Bill. The progress we've made on our capital cost structure, operational cost structure, and overall capital efficiency these last three years during the downturn has been phenomenal. EOG has never been more efficient in its history. Surviving a downturn is always challenging, but it also creates many opportunities for improvement. Like many in the industry, we realize the benefits of lower service cost. But the bigger opportunity was to lower our cost structure through operational efficiencies. It never fails when EOG enters a downturn, we resurface on the other side as a more efficient, leaner and better company. It's the one reason to get excited about a down cycle. We slow down and take a critical look at how we can improve every aspect of our business. In 2018, we expect to deliver 18% oil growth, 16% total equivalent growth, with a $5.6 billion capital program. Our 2018 capital plan includes tests of several new plays and an expansion of our more recently announced emerging plays. We've increased activity in each area at a deliberate pace designed to maintain our capital efficiency achieved in recent years. We will not increase activity if it means eroding our operational performance or increasing our well cost. In 2017, we set our sights on drilling longer laterals and larger well packages. Determining the most efficient number of wells to drill and complete together is essential to maximizing the recovery and net present value of the whole asset. Those efforts will expand in 2018. Our average lateral will be 8% longer this year, and we expect the average size of our well packages to more than double. Larger well packages and increased use of multi-well pads increase the inventory of wells needed to stay ahead of our completion crews. Therefore, activity and inventory will build, particularly in the first quarter, and there will be fewer wells brought online in the first half of the year compared to the second half. More specifically, only 27 net wells were brought online in January, so first quarter volumes were down sequentially. However, the pace of volume growth will be fairly balanced for the remaining three quarters. During 2017, we opportunistically contracted with the most efficient service providers and secured a large portion of our 2018 services during favorable market conditions. This was a rate of return decision to lock in low cost as we move into a year where we expect to see increased industry activity and potential price inflation. We secured 85% of our drilling rigs at very favorable rates compared to the current market, and under these agreements, we maintain flexibility with our favored vendors to adjust, should market conditions dictate. We've locked in 80% of our casing needs with prices 15% to 20% below the current market. We also locked in 60% of our frac fleets below current market prices, and we have more diverse and local sources of frac sand, and sand unit costs are expected to decrease by 15% year-over-year. Beyond contracted service costs, we're confident we can further improve operational efficiencies in a number of areas. During the downturn, we took the opportunity to upgrade our rig fleet to one of the most modern and efficient in the industry. On the completion side, we expect to complete 5% to 10% more wells per frac fleet this year, despite longer laterals. We also continue to expand our water infrastructure and reuse program, which is expected to reduce well cost in some areas by another $100,000 per well. Through these and other efforts, we are building on our momentum from last year when we reduced well costs 7% across active areas. This year, we expect to reduce completed well costs an additional 5% across the board. This is unique in the industry, as I expect that we are one of the few companies that will have decreased well cost in both 2017 and 2018. We also expect to see downward pressure on our unit operating cost, reducing LOE, transportation, and DD&A driven by infrastructure, information technology, and a relentless focus on operating efficiency. 2018 will be another great year for improvements to EOG's capital efficiency, maintaining our position as the low-cost, high-return leader in the E&P industry. I'll now turn the call over to Ezra, who will update you on the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Thanks, David. We replaced more than 200% of our 2017 production at a very low finding cost of $8.71 per Boe, which excludes positive revisions due to commodity price improvements. The proved developed finding cost, excluding leasehold capital and revisions due to price, was $10.73 per Boe. Improving well productivity and sustainable cost reductions drove positive reserve revisions. As a result, our proved reserves increased 380 million barrels of oil equivalent, or 18% year-over-year. Our ability to consistently add reserves at low cost demonstrates the tremendous capital efficiency gains we made through the downturn from our permanent shift to premium drilling and laser focus on cost reductions. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss the new tax law, financials, and capital structure.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yeah, Leo, this is Billy Helms. Yeah, the San Antonio division, our Eagle Ford division really operates both the Eagle Ford and the Austin Chalk. And if you look at the two combined, well volumes were up slightly for both Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk. The Eagle Ford position, as you mentioned, it is a growth asset for the company and we expect that to grow into 2018. But last year the mix of the wells was balanced between the Eagle Ford and the Austin Chalk, and together they did grow.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yeah, Scott. This is Billy Helms. Yeah, basically as we ramp up activity there in the first half of the year and start drilling longer laterals in these bigger packages of wells, it requires that we build inventory for our completion crews more so than we've seen in the past. So that delay is really what's affected our first quarter's production.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Scott, it's really a couple of things. One is, certainly, the service costs, we are not interested in paying high prices for services. And so we work really hard, like we've done this year, to mitigate increases, and actually going to decrease them this year – total well costs, we're going to decrease total well costs by locking in really strong services at below-market rates. And the other thing is going too fast and outpacing our technical learning curve. And so in every one of these plays – and we've been doing this for two decades now – we've learned to take a systematic approach and not really switch in to what some people would call a manufacturing mode, because we want to continue to learn and we want to continue to get better. And if you just lock yourself into a manufacturing mode, you could be locking yourself into drilling a large amount of wells in the wrong way. And so we continue to learn to place the wells at different spacing vertically and laterally, and our goal is to maximize NPV on those. So that can only go at a certain pace too. So we're very careful. Everything we do in the company is driven by increasing returns, and that is the focus of, as you all know, EOG and that's what we're doing.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: I think, Subash, you're correct. We're really in great shape in the Permian, sand, water, takeaway, all those things. And the real thing we're focused on and really what makes a difference in our well productivity versus the industry is our ability to execute in a complex geologic setting, and continue to stay flexible and to learn and to continue to focus on cost reduction. And so those are the things that, I think, we've been fortunate to learn over our two decades in drilling horizontal wells and we're putting those to good use in the Permian.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yeah, Brian, this is Billy Helms. Yeah, in the Eagle Ford, we're very pleased with the rate of return and the program. And this last year was a really good year for them where they continue to learn and develop our learnings there quite a bit over the last year. The growth there in the Eagle Ford – the Eagle Ford is really a pretty stable platform for us to continue to slightly grow over the time as we develop that, but we've got some of these other areas that we're also very interested in growing and applying our learnings to to continue to benefit from the learnings that really kind of started in the Eagle Ford. We're also, as a result of the activity in the Eagle Ford, we are improving our well cost, and the well count is actually going up more so than rigs in the Eagle Ford versus that. The other thing that's important to note on the Eagle Ford too, remember, is that 99% of our acreage there is HBP, so we have a lot of flexibility in how we manage our activity levels in the Eagle Ford.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yeah, Brian, this is Billy Helms, again. Yeah, I think the thing that's unique about EOG in some aspects, we did lock in services certainly at the low cost. A lot of people are able to take advantage of the service cost declines, but I think the thing that's a little bit unique in EOG is our culture of continuous improvement that we really focus relentlessly on improving every aspect of our business, our drilling times, lowering our completed well costs by completing more of the lateral every day with each stage. We also self-source 25% to 30% of our well costs, so we do a lot of things that enable us to continue to make steady improvements in our well costs. And we can't be more proud of our operational teams as they continue to strive to do that.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yeah, this is Billy Helms. I think what you're seeing is a result of the increased activity there in the Delaware Basin relative to the overall program. We're increasing our activity mostly to grow the potential we see in the Delaware. So the mix of wells within the capital budget is different. Then the other thing that's in our capital budget, and Bill alluded to this earlier, we are testing some new plays. And so early on in new plays, we do collect some science data, cores and microseismic in places, 3D seismic, those kind of things that add into our capital program that would not be typical in just a normal development program.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: We haven't really looked at how many wells per quarter. I just know that the well count in the first quarter is low relative to the rest of the quarters, and it's really due to the ramp-up and activity that we see at the start of the year. And drilling these larger packages with longer laterals and getting the inventory back in where we need it for this level of activity, you just have less wells coming online in the first quarter relative to the rest of the year. So we're very confident in our plan and the volumes that we played out and the guidance we've given. And we expect to be able to deliver that within our program we've laid out.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Yeah, Scott, this is Ezra. Yeah, we're increasing the package size of these wells in both the Eagle Ford and Permian. And we're increasing this – the focus really is on maximizing the NPV of the sections and returns. And so when we plan these packages, we want to plan them large enough that they take advantage of the increased operational efficiency and cost savings that come with that. But at the same time, we don't want to increase them to the size and scale where they take so long that we cannot incorporate learnings from one set of wells to the next. As you know, we like to collect an awful lot of real-time data and incorporate that into the next wells that we drill. And so really it's kind of a balancing act between those two things. As we highlighted, in the Permian, we'll be more than doubling the size of our average package size of wells from two to five.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Yeah, Ryan, this is Ezra again. In the Permian Basin, it's still relatively early in the play development. We're still testing a lot of concepts on spacing and staggering of our targets. It's definitely area-dependent, and then target-dependent as well. But, as we've said in the past, in the Wolfcamp oil window, we're seeing good results with spacings from 500 to 660-foot spacing. It's a little bit different down like in our combo, Wolfcamp combo area, where spacing ranges from more like a 800-foot to 1,000-foot spacing. But again, before we really come out with any greater detail on that, the slowdown in activity kind of slowed down our data collection on that, but we continue to push forward with it.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Yeah, Ryan, again, this is Ezra. So our lateral length actually, so we were able to extend it 20% year-over-year and we're anticipating about another 10% increase here in 2018. Really, as we just continue to make acreage trades and block up our acreage across the basin, you'll continue to see those lateral lengths getting longer and longer. At this point, that's kind of the limiting factor.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Yeah, this is Ezra again. No, I think the last part that you said is right. I think we can more moderately expand the package size. Like I said, it's a real balance there trying to get the package sizes large enough, so that you're maximizing the operational efficiencies that exist with multi-well operations. But we definitely don't want to get them so large that we have to sacrifice being able to – the flexibility to integrate real-time data collection and learnings into our subsequent well packages. And then also we don't want to get into situations where we end up overbuilding facilities to try and solve temporary issues or anything like that. We're much more focused on integrating our learnings from well-to-well. And then the last thing to think about too is, as Bill mentioned previously and being cautious not to get into manufacturing mode, is the size of these packages are going to be very area dependent. It's really complex geologically, and as we've discussed before, we focus a lot on precision targeting and working out the stratigraphy and the complexities of the geology to make sure we're putting these wells in the best targets.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Yeah, Bob, this is Ezra again. I think you hit the nail on the head. That's kind of more a reflection of increasing here recently the percentage of wells drilled down on our combo play in Reeves County. I think the issue of parent/child well performance isn't really anything new. It's a challenge that operators have been faced with since horizontal resource plays have been developing, and we've been collecting data on this topic for almost 20 years now throughout our multiple basins and multiple plays. I think there's not really a single variable to eliminate the issue. I think the way we approach it is it begins with the well planning, that's to say the spacing and targeting, making sure that you get that right for the geology that you're in. Different targets obviously respond differently to how much they affect that parent/child relationship. And then also there are things you can do on the completions and production side, certain techniques and designs, again, to alleviate some of those issues.
