Mark Papa: I'll now provide a few macro comments. Regarding oil, we continue to be, what I'll call, rationally bullish, both short and long term. I'll note that 2010 global oil demand is currently expected to be 86 million barrels a day, the same level as in 2008. So oil demand has recovered from the global recession faster than almost anybody had predicted. The demand mix, of course, has changed, where China, India and the Middle East are bigger drivers than the OECD. Barring a doubled-dip recession will likely outlook for future oil prices. We have a small amount of oil hedged in the fourth quarter and have 6,000 barrels of oil a day hedged at $93.18 for 2011.  North American gas, however, is more opaque. One hopeful sign is that recent U.S. storage has been filling at a net 2.6 Bcf a day lower rate than last year. Since May 1, we've injected 244 Bcf less over 91-day period. Additionally, Canadian storage has swung 128 Bcf year-over-year, or 1.4 Bcf per day during the same period. Combined, this is a four Bcf a day storage tightening year-over-year since May 1. This may be due to either hot weather, strengthening industrial demand or supply declines.  We're also encouraged by the last two EIA-914 report showing flat production, which matches our internal models. We continue to be moderately bullish regarding short-term gas prices. We currently have 150 MMBtu per day hedged for 2011 at an average $5.44 price and 100 million BTU per day hedged for 2012 at an average of $5.44. Now let me summarize. In my opinion, there are two points to take away from this call. First, our conversion from a natural gas weighted to an oil weighted North American company is proceeding very well. All of our oil plays are performing similarly to what was presented in our April Analyst Conference, and we've now added a new Leonard Shale play. You'll recall that in our April conference, we specifically noted that our oil production growth would be lumpy and not in a straight line quarter-to-quarter and that's exactly what is occurring. This is the nature of the development of these horizontal assets for maximum reserve recovery, whereby we drill and complete a group of five to 15 wells together before bringing any of them to sales. I'll also note that as other E&P companies have subsequently proclaimed themselves to be liquids rich, the distinction between crude oil and lower-valued NGLs since to have been blurred.  To recap, our acreage in Eagle Ford, Bakken and the Niobrara, our crude oil perspective with minimum NGLs, or the Barnett Combo and Leonard plays, provide both crude oil and NGLs. Although we have some associated NGL growth, overall, our program is dominated by crude oil growth, specifically, we expect roughly 75% of our 2010, '11 and '12 liquids production to be crude oil and condensate and 25% to be NGLs.  And then our second closing point is that our capital plan is on track and consistent with that articulated at our Analyst Conference. Our intention is to shift this company to an oil mix organically, while maintaining a low debt level.  Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Mark Papa: The other areas where we're going to see increased production are the Niobrara and the Eagle Ford clearly, and also in the Bakken, some of our key plays. And I'd say this, we don't have that much that's truly infrastructure related. The key point here is that we basically batch drill these wells, then we batch complete them before bring any single well online. And so as we mentioned in our April conference, you can't project our production growth for either 2010, '11 and '12, that is a straight line quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. If you try and do that, it's just flat, not going to work. And it so happens that our second quarter production happen to be a quarter, where we were completing a lot of wells, but not bringing them to sales. And the third and fourth quarters are ones, where we're going to be kind of in the opposite of that cycle. We'll be bringing a lot more on sales relative to our operational activity.
Mark Papa: Yes, we can give you a breakout. About 51,000 of that 180,000 are Marcellus acres in Bradford County, which is kind of in the sweetest spot of the Marcellus. About 117,000 acres are in Eagle Ford and some of that is in the dry gas, some of that is in the wet gas and some of that is in the oil window. So kind of broken in all three. And then a smaller amount, about 15,000 acres is in the Haynesville play.
Mark Papa: I mean, that's where we think we will be for all of 2010 and all of 2011 and '12. At this juncture, we don't plan any additional divestitures, except for maybe some very small things beyond these two packages.
Mark Papa: Kind for confidentiality purposes, Brian, but I'll give you a bit of a circuitous answer on that. There are two issues going on currently in the States and specifically in a place such as the Eagle Ford. One is just the availability of profit, whether that's sand, resin-coated sand or some kind of intermediates casing profit. There's a very, very tight market. And then the second thing is just the availability of pumping services, if you will. And although the service companies are expanding their unit of pumping services and it's probably going to lag the system a bit. And so we're going to address both of the issues, the profit and the pumping services in a way that we believe is going to give us a long-term cost advantage, but we don't want to go with a lot of specificity at this juncture. But our view is, we did a similar thing in the Barnett because we have very significant gas and, of course, the Combo liquids reserves. And we're talking about close to 1 billion barrels at the Eagle Ford, and so we're gearing up for something very long term and very permanent kind of a solution.
Mark Papa: Yes, I guess the bottom line on that, Brian, is that if we get the price that we think is a fair value for these two asset packages, plus with our expectations of how the carbon prices will be in 2011 and '12, the numbers kind of come out that we don't hit the 25% debt-to-cap level. We stay below that. So at this juncture, we don't look like we need to sell anything else. And so that's the way the plan works out. I don't want to go specifically into what we expect in terms of price for these packages, but I don't want to signal anything to prospective buyers, but that's the way we formulated our plan. We've accumulated so much acreage at such a cheap price over the last three years by being in the first mover position that gives us flexibility that some other people maybe don't have. And then we've looked at the JV piece of this thing and to us, the JV kind of complicates the issues. We end up using our manpower for something less than 100% working interest on there. And so we just thought it would be cleaner to kind of sever our position with an outright sale of this acreage.
Mark Papa: No, as we would see it now, it's pretty consistent with what we said at our April Analyst Conference. We're likely to outspend our cash flow, our operating cash flow in 2010 and 2011 and then go positive on cash flow versus CapEx in 2012. And so what we need to do is get enough proceeds from these sales to cover us for the gap in both 2010 and 2011. That's what we believe.
Mark Papa: Yes, pretty similar to $5.50 range. We're not counting on $7 gas prices next year. We take them as they come. But it's not a particularly aggressive gas price forecast. Pretty similar to what the NYMEX is indicating for '11 currently.
Mark Papa: The chronology there is we drilled a short lateral and completed that well and brought it on production of about 300 days ago. And we just observe production and kind of kept quiet about the play for four or five months to just see, is the production going to fall off sharply or what's it going to level out at. And during that interim, once we felt good about it, we began to accumulate a bit more acreage there. And so as we would see it, we've now spend enough time with this play and have enough production history and drilled enough wells over the 31,000-acre portion of our 120,000 acres that we feel pretty good about that portion, and we feel pretty good about the production declines. The two wells that we were reporting, those wells have been online anywhere from 30 to maybe 40, 50 days. And they're more the 5,000-foot lateral length wells with the optimized fracs. So they're more typical of what we would expect on a go-forward basis. And then concurrently, we're drilling on some of the acreage outside the 31,000 acres. And at least for a portion of that, we feel pretty good. Some of it we just have to see, but a portion of the additional acreage has really been confirmed by some other E&P companies drilling good wells kind of around us.
Mark Papa: I meant to say, Leo, that the lumpiness is going to occur in both oil and gas for these horizontal plays. The two big drivers for the gas side in the third and fourth quarter volumes relative to earlier quarters, the biggest single driver is the Haynesville, another driver will be the Horn River in Canada, which will be -- we complete the wells in the summer and then bring them online about September or so. And then in our South Texas division, we expect to see some significant growth. The South Texas division will be partly from horizontals and partly from some vertical wells in the Frio and Vicksburg formation.
Mark Papa: That's really infrastructure related. I mean, we drilled the first two wells in that area and they got a ton of publicity and then we just said, "Well, let's see whether we have enough sustained production here to justify putting in some infrastructure." And so we've been really drilling specifically in that area. Not so much because the other areas are less perspective but it's just we want to get a core area that can justify particularly some gas pipeline infrastructure in there.
Mark Papa: Yes, the reasons for restricting in the Combo versus the Haynesville are a little bit different. There about in the Combo play, we frac those primarily with 100 mesh sand. And we noticed if we pull them too hard early on, you get a lot of frac sands flowback there, which could cut out your surface equipment and could damage your front frac. And so what we decided to do is just say, let's just put a choke in there essentially and just flow them back at restricted rates early on, mainly just to keep the sand from cutting out things. In the Haynesville, I'd tell you that -- so the Combo, it's almost become a mechanical necessity for us to do that. So what you can expect from future earnings calls are may be a little more modest production rates as we report. And mainly, we should arrest the declines a little bit. In terms of the overall reserves, we don't think we can ascribe at this point that reduced flowbacks is going to increase or decrease the reserves one way or another. We just don't have enough data.
Mark Papa: Yes, we don't want to go in too many specifics on that, but I mean, we need to kind of integrate upstream a little bit, if you will, to get our hands on some profits. And there are several ways to do that, which is we're very active in that. But for confidentiality reasons, we really don't want to go any further with the discussion on that right now, Bob.
Mark Papa: They're about 5,500 spud in length, Irene. And as Loren was saying, there's a whole lot of experimenting going on with our stimulation treatments to try to determine how we best stimulate the matrix in order to determine individual wells EURs to make an estimate of potential here.
Mark Papa: Yes. They were stage frac-ed and the exact methodology of the stage frac is kind of what we're experimenting with. Since the Niobrara seems to be of some interest to everybody, I mean we'll give you a little more color on the -- the Jake and Elmer wells appeared to be kind of stabilizing each at about 150 barrels of oil per day. And of course, remember that the first six months, they had pretty significant production, I think, 50,000 barrels or so in the first six months or whatever. So I'd say, overall, we're still cautious. We don't want to proclaim victory but we're getting a little more positive feeling than we had three months ago, particularly in observation of the Jake and Elmer wells, since those wells have a little longer line. But it's almost an issue of, okay, is this going to be, as Loren said, a very large oil reserve accumulation? Or is this going to be a more moderate size oil reserve accumulation? That's kind of the where we stand today on the overall play.
Mark Papa: Yes, we've got some acreage that, again, we just flat can't get to all the acreage that we've accumulated, and so we have some acreage there that we're on the process of disposing. What we really did, we made kind of a choice in the company, and we said, okay, we've got a plethora of acreage and whether it's on these shale gas plays or the oil plays. And for us, to properly address all that acreage, we would have to be running in 2011 and '12 well over 100 drilling rigs. And we would be, I would say, as a company, a little bit out of control in terms of optimally managing those 100-plus drilling rigs. And we could do it and they will be great, but it's a bit of an uncomfortable position. So what we decided to do is, we said, "What do we really need to hit those growth targets that we've put out there for 2011, '12 and go forward? And do we really want to try and be in a little more controlled environment as far as our operational environment and maybe monetize a bit of this acreage?" So that's a little bit of the philosophy that's taken us to this asset acreage monetization strategy. We're going to be go on pretty much to the max in terms of our operational effectiveness in the second half of this year and in 2011 and '12, and we really don't want to go past that limit just because we have acreage that needs to be serviced, if you will.
Mark Papa: Yes, out of 400,000. So again, it's not half our acreage or anything like that, not even close to it.
Mark Papa: Yes, still early days. I'd say we've got positive signs. And I'm sure if you ask Apache, who we're with working very closely, you'd get the same feedback, that discussions are in the very early stages. The way I'd gauge this whole project is, it's about the whole LNG project, it's probably a 10-step project, and right now, we were probably at step two. We've got step one done, step two is looking pretty good, but it's just -- I'd say all the elements are there to make this project come together. But it would be the first LNG project built by a non-major company and also would be the first LNG project built in North America as export project, except one that's in Alaska that was built 20 or so years ago. So we have to realize that what we're taking on there is pretty big scope, but the prize also is very big. It's not going to move on a just a rapid timeline in terms of -- we don't want to set any expectations that on the next quarter call, we say, "Eureka, the project's a done and we're moving forward with it." It's going to evolve a bit more slowly than that.
Mark Papa: Online, Dave, as we would see it now for this plant would be probably 2015. So the big CapEx investments would probably be 2013 or so. And one -- as we've talked about selling down our interest in several of these shale gas acreage plays, the one area that you have not heard me mention at all is the Horn River. And we have a enough acreage up there where we believe we have 9.5-or-so net PCF. And one option we have there is to bring someone in who might be an off taker into the acreage position, and use that to get some of our net funding for the LNG plant. So we've got several kind of tools there. I mean one is project financing. So I would say overall, our view is, the 25% net debt to cap is going to be our target throughout this LNG project also.
Mark Papa: Yes, we haven't really gone down that road on there in terms of that. It's just we've only got a certain staffing level here, and we can expand it a bit. But we can't expand it, double it in a couple of year period. And the question really boils down to, do we want to devote some of our scarce staffing level to basically educating someone else on a shale play and we do 100% of the technical work for perhaps a 50% net interest in the production or so? And we would just prefer to do 100% of the technical work for 100% of the production, and so it's almost a philosophical issue more than a calculated financial issue when compared to rates of return. And we can do that because we are so long on acreage relative to what we can logically develop during a reasonable period of time, so that's why we're looking at going that around.
Mark Papa: Yes, we're still looking at a limited job mechanism and a recovery factor there of, perhaps 3%, maybe 4% of the oil in plays as we'd see it there. It's not a water driver. It's more -- it's basically going to be just an expansion drive reservoir there. But again, it's early days in terms of Eagle Ford. I'd tell our staff that if one of the big integrated companies had essentially 1 billion barrel oil discovery somewhere, they would probably have 200 technical people assigned to only that project. And we certainly don't have 200 technical people assigned to this essentially 1 billion barrel project. And so I'd say, we've got it identified as far as length, width, pretty darn well, but there's a lot of other things that we're going to be working on and just kind of try to optimize. So what is the right spacing here? Where is the right location that we can drill a well in this? In some portions, you have two targets perhaps, upper and lower Eagle Ford. In other portions, you only have one target. And then there's also the potential of you have the Austin Chalk and the Buda that are very dear to Eagle Ford there. That some of our explorationists are clamoring to drill some wells in because they feel there are significant potential in those that we certain haven't had in anywhere. So what I'd offer to you is, this year, as we mentioned on our April conference, this is just a very slow start-up year for the Eagle Ford. And we'll probably shift from low gear to second gear in 2011 in the Eagle Ford, and then third gear in 2012 and maybe high gear in 2013 or so. It's just -- it's not one we're going to able to just turn it on and have these rapid volumes, and we'll be learning the whole time come. That's why we're going a bit more slowly here with only five rigs. If we're making any errors, I think technically, we don't want to multiply it times 14 or 15 rigs at this time. So that's more of an answer than you want to get, David.
Mark Papa: Basically, we're -- a primarily external packers on a lot of those things. In terms of the reserve levels that we're seeing, we're seeing situations where it appears like the reserves are very similar to our Bakken Lite reserves that we articulated in April conference. And we'll probably be going to longer laterals out there, perhaps 7,500-foot laterals in that area. So the reason we kind of pointed it out is that there wasn't all that much drilling in kind of Western North Dakota, Eastern Montana portion of the acreage we had. And we always had a little bit of question mark, is it going to be good that far out? And we feel it's been answered in a positive manner now.
Mark Papa: Yes, I'd say that our Rocky Mountain gas development, we're not planning on doing much anything there and not even slow it down a bit year-to-year. Mainly because that acreage is all held by production in there, and we will be ramping up in several of the oil plays as we go forward.plays
Mark Papa: Yes, probably. We haven't finalized any plans yet, but that's likely. And it's a higher rig count, 100% of the incremental rig count will be to those -- for oil projects.
Mark Papa: Yes, that was -- we tried an unstimulated hole there, kind of an open hole completion. And what we ended up doing, post-analyst meeting is, we went in and cleaned it out and did more of a case-hole completion. And that well appears to be stabilizing in about 400, 500 barrels of oil per day. So it -- really, right now, what we call the Hereford ranch share, we've got five new wells pretty good. So let's say, we're warming up to the play consciously.
Gary Thomas: Yes, we've seen most of the increase there in the South Texas, predominantly because of the Eagle Ford Shale and the Haynesville. And yes, those stimulation costs are up. And yes, we're working these, essentially new plays and EOG will find ways to secure stimulation services and suppliers in order to lower those costs.
Gary Thomas: Yes. We have the drilling costs, it's gone up about 3% predominantly on the rigs. Our average rig rates run at somewhere around 17.5% and about 17% first of the year. And stimulation cost have gone up anywhere from 10% to 40% just depending on the area. So you kind of factored in our well costs going up maybe somewhere around 6%.
Gary Thomas: The well costs are just a little bit higher in the area, but we continue to make progress on drilling costs by just having program drilling going on there in the Haynesville and our drilling costs just down, really about 15%. But overall, we're looking at 30-plus percent rate return all-in on these Haynesville/Bossier play.
Gary Thomas: What it works out to is, just looking at the stimulation portion what portion that is of overall completion and then what portion that is of overall total well costs. We're looking at this percentage stimulation increasing our overall 2010 drilling completion CapEx by about $230 million.
Gary Thomas: No. I think the Upper Bone Spring or Leonard, as we call it, is probably more similar to the Marcellus or Barnett or something like that, not to the Haynesville. It's more of a silica basis. It's got plenty of oil in plays for sections and it is a Combo-type three, probably a pretty good-sized play. It covers a large [indiscernible]. There's a lot of stratigraphic variation in play, both in the target itself and then in the barriers that you have, the amount saturation in the gas. So a lot to be learned by industry in that entire play right now.
