Lloyd W. Helms: Thanks, David. Our Permian Delaware Basin team has made tremendous amount of progress last year. Prior to 2015, we developed a successful winter program and had encouraging results with the Wolfcamp and Bone Springs intervals. As we entered 2015, we laid out a specific plan to: one, increase our technical knowledge to better understand the potential of these complex plays; two, improve our operational execution and cost performance; and three, expand the scope and impact of the basin to EOG. Our efforts paid off. Here's a recap of our progress. First, we made tremendous progress utilizing two techniques: precision targeting and high-density completions. Our enhanced understanding of the regional stratigraphy of the basin helps us to delineate the most productive target intervals within each formation. This technique requires a significant amount of technical data and data analysis expertise and, coupled with our high-density completion technique, generates solid improvements in well productivity, as evidenced by our industry record-setting Wolfcamp well. The Thor 21 #702H produced an average of 3,490 barrels of oil equivalent per day over its first 30 days of production. After 120 days, average production was an impressive 2,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Notably, the well was completed with a shorter lateral, yet still exceeded the longer lateral wells in absolute production. In fact, on average, our 2015 Wolfcamp wells produced 40% more than the next best operator during the first three months of production, as displayed on slide nine of our investor presentation. Second, we made significant progress generating sustainable cost reductions. For example, in the Wolfcamp oil window, we reduced average drilling time 33% and lowered completed well cost 35%, despite adding incremental cost to each well for high-density completions. In addition, we secured a long-term brackish water supply that, as we move into 2016, is expected to save us $200,000 to $300,000 per well. And finally, we increased the net resource potential for the Delaware Basin by 1.0 billion barrels of oil equivalent and added 2,200 net locations, essentially adding decades of drilling inventory. This solidifies the position for the Delaware Basin as one of our high-return growth engines. We also executed on another 8,000 net acre acquisition in the fourth quarter, bringing total 2015 Delaware Basin acquisitions to 34,000 net acres. This adds to our sweet spot acreage, with significant upside potential through multiple stack targets. Thanks to the well productivity improvements and cost reductions achieved in 2015, the Delaware Basin delivers returns that compete for capital alongside the Eagle Ford. A large portion of the Delaware Basin is already considered premium. And with our continued advancements, we expect to dramatically increase our inventory of premium locations in the next few years. For 2016, we are continuing the momentum. The Delaware Basin will again be EOG's second most active basin next to the Eagle Ford. We plan to complete the same number of wells as we did in 2015, about 75, and we'll focus primarily on the Wolfcamp. Drilling the Wolfcamp generates excellent returns while allowing us to collect data on the shallower targets at the same time. I'll now address reserve replacement and refining cost. All in, proved reserves decreased 15% in 2015, driven primarily by price-related revisions. Excluding revisions due to commodity price changes, we replaced 192% of our 2015 production at a low finding cost of $11.91 per BOE. For the 28th consecutive year, DeGolyer and MacNaughton performed an independent engineering analysis of our reserves, and their estimate was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered about 86% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying this earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacement and finding cost. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Lloyd W. Helms: Good morning, Pearce. What we were able to accomplish last year is a good example of that. We focus in first – the first effort is understanding where the premium acreage is that Bill described earlier. It gets down to basically understanding the rock. And we have to understand where that rock exists. And then those pieces that are added to our portfolio that compete for capital in our existing portfolio certainly will add to that, as we exhibited last year in our Delaware Basin acquisitions. And we'll continue that effort as we go into the next year. That's just part of our ongoing philosophy of how we continue to grow the company. And we balance that off with, as you know, we also manage to sell off properties every year. And so we balance those two with the overall capital discipline we have in the company. So that's always been part of our strategy and will continue to be.
Lloyd W. Helms: Biju, you did characterize it fairly accurately. I think the one way to think about is, certainly the more rocky contact in the reservoir, basically yes, you're going to increase the initial potential of that well. But by contacting more of that rock, you're also increasing the ultimate recovery from every well. So you will see good initial production rates. But your decline, we're seeing the benefit of declines flattening, with more production from these high-density completions. So the overall effect has been quite uplifting.
Lloyd W. Helms: No, no. Actually, we're not seeing that at all. We're seeing, longer term, the wells will produce longer, and the initial decline is little bit less steep than the older completions are, just simply because you're connecting a lot more rock to the well bore.
William R. Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Now for a few comments on the macro, during the fourth quarter of 2014, EOG was early to respond to the price signals in the market. We cut CapEx, scaled back activity, and focused on returns instead of growing oil into an oversupplied market. As we start 2016, we are encouraged by the discipline operators are demonstrating around the world. This disciplined capital reduction is rapidly slowing U.S. oil drilling and reducing significant amounts of future supply worldwide. We believe the pace of market correction is increasing in 2016. Now in summary, I will leave you with a few important points. First, 2015 was a record year for EOG in terms of improving the company. We had record well and operating cost reductions and a record year in improving well productivity. We also had our best year ever in adding new high-quality deep drilling inventory. Second, we are rapidly resetting the company to be successful in a lower commodity price environment. We are focused on improving returns and lowering operating cost instead of growing oil at the bottom of the market. Third, our shift to premium drilling this year should yield strong capital returns in a low commodity price environment. Premium wells generate after-tax rates of return of 30% or better at $40 oil and over 100% after-tax rates return at $60 oil. Therefore, EOG is uniquely positioned for tremendous performance as oil prices improve. Fourth, we do not view premium drilling mode as a temporary bridge to get through low oil prices. With over 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent, a premium net resource potential, and 12 years of premium inventory, this is a permanent shift in the quality of EOG's future wells. We believe the company will continue to grow the size and quality of premium inventory for years to come. Fifth, we remain long-term focused. We continue to do the things that will add significant upside to the future of the company, like investments in exploration, secondary recovery, and other new technologies. Our focus is creating long-term shareholder value through sustainable productivity advancements. And finally, our goal has always been to be the low-cost U.S. horizontal oil producer. As we look to the future, that's not enough. Our goal is now squarely set on being one of the lowest-cost producers in the competitive global oil market, and we are well on our way to reaching that goal. Thanks for listening, now we'll go to Q&A.
William R. Thomas: Evan, certainly we believe moving into premium drilling mode is a step change in the future of the company. It's a substantial increase, as we said. Over the last two years, it's about a 95% increase in the quality of the wells we're going to drill and a 50% uplift for this year. So we're moving more rapidly than what maybe we might have even thought a few years ago. What's driving that is the quality of the rock. The quality of the rock is the most important factor in the productivity of the well. So we made extremely strong technical advancements in identifying the best rock in the best plays over the years, and certainly we believe we've captured the premier acreage in the premier plays in the U.S. And then also, in each one of those plays we've developed petrophysical techniques, seismic techniques. We've used a lot of core data and our combined over 10 years' experience in these horizontal plays to identify the best target zones in each one of the plays. And so that is the main driver. It's the rock quality, capturing it first and then being able to take all the technical knowledge and tools that we've developed over the years and to, in our experience, to be able to pick out the best targets. And then we've developed proprietary techniques to not only identify but to place the laterals in those targets and to keep the lateral in those targets for a long portion of the well. So our goal is to keep those targets, those laterals in the best rock about 95% or better on the well. And so that's really the main driver. We think that's a very unique, very proprietary ability of EOG, and will be very difficult to duplicate in the future.
William R. Thomas: Evan, a large percentage of our wells that we're going to complete in the first half of the year are carryover DUCs from 2015. The majority of those wells are very beneficial to what we've been learning about targeting and identifying the rock. So those will be fantastic wells, and we'll get extremely strong returns on those. But the learning curve is not over. We continue to refine our knowledge and our ability to execute. And so, we see this as really just the beginning of a continuing, we believe, sustainable productivity increase in our drilling going forward. As we said in the opening, we've identified 3,200 locations and over 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent so far that's premium, and we expect that to grow over time, in numbers and quality. So this is really a big game-changer for the company. We think it's very proprietary, and so we think it's going to give us an extremely competitive edge going forward. So we believe, as oil prices improve, we will be able to rapidly be able to generate triple-digit rates of return going forward. So this is a very meaningful step for the company.
William R. Thomas: Doug, first of all, EOG has no current plans to issue equity at this time. Certainly we entered the year, we came into the downturn with a strong balance sheet, and we've been disciplined throughout the process. And so, when we look, as we go forward for this year, we have tremendous flexibility to make further adjustments to capital throughout the year. We do anticipate selling non-core properties, as we consistently do every year. We're pretty far along in that process. We have what we believe are very high-quality, strong buyers for properties. And this could be – this is not a small amount of money; it's very significant. So we're quite confident in that process. And so our goal going forward is to maintain a strong balance sheet. And fortunately, our balance sheet right now is one of the strongest in the peer group. So, that's certainly a focus for us. It's certainly been a hallmark. A strong balance sheet has been a hallmark for EOG for years, and we've not taken our sight off that. And we're going to be committed to maintaining a good strong balance sheet going forward.
William R. Thomas: Yes, that's net. So the gross EUR per well would be quite bigger than what you stated. And let me let David Trice comment a little bit more on the details on the Eagle Ford and what we expect there going forward.
William R. Thomas: Let me just add, to answer your question specifically on the 450 net MBoe per well in the Eagle Ford. That is for an average Eagle Ford well, and that is not a premium well. Premium wells would be quite a bit better than that. And then that number is stale. So we haven't updated that 450 net MBoe per well for several years, and we've made quite a bit of advancements since then in the high-density frac technology, and now we're making advancements in targeting also. So those numbers, it takes a little bit of time to get confirmation on what the new EUR number is. So when you make these advancements, you want to make sure you get at least a year of production, and then you can adjust them up accordingly.
William R. Thomas: Brian, we have no intention of expanding international efforts, so we are going to be very much U.S. driven. We see tremendous opportunity in the U.S. And so this whole direction towards being not only the low-cost producer in the U.S. horizontal, we think we're clearly there. And our sight now is really set on being one of the lowest-cost producers in the world market. And we believe that we can accomplish this with our very high-quality assets that we currently have and continuing to improve them and continuing to come up with new technology as we go forward. And we also believe very strongly that we can continue to grow that quality asset much faster than we're drilling it. And that would be through converting existing inventory in the premium and also through new plays. So we see tremendous opportunity the U.S., and we're going to stay focused there. And we're quite confident that we can continue to lower our operating cost, lower our well cost, and improve well productivity to become more than competitive in the world.
William R. Thomas: Yes, exploration. We did not want to take any short-term cuts that might affect the long-term benefit of the company this year. So we left in a considerable amount of money in the current budget for exploration, both in acreage, buying acreage on emerging plays. And we'll also have several tests of new plays continuing this year. So we'll see how all those go. We're quite hopeful and quite optimistic that we have maybe some plays that will be premium plays. We won't move them forward unless they would be premium, of course, but we're quite optimistic on the exploration front.
William R. Thomas: Pearce, we use the strip, and we used the strip that was in the first part of January. And so we haven't got any – we don't really put in a lot of upside to the current prices. I think it was based on prices around $40 was the current strip we used.
William R. Thomas: Pearce, let me let Billy Helms comment on that. We're very focused both on tactical acquisitions. I'll let him give you some color on that.
William R. Thomas: Paul, we did enter the year with 13 rigs under contract. I think the average this year will be 11 rigs. We looked very hard at trying to buy out those contracts to reduce that, since we do have so many DUCs in place. But when we ran the numbers, it just didn't make economic sense. Those rigs are the best quality rigs in the business. The efficiency is tremendous, and it just didn't make economic sense to buy those out. And so we're really focused on going forward. We didn't want to grow oil, obviously, this year in the low part of the cycle, and so we didn't want to accelerate the DUCs. And so I'm going to let Gary Thomas give you a little bit more detail on the rig situation and our DUC situation.
William R. Thomas: The high-density completions, what they do, you described it fairly accurately, is that they contact enormous amounts of surface area of the rock, and they hit it very, very, very close to the well bore. So obviously, the better the rock and the more that you connect to the well bore, especially close to the well bore, has the tremendous effect on the uplift of wells. And I'm going to let Billy Helms comment on the long-term effect of this uplift.
William R. Thomas: David, we're set up tremendously well. Of course, we're going to have a very large, very high-quality DUC inventory. We have rigs in place, and we have a substantial amount of frac spreads running. We delayed the work schedule on some of the frac spreads to maybe five days a week instead of seven days a week type scenarios, so that we could keep a number of frac spreads in place that would be easy to accelerate. When the oil prices begin to recover, we're going to be disciplined going forward. We don't – obviously don't want to be fooled again, like the industry was fooled last year by a little bit of an uptick in oil price and it is not sustainable. So, we're going to be disciplined and cautious going forward on ramping up capital until we're very much convinced that this is not a short-term uptick in the price, and that the market is more in balance, and that the price is more sustainable. But we think, obviously, EOG is in a fantastic shape to generate extremely strong – we're talking about triple-digit rates of return – as oil prices improve, and we have ability to grow oil when the time comes.
William R. Thomas: I think, Mike, that would give – $40 oil would give us obviously a bit more cash flow, but we would be certainly wanting to stay balanced, discretionary cash flow to CapEx. So that's really going to control the amount of growth that we have, and along with making sure that the oil price is really sustainable. So we can generate the returns, but the growth of the company will be regulated by, obviously, the number of wells we complete and the continued improvement we have, but it would be regulated by the cash flow of the company.
William R. Thomas: Mike, it will be from really multiple sources. We're learning in every one of the plays that we're in, and it's really just being able to identify those target windows within those good plays and then executing on those. So we were still working on downspacing in every one of the plays. So it will come from multiple plays, improving the inventory there to premium, and then it will come from new plays too. We have quite a bit of confidence that through our learning process on existing plays that we can identify very high-quality rock in emerging plays, and so we're actively engaged in buying acreage and testing wells in those too. So it will come from a multiple source. Historically, even though the uptick when we had $90 – $95 oil and we were growing very quickly and drilling a lot of wells, we were able to add twice as many wells each year than what we actually drilled. And so we're very confident that we can continue that kind of multiple on the premium going forward.
William R. Thomas: Certainly, when you're drilling twice as good a well, you don't have to drill nearly as many of them. And so that certainly helps keep your CapEx down and you're able to have a lot more efficiency there. So as we go forward, the learning process will be incremental in each one of these plays, and it's just an ongoing theme. We learn this and then we try it. And as we get good positive results, we're able to apply that to additional wells. And then the sustainable technology gains that we have in the company have been very, very continuous and very steady over the whole life of our involvement in horizontal drilling. It's over 10 years of experience, combined knowledge, and we have quite an innovative culture in the company. And we expect that to continue to improve the wells as we go forward.
William R. Thomas: Correctly, when we have an ongoing drilling program and we're collecting data all the time in an existing play, that's certainly how you make advances. But we also are able to take that learning experience and apply it to new plays. So the high-density frac techniques, the kinds of rocks that would respond to high-density techniques, and then the petrophysical properties of rocks in emerging plays and then the core work where we do an extensive amount of very detailed core work, and we integrate all this data along with 3-D seismic. And so all that goes into bear on defining new plays with high-quality rock. And so it's a learning process that spills over, and it really helps us keep the momentum and to keep adding premium inventory as we go forward.
William R. Thomas: EOG has got a strong track record of game-changing events that have made the company successful over time. Our shift to premium drilling mode this year with an estimated 50% year-over-year increase in well productivity is another step-change to the company's performance. Premium drilling allows EOG to generate solid capital returns at $40 oil, and quite frankly spectacular returns if oil prices recover. With our focus on improving returns instead of production growth during this down cycle, EOG is now positioned for tremendous performance as prices improve. We believe the best times for the company are ahead of us. So thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Paul Sankey: I was wondering if your drilling contracts are committing you to more drilling than you would otherwise do, all things being equal. It just feels as if you're somewhat dependent now on the oil price recovering. But more importantly, I was wondering whether if you didn't have those locked-in drilling contracts, you would actually be completing more wells and drilling less. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: And the follow-up would just be I assume at these prices CapEx would be lower but for the contracts.
Paul Sankey: And you would be simply neither completing nor drilling as much if it wasn't for the fact that you're committed and it would be too expensive to buy the contracts out.
Gary L. Thomas: Yes, Paul, this is Gary. And if we didn't have these rigs under contract, we would certainly be completing more of our DUCs, with them all being premium wells, but we're just honoring those contracts. And as Bill said, yes, we're going to average – we were at 27 rigs under contract in 2015. It's 11 rigs this year, and we average 5.5 rigs next year. So yes, in 2017 we'll be able to certainly accelerate the completion of our DUCs, which will be very beneficial to us.
Gary L. Thomas: David, the benefit to EOG is having these. By end of year, we'll have 230 of these DUCs to complete.
Gary L. Thomas: And with having those, and then having the number of frac fleets that we have currently that we could ramp up, as Bill was saying, besides being able to add, when you just start with the completion and bringing on, you can see a pretty substantial increase in volumes within three to four months. Now when you would just be starting grassroots with drilling rigs, it would be almost twice that long, like you're mentioning, the six months. It would be about half that time.
