William R. Thomas: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. EOG is a disciplined, high-return, organic growth company. Delivering high returns and strong growth is a rare combination not often found in any industry. With our low-cost organic exploration expertise, the company is currently developing nine premium geologic plays across six basins in North America. The power of our premium-only drilling strategy is reflected in our first quarter performance. We earned a company record direct after-tax rate of return of 150% on $1.5 billion of total invested capital. The ability of EOG to generate 150% direct after-tax rate of return on that much capital in one quarter is remarkable compared to any standard. Strong execution delivered volumes on the high end of our forecast, and most of our operating costs came in below targeted ranges. We are well on our way to executing our 2018 plan that will deliver 18% oil growth and generate over $1.5 billion of free cash flow at $60 oil. We believe disciplined reinvestment of cash flow and high rate of return drilling is fundamental to creating significant long-term value. We've been very consistent and clear about this priority for our cash flow. We believe it is by far the most shareholder-friendly decision we can make. Disciplined investment in premium oil, defined as having strong returns at $40 oil, allows EOG to deliver strong oil growth with free cash flow at $50 oil and substantial free cash flow at $60 oil. Along with reinvesting in high return wells, we've outlined the following priorities for utilization of free cash flow. First, an impeccable balance sheet is fundamental to a commodity-exposed business. Having low debt strengthens the sustainability of our dividend and maintains our investment flexibility through the volatility of the commodity price cycle. Concerning flexibility, let me be clear on one point. We have no interest in expensive corporate M&A in any commodity price environment. EOG is an organic exploration company with the ability to continually add premium drilling through low-cost organic leasing and low-cost tactical property additions. And it's important to emphasize here that our premium hurdle rate applies across the board to everything we do. We have set a target to reduce total debt outstanding by $3 billion over the next several years. Tim Driggers will provide more detail on our debt reduction plans in a moment. Second, we will target dividend growth above our historical 19% compounded annual rate. We have a long history of delivering a dividend that we can maintain throughout the volatility of the commodity price lifecycle. The result has been 17 increases in 19 years without a single dividend cut. We believe our prospects for cash flow growth will support strong dividend growth that is sustainable through price cycles. In summary, EOG is a high-return organic growth company. Our ability to grow production and cash flow, produce double-digit ROCE, and deliver cash returns to shareholders through strong dividend growth simultaneously is rare. That's a truly unique combination, not just in the E&P industry, but in any industry. It is perfectly aligned with our ultimate goal: to create significant shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Tim Driggers for more on our capital structure and dividend.
William R. Thomas: Thanks, David. I have a few closing thoughts. Number one, our first quarter results have positioned EOG to have record-breaking direct rates of return on capital investments in 2018. We are going to remain disciplined and stay focused on improving returns going forward. Number two, we're on track to continue reducing both operating cost and well costs. Number three, with our diversified assets, forward-looking marketing arrangements, and advanced infrastructure planning, we are in excellent position to avoid any significant takeaway issues or negative product price differentials in the Permian or in any of our other active plays. Number four, with two decades of horizontal experience and technology advancements behind us, we are developing sweet-spot acreage positions with our latest precision targeting techniques and determining optimal spacing patterns to produce industry-leading well results and per acre net present value. And finally, EOG has never been in a better position to deliver long-term shareholder value. We have the largest and highest quality drilling inventory in the U.S., and it continues to grow much faster than we drill it. We are a low-cost leader today and we will continue to lower costs as we go forward. We are delivering record-setting returns on capital invested, improving corporate ROCE, along with strong production growth and substantial free cash flow. EOG is a high return organic growth company delivering sustainable long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening and now we'll go to Q&A.
William R. Thomas: Arun, we're committed to doing what's right for the shareholders. Our senior management team and our board are significant EOG shareholders and we're aligned with investors. And we're constantly evaluating what's best to create long-term shareholder value. Currently, with the improving commodity prices, we believe investing in high returns and reducing our debt and strong sustainable dividend growth are the best ways to create long-term shareholder value. So at the moment, we're very confident in that plan and we believe that will be the best avenue to create shareholder value.
William R. Thomas: Arun, we don't plan any corporate M&As. That's just not one of our game plans. As you know, we're a very organic company. We've got a lot of confidence in our organic exploration effort, and corporate M&As or just something that would be really not in our game plan at this time.
William R. Thomas: Doug, I don't think we have some hurdle rate on the oil price. We've really reset the company to be very successful even in moderate prices going forward. And so the company is in a fantastic position now to make, I think, a strong statement to say that we're in a position to more aggressively grow our dividend than we ever have in the past. And we believe that our dividend is sustainable through the commodity cycles. And so the company is just in a fantastic position to both systematically reduce our debt and to grow our dividend very aggressively and sustainably in most commodity price situations.
William R. Thomas: So I think first of all, we don't have any plans on changing our criteria. We're going to stick with $40 oil and $2.50 flat. That needs to be really clear going forward. That is a fundamental thing with EOG. If you looked at our entire inventory, which is quite substantial, I would say pretty much all of it would be 30% or better rate of return at $50. So it's a very high-quality total inventory. The inventory that we have in the company that's non-premium at $40 would be, I would say, equal to or better than the average inventory of the whole industry. So it's a very high-quality inventory set. And we have a lot of confidence that we'll continue to make improvements on the non-premium inventory and bring it to a level to where it will classify as premium at $40 oil. So we've got, again, a very sustainable cost reduction. It's not just a one-year thing. It's a very consistent cultural attribute of the company. And then we have a tremendous ability to continue to improve well productivity at the same time. So our goal is to convert a lot of that non-premium inventory into premium inventory as we go forward.
William R. Thomas: No, Scott. We don't have a specific target other than just to say that on a percent increase on a yearly basis, we want to be above our historical average of 19% CAGR. So that's where we want to guide as we go forward. And we certainly, as I said before, we've got the ability to do that at relatively moderate oil prices and sustain that going forward.
William R. Thomas: Leo, we don't have any specifics on timing. Our board evaluates the business environment every quarter concerning the dividend. And I think what we're saying is we believe EOG is in the best shape we've ever been for sustainable, more aggressive dividend growth. So our board is eager to return cash to shareholders with a strong dividend growth.
William R. Thomas: I think, Charles, what we are saying is that we've got extreme confidence in our ability to organically add new high potential at very low cost through our exploration efforts. In general, I think this year, we have a very robust exploration effort ongoing. And we've acquired a significant amount of low cost acreage in multiple plays, and we're testing numerous new plays with exploration or step up drilling this year. And so our organic machine is really in high gear and we have a lot of confidence in it. And we believe we can acquire significant, hopefully, even better drilling potential than we currently have through that process at very low cost.
William R. Thomas: In closing, I want to say thank you to every EOG employee for all of your great work. Our execution in the first quarter was outstanding. We are well on our way to the delivering the best investment returns in company history. EOG is never been in a better shape to deliver sustainable, long-term shareholder value. Thanks for listening and thank you for your support.
Lloyd W. Helms: Thanks, Tim. 2018 is all about maintaining our disciplined capital growth program. In the first quarter, we delivered at or above our production targets and have laid the groundwork to deliver our forecasted well cost targets. We are maintaining our full-year capital guidance of $5.4 billion to $5.8 billion, growing oil production 18%, growing total production 16%, reducing well cost 5%, reducing debt, producing free cash flow, and most importantly, delivering double-digit return on capital employed. There are a number of operational accomplishments from the first quarter I'd like to highlight. We increased activity earlier in the year and are now operating about 40 rigs across six basins. We still expect to average about 39 rigs for the year. Our operating teams in each area are quickly moving the new rigs in our fleet up the learning curve to deliver sustainable efficiency improvements that will yield benefits the rest of the year. In our larger development programs, we moved to larger packages of wells with longer laterals, completing more than 150 net wells with over 30 of those brought to sales in the last week of the quarter. About two-thirds of the wells in the Delaware Basin were in packages of six wells or more. In Eagle Ford, over half the wells were in packages of five wells or more. In the coming quarters, we will be competing several 6 to 10 well packages in both plays, which will improve our operational efficiency and maximize the net present value of our acreage. Initiating this development from larger multi-well packages results in a production profile that is more weighted to the second half of the year as can be seen in our full year production guidance. As a result, we anticipate that our growth will be more heavily weighted to the third quarter than any other quarter this year. We improved our completions efficiency, increased the number of wells completed per month by each completion crew. This allows us the option to consider reducing the pressure pumping equipment utilized this year. And finally, we continue to meaningfully lower sand, water, flowback and facility cost. As a result of the progress we made during the first quarter, we remain confident that we will be able to deliver the targeted 5% well cost reductions we discussed at our last earnings call. Controlling costs is key to a successful commodity business. Year-after-year, we have been able to consistently control costs. And that is true whether we are at the top or bottom of the cycle. There are a few good reasons for that. First, we have a unique benefit of having worked in multiple basins through their lifecycles for almost 20 years. That experience provides valuable foresight. We take our very forward-looking growth plan and analyze the market to anticipate when and where we might see tightness from the services industry, takeaway, relative demand for oil, gas and NGLs, and many other factors. These hard earned lessons over the past two decades have given us the experience to quickly adjust our plans to the ever changing conditions in the industry. Second, the scale of our operations provides several pricing benefits as well as efficiency opportunities. The more wells we drill in any given area, the better we get at drilling those wells. Drilling and completing hundreds of wells over and over is how our talented engineers generate ideas for innovation. It also allows us to invest time and money into unbundling services and, if advantageous, bringing those efforts in-house. That includes everything from building our own water sourcing and gathering infrastructure to self-sourcing or procuring raw materials directly from the manufacturer. Our self-sourcing capabilities started with sand and now grown to include tubulars, chemicals and drilling mud. Third, we run a conservative business both operationally and financially. Operationally, we avoid going so fast that we start to degrade our return profile by paying too much for services or allowing ourselves to get inefficient. Financially, we're committed to a strong balance sheet. Low debt combined with scale allows us to commit to services when others in the industry may be hesitant to do so. This is exactly what occurred last year when we were able to lock in completion spreads at a low cost as one of the few E&Ps willing to commit capital. Looking ahead to 2019, we'll continue to opportunistically lock in services by proactive engagement with our suppliers. We'll also continue to optimize well package size and increase the use of multi-well pads and zipper fracs which will speed operations and well transitions. Finally, we see more opportunity to optimize our sand program and accelerate water we use to further reduce cost. We have line of sight into these and many more areas to reduce cost and improve efficiencies well into 2019. I'll turn the call over to Ezra Yacob who will update you on the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin plays.
Lloyd W. Helms: Bob, this is Billy Helms. First of all, we remain committed to stay within our capital guidance. We're very much on track with our plan as we laid it out. Actually, our rate of capital spend is directly in line with what we laid out at the start of the year. And we've already talked about the benefits of moving to these larger packages of wells. And as a result, the front end of the year is more loaded towards capital spend with the production more weighted towards the back half of the year. So, at this moment, yeah, we're very pleased with where we are headed and we don't really anticipate increasing activity above where we currently are. We're still guiding towards that average rig count of 39 and staying within our capital guidance.
Lloyd W. Helms: Yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms. What we can give you is – it's a little bit early to talk about guiding for 2019. So let me give you a little bit of color on where we are for 2018. First of all, as you're aware, we locked in about 60% of our well cost with the services we have locked in so far, with drilling really preferred providers on the drilling side and the completion side. And we self-sourced quite a bit of that too, about 25% of well cost is self-sourced. So the progress we're making and I guess the confidence we would have in lowering our well cost in 2018 – we talked a little bit about how we're lowering cost in each one of the plays, I think for Permian, we added quite a few rigs and so we're starting to see the operational performance on those rigs get to the metrics that we like to see in our rig fleet. Completions are already down about 2.3% for the first part of the year. On the Eagle Ford, of our drilling cost is already down about 5% and the completions are expected to follow. And then we've made tremendous progress in the Rockies, both on the drilling and completion side, in lowering our well cost anywhere between 4% and 5%. So I think overall, we're very pleased with where we're headed. And we have a long history – just speaking of 2019 again, we have a long history, each year as we go into the year, we anticipate what the trends are going to be and we get ahead of them and try to work with our preferred providers to lock up some services for the coming year. And I expect 2019 will be done the same way. It's a little bit early to really guide on where we'll be, but we're very confident that we'll be able to maintain our cost advantages as we go into the next year.
Lloyd W. Helms: Scott, this is Billy Helms. The cycle times, of course, vary by play. So in the Eagle Ford, it's a much shorter cycle time than, say, the Delaware Basin, just strictly because drilling times are much longer. And it also depends on the size of the pads. So certainly a 10-well pad might be a lot longer to cycle time than a 6-well package. And then it also depends on how many rigs and frac fleets we put on each package. So it's hard to give you, directionally, a certain number other than to say it takes several months to start drilling a pad – or a package of wells and bring that whole package to production. And as a result, it results in some lumpy nature of both capital spend and production. And that's why you see the production growth vary by quarter. And it's also why as we entered the year, we obviously had to build some inventory to be able to execute this plan, so the capital guidance is more weighted towards the front of the year than the second part of the year. And that's just the lumpy nature of this development.
Lloyd W. Helms: Yes, I think you'll still see a lumpiness to the overall production growth. But you won't see, I'd say, the delay we exhibited in the first quarter on a go-forward basis. You'll see it more just growth quarter-over-quarter as we move through the future.
D. Lance Terveen: Thank you, Ezra. I'd like to bring everyone up to speed since our last call on EOG's pricing mix for our crude oil and natural gas sales in the Permian, infrastructure buildout and takeaway positioning. Our 2018 Delaware Basin oil and natural gas production will have minimal exposure to in-basin pricing. Only 25% of our in-basin crude production is exposed to Midland pricing. This translates to less than 10% exposure for EOG's total U.S. oil production. Furthermore, we supplemented physical capacity with additional price protection with Mid-Cush basis swaps. On the natural gas side, less than 20% of in-basin production is exposed to Waha Hub pricing, which translates to about 5% exposure when viewed on a total U.S. production basis. We are in similar shape for our Delaware Basin production next year. Only 20% of crude production is exposed to Midland pricing and about 20% of natural gas production is exposed to Waha, which is manageable risk when viewed on a total U.S. production basis. So we're in great shape, and historically we have always been able to consistently anticipate the infrastructure needed to support growth. Similar to our past experiences in the Barnett, Bakken, and Eagle Ford, an early-mover strategy in the Delaware Basin is paying off. We've successfully diversified our marketing options with physical firm takeaway to protect flow assurance and benefit from higher price realizations for both crude and natural gas sales. Please see slide 18 of our investor presentation for a history of our industry-leading oil price realizations. On our last earnings call, we referenced the new Conan Oil Gathering system and terminal. This system has been in the works since 2016 and was placed into service on schedule during the first quarter of this year. Between the gathering system and short-haul dedicated truck offloads, we anticipate $50 million-plus in savings per year. Our goal by year end is to have up to 80% of our production on the gathering system in our core areas, which will have the added benefit of freeing up trucking availability. In 2018, the oil terminal will have four market connections. A fifth connection to a newly announced long-haul pipeline that will service the Houston, Corpus Christi, and export markets is planned to be in service in late 2019. On gas takeaway, our early-mover strategy allowed us to lock up transportation capacity at well below today's market rates. Also, in lockstep with our residue gas transportation capacity, we secure sufficient plant processing, with each plant location strategically fitting with the footprint of our gas gathering system throughout our acreage position. At each of the centralized hubs along our gathering system, we have the option to deliver our gas to up to four different processing plants. This gives EOG the ability to source our gas to multiple plants that also feed our takeaway capacity away from the Permian Basin. We are confident our early-mover strategy will allow us to move forward with our development and growth plan in the Delaware Basin and realize attractive netbacks, bridging us to 2020 when adequate infrastructure will be in place to service the broader basin. Here's David Trice to review the progress we've made in the Rockies and Mid-Continent.
D. Lance Terveen: David, this is Lance Terveen, and thanks for your question. Let me start and answer your last question there, when you talk about commitments. I'll tell you all of us in this room, we've seen the Barnett, the Haynesville, the Uinta. And so when we think about long-term commitments, it's really twofold. It's we want to have near-term flow assurance; and two, we just want to be very disciplined about any kind of long-term commitments. And what we think that does when we can kind of have that first mover and we can identify it, where we need to identify transportation and access to get to markets, at that point, we really make good business decisions, because a lot of folks are going to be waiting for new pipelines that are going to be starting out in late 2019 and probably into 2020. And what happens when there's a lot of hype and especially very active area like the Permian, with 453 rigs running, it's just – it's not a panic that comes in but people are looking for capacity. So we want to get out in front of that like we've done and like what we've shown. So for us on the commitments, it's really – it's just being very disciplined, have a balanced approach, get in front of it. And the second thing with that, it allows you to have more discretionary volumes and it allows you to look at other projects, and other things that can come available at even lower rates. So getting in front of that and having some of that near-term assurances really sets us up in the future to lock in other markets or also look at lower transportation costs.
D. Lance Terveen: Sure, sure. Again, it goes back to our experiences and what we've seen in other basins and as we've looked at making commitments and transportation commitments. So again, when we look at that and we look at the forward forecast and where we think each of the basins might be growing, especially like a new emerging basin. So typically, we want to lock up anywhere from maybe 70% to 80% of that near term and leave kind of more available in the outer years. So really with the crystal ball, when we're looking at making the commitments, we try to protect more of a, call it, the first three years. And then if we need to make medium-term commitments, then those commitment volumes are a little smaller in the outer years. So that's strategically how we think about the commitments, David.
David W. Trice: Thanks, Lance. Well costs continue to drop for our Rockies plays. The efficiency gains we are making in both the Powder River Basin and DJ Basin are astounding, particularly considering they are in addition to the incredible progress made last year. In just one quarter, we have reached and beat well cost targets in some of our Rockies plays. Tremendous progress has been made in both drilling and completions to reduce days on location that translate directly to cost savings. Overall, drilling days are down 70% since the beginning of the downturn in 2014 for the DJ, Powder River Basin, and Williston Basin. This is a powerful testament to the great sustainable efficiency gains our teams have made during the last several years. Recently, normalized spud-to-TD drilling days in the Powder River Basin are down from 9 days on average in 2017 to about 7.5 days for the first quarter of 2018. During that time, completion efficiencies have more than kept pace with drilling. Stages per day and footage per day are up a whopping 50% in the first quarter versus the 2017 average. This includes a record day in the DJ Basin of 26 stages pumped on a four-well pad in a single 24-hour period. That record-breaking pad averaged 21 stages a day for the entire job. Our cost performance in the DJ Basin Codell has set the bar for the rest of the company. Some notable wells that we highlighted in last night's press release are the three-well Flatbow package that IP-ed at over 1,300 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 3,900 foot laterals, and averaged just $2.9 million per well. We also turned on a four-well 9,500-foot Big Sandy package that averaged over 1,300 barrels a day equivalent per well, with a well cost of $3.5 million per well. These seven low-cost Rockies wells are earning an average direct rate return of over 250%. Our cost structure in the Rockies and Bakken gives us a competitive advantage and creates significant upside potential to add to our premium inventory in the future. The Anadarko Basin Woodford oil window is the latest addition to our diverse portfolio of premium oil assets. We are increasing activity and building working inventory to support our 25 net well program this year. Our latest well to come online is the Terri 1621 #1H, which is a 2-mile lateral that delivered over 1,100 barrels of oil per day in its first 30 days. We currently have four rigs running in the Woodford. And as we move into development mode in the basin, we expect to have a number of new well results to share in the future. We will also be testing multiple spacing patterns in order to determine the optimal spacing to maximize NPV per development unit. We are optimistic the Woodford play has upside potential for inventory additions and certainly returns as we increase efficiencies and reduce cost. Plays like the Woodford enhance the diversity of our portfolio and provide us flexibility to consistently deliver high-return production growth. Now I'll turn it back over to Bill.
David W. Trice: Jeff, this is David Trice. On the Woodford, yes, we have picked up additional rigs there. We are running four rigs currently there. And what we're doing this year is, one, we're securing operatorship on all these units, and then also we're doing several spacing tests there. So what we want to really focus on in the Woodford this year is we want to – like in our other plays, we want to really confirm the correct spacing so that we can be sure to maximize the NPV per section there.
David W. Trice: Really most of the 50,000 acres net that we show we would be able to operate that. We have quite a few trades going on where we may not have a majority interest. And so we think at the end of the day, we'll be able to operate the entire position.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Irene, this is Ezra Yacob. And I don't think we're going to spend any time today guiding to the direct growth on that asset right now. But what I will say about the Eagle Ford is the upside we see there just involves our continued progression of integrating the data that we've collected over the development cycle that we've had there. We continue to integrate both high-graded geologic mapping completions data back into of our geologic model, and it helps kind of drive our precision targeting as we develop even finer scale and high graded targets. And then also with respect to the Austin Chalk, we've gone a little bit slow making announcements on that because, geologically, it is a bit more complex than the Eagle Ford. I would say that it already is contributing in a pretty good way to not only our returns but also in 2017, both the Eagle Ford and Austin Chalk actually showed just a little bit of growth year-over-year. And so we're happy with our pace of development there in the Austin Chalk and when we have more information on that, we're a little more comfortable with it, we'll provide greater detail.
Ezra Y. Yacob: I was just going to finish up and say, we'll be doing that at a pace commensurate with where we can go ahead and continue to integrate our learnings, and do that really with a focus on returns first.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Brian, this is Ezra again. Like I reiterated, I think we're happy with our plan and we're happy with where we're at, kind of executing on it and we're on track with it. As far as adding additional capital or redirecting capital to the Eagle Ford, I think – without guiding into future years, we have definitely run through a number of different forecast growth models, like I talked about in the opening statements, where if we choose to actually grow more aggressively there, we can certainly do that and we have the inventory and acreage position to do that for over 10 years at high returns. But as far as doing it within the year, I think it's safe to say that we're pretty happy with where we're at with our balanced approach across multiple basins to achieve our CapEx and volume growth goals for this year.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Leo, this is Ezra Yacob again. It's just really still pretty early in in the Austin Chalk. We are still doing a lot of testing on our well spacing, trying to determine the optimal spacing, how many precision targets we have in there. We've talked about in the past that it is different than the historical Austin Chalk play. It is a matrix – contributing kind of a matrix drive play. And so it's not quite as straightforward to use a lot of those historical learnings. The way we're developing it is different and it's unique. I'd say the initial productions look good. I know it seems like we put a lot of wells on but we'd like to be confident before we really come out with any detailed numbers on that. And like I said, when we have a little more detail on that, we'll certainly talk about it.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Leo, it's Ezra again. I think you hit the nail on the head there. The cost per foot – I tried to highlight in those opening remarks the contiguous nature of the western Eagle Ford acreage and a little bit less faulting out there, allows us the opportunity to drill longer wells and larger packages. It's a little bit less pressured and less shallow too. So in general, the costs are a little bit cheaper there. In the eastern Eagle Ford side of our acreage position though, we usually have wells with a little bit more robust rates, a little bit bigger wells, but it is a little bit more challenging drilling over there. It's a little bit deeper, a little bit extra pressure. And then in general, the well lengths tend to be just a little bit shorter due to both the layout of specific leases over there, but then also there's an increase in the faulting off to that eastern side.
Ezra Y. Yacob: Bob, this is Ezra Yacob. Let me start with the Karnes Trough area down in the South Texas trend. Now like I said, we brought to sale last year a number of wells and we're very happy with the initial rates on there. And again, it's a new concept on the play that we have been working over the last couple of years where we're basically applying our precision targeting, our petro-physical model in combination with our seismic attributes to upscale and model these precision targets that actually have matrix contribution. And then we're applying some of our high density frac designs, things that we've developed in these different basins -or different unconventional plays, basically to the Austin Chalk. And so we're really happy with it. I would say where the upside resides down in South Texas is continuing to delineate targets, high grading those targets and again, kind of the continued evolution of our frac designs. It is the Chalk, so it does – each of these plays that we're in, whether it's a carbonate, siltstones, mudrocks, as you know, little tweaks on your completion design can make a big difference. And so the biggest upside I see with the Austin Chalk is just that, advances – continued evolution and advances on our completions, delineating additional targets. And then in Louisiana, it's very early on that prospect. I think everyone knows that we've drilled a very successful Eagles Ranch well out there. We're very pleased with the initial results on there and we'll provide further details on that on future calls.
Ezra Y. Yacob: This is Ezra again, Bob. Yeah, the way I'd follow up with that is I'd say there are definitely going to be sweet spots. That's obviously a widespread play from Mexico all the way up around Gulf Coast there. Just like any big regional unconventional play, there are going to be sweet spots in different parts of that area. There are different attributes geologically and geophysically, including structure is one of them, that we're looking at to high grade those areas. But any additional color than that, I'm not sure if we want to provide today.
