Tim Driggers: Thanks April. Good morning. I am Tim Driggers, CFO. Thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing first quarter 2014 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release in Investor Relations page on our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO, Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer, Billy Helms, Executive VP, Exploration and Production, Mario Baldwin, Vice President, IR. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included second quarter and full year guidance in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. I will first discuss our 2014 first quarter net income and discretionary cash flow, and then Bill Thomas and Billy Helms will review operational results, I’ll then review EOG's financials and capital structure. Finally, Bill Thomas will cover EOG's macro view and hedge position and provide concluding remarks. As outlined in our press release, for the first quarter 2014 EOG reported net income of $661 million or $1.21 per share. EOG's first quarter 2014 adjusted non-GAAP net income which eliminates the mark-to-market impact in certain non-recurring items as outlined in the press release was $768 million or $1.40 per share. Non-GAAP discretionary cash flow for the first quarter was $2.2 billion. At March 31, 2014 the debt-to-total cap ratio was 27%. Due to a buildup of cash on the balance sheet the net debt-to-total cap ratio was 21%, down from 23% at December 31, 2013. I will now turn it over to Bill Thomas to discuss operational results and key players.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Billy. For the first quarter, capitalized interest was $14.2 million. Total cash expiration and development expenditures were $1.8 billion, excluding asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plants and other property, plant and equipment were $166 million. EOG made $4 million of acquisitions during the quarter. During the first quarter, net cash provided by operating activities exceeded financing and investing cash outflows. At the end of March, total debt outstanding was $5.9 billion. At March 31, we had $1.7 billion of cash on hand. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 36% and the deferred tax-rate ratio was 63%. Yesterday, we included guidance table with the earnings press release for the second quarter and full year 2014. For the second quarter and full year, the effective tax rate is estimated to be 35% to 40%. We have also provided an estimated range of the dollar amount of current taxes that we expect to record during the second quarter and for the full year. Now, I'll turn it back to Bill to provide EOG's views regarding the macro-environment hedging and operations.
Tim Driggers: Yes David, I'll kind of add to that. The Company is not so much focused on production growth. We're really focused on capital return, and that is what drives EOG. We're not interested in drilling low return wells to grow production. So we're going to very much stay focused and very much stay disciplined in our CapEx plans. So the plays have to have a very strong rate of return before we're going to spend money on them.
Tim Driggers: Yes, Bob that’s a good question, the Jake well was really targeted in a different part of the Niobrara than we're focused on right now, more of in the – what they call the chalk part, we call it the b chalk in the upper part of the Niobrara, and it's also, was very fracture driven. So, we have done extensive mapping on the Niobrara and this lower target, we believe will give us more consistency, number one, and then we also have 3D to identify the fracturing and identifying the faulting. Then I think the third thing is our completion technology has advanced quite a bit and those early wells we drilled were very small fracs with different completion styles. So we're going to be using our latest completion techniques and we think that will be beneficial also.
Tim Driggers: I think we want to really avoid those. There's always fracturing that's involved in these plays, but really looking for resource play that would be consistent, or we can get excellent matrix contribution. So that's the approach that we're taking. 
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim. With regards to oil, we believe we are in a continued tight supply demand situation globally. Last year, the U.S. was the largest oil growth area in the world. However, the rate of oil growth in the U.S. is beginning to slow and 2014 non-OPEC supplies have been revised downward while global demand for oil from non-OECD countries continues to increase. Therefore, we expect to see strong oil processed for the remainder of this year barring a global recession. Regarding North America gas, taking into account current store levels and assuming normal weather, we expect prices to remain stable in the $4.50 to $5 range due to summer of 2014. This is with a caveat that E&P companies stay disciplined at these gas prices and don't ramp up drilling activity. Once we enter the storage withdrawal season, we expect to see upward pressure on gas prices. Late next year, the first LNG plant at Sabine Pass is scheduled to begin exporting natural gas. This could signal the beginning of a structural change in natural gas demand. In 2016, a number of new petrochemical plants utilizing natural gas feedstock are expected to be commissioned, the remainder of the LNG commission plants are scheduled for start-up in ‘18. For May 2014, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 181,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of 96.55 per barrel. For June 2014, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 171,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of 96.35 per barrel. For the period July 1 through December 31, 2014, EOG has crude oil financial price swap contracts in place for 74,000 barrels of oil per day at a weighted average price of 95.37 per barrel. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. For the period June 1 through December 31, 2014, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 330,000 million British thermal units per day at a weighted average price of 4.55 per million British thermal units. For the period January 1 through December 31, 2015, EOG has natural gas financial price swap contracts in place for 175,000 MMBtu per day at a weighted average price of $4.51 per MMBtu. These numbers exclude options that are exercisable by our counterparties. As it relates to EOG and the overall macro environment, EOG's marketing and midstream investments again prove invaluable in the first quarter. In the U.S., EOG realizations average $1.97 over West Texas Intermediate index process. However, we continue to sell the majority of our oil index of LLS pricing.  Now let me conclude, there are five important takeaways from this call. First, EOG continues to demonstrate its ability to organically grow. Yesterday, we announced the addition of 735 high rate of return net drilling locations with 10 years of drilling inventory from the sweet spots of four high quality, high oil content onshore U.S. plays. This is proof of our very disciplined approach to adding new plays. First, we identify the potential. Second, we capture the acreage. Third, we apply technology to the play until results meet our rate of return criteria. What's significant is that these are predominantly oil plays that compares favorably with our current highest rate of return plays. Our goal is to increase EOG's ROE and ROCE and by adding these higher rate of return plays we are doing so. Second, we increased our oil production growth target for the year from 27% to 29%. We've said all along that EOG has the best horizontal crude oil assets in the U.S. and they continue to deliver. Third, the Eagle Ford continues to demonstrate improvements in well productivity from ongoing refinements and completion techniques. In modeling production from the Eagle Ford we are on a growth track for the next 10 years and I want to repeat in modeling production from the Eagle Ford, we are on a growth track for the next 10 years before we even begin to see production level out. Fourth, we are testing additional downspacing patterns in the Bakken, Leonard, and Wolfcamp plays. We will continue to test downspacing until we’ve reached maximum optimization for each of these plays. To wrap it up, EOG turned in another outstanding quarter. Our U.S. oil plays continue to deliver. We continue to make improvements and completions even in our most mature plays, the Eagle Ford and Bakken. EOG is running like a finely tuned high performance engine. Thanks for listening and now we’ll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, yes, on the capital allocation, as we go forward, we've given guidance in the past and we want to reiterate this, at number one, the first priority is to the dividend, and we want to continue our 15-year history of a healthy dividend increase. Next, the focus is on reinvesting that capital back into the highest rate of return plays, and now, we have more of those to offer up.  And first, certainly the Eagle Ford is the highest rate of return play we have, and so the biggest amount of capital will go to that. The Bakken Three Forks next, the Leonard, the Delaware Basin, Leonard and now we have opportunities to reinvest at high returns in the DJ Codell, the Parkman and Turner play.  So that's where we will focus our capital as we go forward. On the Eagle Ford and the remaining inventory that we haven't included because it has not made our 60% a-tax rate of return cutoff, we are focused on that and we have a pretty -- could be a pretty significant number of wells that we can drill and we're doing like we do on all of our plays, we're working on the cost to reduce the cost as we go forward. I think most importantly, we continue to see improvements in the well completions, in the frac technology, and so, we're hopeful that we go forward that those wells will get those returns up into the -- above 60% and down the road, as the years go down the road, we’ll be able to include those in our inventory. So, the reason we haven't listed those really right now is part of our 7,200 well locations is we're just not really focused on those. We're not drilling a lot of those right now, so we just didn't include them.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, on the new plays, I don’t think -- we wouldn't talk about them unless we had felt like that we captured the sweet spots. We did a very thorough geological evaluation and we have a lot of data, and we have really narrowed down the acreage to the, what we believe are the highest return areas of the play. So, the acreage numbers listed for each play are really the sweet spots where we think we'd have the best chance to make the best wells. And so we think we've captured that and there is probably additional zones or probably additional areas that would be productive, but we're really focused on the sweet spots and we have those captured.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Leo, in the first quarter and then some in the second quarter, we drilled a lot of retention wells that means it's kind of the first wells on a unit to hold that acreage. And as we have completed that process, as we complete that process, it gives us the flexibility to go back in and really focus on each unit and begin to pad drill, drill those on pads, multiple wells on pads, and again, optimize our costs and then to focus on making the better wells and getting the spacing right and the completions right. And just able to, I think, have more efficiency and perform better as we go forward.
Bill Thomas: Yes Leo, we are quite a bit of sub-surfaced well data. With this about 130 wells that are located near our acreage or on our acreage that have defined these sweet spots in the Codell, and in the Niobrara also. And so we believe, you’re correct. The DJ Basin historically has been very variable, so there are sweet spots that really kind of set up by the basin architecture and it varies. We really believe with our good results that we’ve had from the drilling in this area and with our geologic mapping that that we have a spot -- sweet spot that will give us very consistent results. So that's why we’re focused on these areas.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Brian, I think we're mildly bullish on near-term gas that we think it will be in $4.50 to $5 range, and we are really not prepared and we really don't want to invest any additional money at this time in any dry gas drilling. The reason is because we want to really see what the long-term gas price is going to do, and that's going to depend a lot on what operators do at $4.50 and $5 gas prices. There's so much gas potential out there that it could easily drill a lot of wells and the price of gas would decrease. So, we really want to wait and be patient on that. You're right, we have tremendous amounts of very high quality gas assets, and we really would need $5.50 or a better price, and we would need to believe that that $5.50 or better price would hang in there for multiple years before we'd even think about drilling dry gas.
Bill Thomas: Well, we remain bullish on light oil prices. Certainly as we talked about from the macro view, we continue to see a tight supply worldwide and we do not see any pending crisis on overloading the system, the U.S. system, the refinery system to be able to process all that oil. So our focus is going to be to reinvest back into the highest return plays and the highest return plays, we fully believe in the next few years will be our oil plays. We will continue to -- as they prove up and continue to give us high rate returns, we will continue to add capital back into those. Of course, the focus will be Eagle Ford, Bakken, but now we have a good set of plays that we have a lot of opportunity to reinvest in. So our focus is going to be oil for quite some time. 
Bill Thomas: Yes Charles, that’s a good question, it starts with the sweet spot, so we drilled quite a few Parkman wells and with that data and the other geologic data available, we've really narrowed down this acreage in the Parkman to the very sweetest spot. So we're focused on best play, that – it is a start. Then we brought in the completion technology as we've learned on all these horizontal plays and shale plays, the completion technology continues to advance. We're now seeing even in the conventional – more conventional rocks like sandstones that the improvements that we've seen in the shale plays also apply to those two. So the completion process I think has allowed us to increase the initial production on the rate, on the rates on the wells and the reserve potential on the wells. That along with the EOG been able to come in and apply our kind of shale cost reduction efforts in these plays, to reduce the overall cost, it's really improved the rates of returns on all these plays. So it's a threefold thing really and it really fits into EOG strength.
Bill Thomas: Charles, no, it’s all in the oil window. And it’s in the areas where we may have a bit more geologic geo hazards. All thing and things like that. And it takes a little bit better effort on our part to get frac containment, and we have to change maybe the direction of the wells drilled in and we also have to work a bit harder at getting the frac more evenly distributed along the lateral. So, it's all oil and we have confidence as we go forward that we’re going to be able to continue to make improvements in those areas.
Bill Thomas: David, we have not done that extensive model in the Bakken yet, because we’re really in the initial stages of downspacing, and I want to ask Billy Helms to make some comments on that.
Bill Thomas: Yes, that's correct. Naturally, as you push wells closer together, you're going to end up having some sharing between wells. That's just inevitable. Our rate of return is still very, very high as you stated, but what we end up doing is adding a lot more recoverable reserves, and there is a lot more net present value to each spacing unit that we drill. So, that's kind of our overall process. And we're still early on in the space, certainly in the Bakken as we try to define that.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, David, I think NGLs kind of go along with the gas, and we are hopeful that the NGL demand will increase enough to firm up the price. But again, I think from a capital standpoint, we still are very focused on oil and really oil for the next several years is going to be where we're going to think we're going to get the highest return. So as we can get better NGL prices and gas price, both combo plays, we'll become competitive with our oil plays down the road and we'll put capital on those. But near term, we're still focused on oil.
Bill Thomas: Yeah Irene, the Parkman is about 30,000 acres in the sweet spot, net sweet spot and then the Turner is about 63,000 net acres in the sweet spot, and much of that acreage does overlap, but not all of it, and each of those are both sandstone plays. And so we have quite a bit of surface data, and we've mapped the thickest parts of those sandstones and the most productive parts of it. So that's what those two acreage numbers take in consideration and those obviously we're going to make the highest return of oil in each one of those. Let me ask Gary Thomas to answer your question on takeaway for the Powder.
Bill Thomas: Yes Pearce, the first number, I mean, the first one come out, it was 900 million barrels equivalent net to EOG and I would say the plays, the four plays that we've announced today, they do not have that upside potential. Obviously, we had 564,000 acres in the Eagle Ford and it’s a very continuous shale play. These plays in particular the Codell, the Turner, and the Parkman are sandstone plays. They're not really shale plays. So they are more defined geologically and really the acreage positions that we've outlined in each one of those is really the sweet spot and probably the best extents of those plays. On the Niobrara, of course it is a shale play, but again, we really think we’ve identified a sweet spot in that 50,000 acres there, and we believe that we’ll get consistent results there. Outside of that acreage that's not really proven to be consistent yet, so we'll just have to see as time goes on where we can maybe expand that, but right now we’re really focused on these individual sweet spots. I would say in the Niobrara, there are multiple targets there and the reserves that we’ve given in this guidance is just assuming one target and it’s assuming six wells per section. So, there is downspacing potential, additional targets in the Niobrara and then in the other plays there could be some downspacing potential there, but that's undefined yet. We’re just hopeful on all that. We’ll have to test that as we go along and if that becomes clear we’ll certainly talk about it. 
Bill Thomas: Pearce, we’re not seeing much, we’re seeing tightening on our drilling rigs. They’ve probably gone up in some areas as much as 5%, but as you know EOG has got so much of our services locked in and self-sourced that we’re not seeing any pressure otherwise. There is a little bit on just trucking, but that’s why we’re putting in our gathering system et cetera, just because these are going to be so long-lived properties, just to hold future costs down.
Bill Thomas: We're continuing to drill more wells, it's efficiencies in large part. And thinking of the Eagle Ford, yes, we're going to be drilling more wells this year than last, but with the same number of rigs. So we can say that's just continuing to improve our efficiencies and drilling more wells each year without a large addition of capital, even though we plan to spend additional capital on drilling and completion our E&P sector, future years.
Bill Thomas: We're working on the crude pipeline takeaway there. We believe that's going to be in place soon enough for us. As far the gas processing, that's probably the larger concern, but there is plant expansions in place. So we've got sufficient takeaway at this point and we think that it's going to keep us with our growth in the area.
Bill Thomas: Yeah Amir, on the Codell, you just have one target there and we've had good number of wells that we've talked about that we've drilled in that, so we feel great about that. On the DJ, in this area that we're focused on the sweet spot, we drilled one target so far, and it's been in the lower part of the Niobrara and that's the target we feel like will give us very very consistent results. We do have plans later in the year to drill a couple of patterns. The first pattern will be with four Niobrara wells in the lower target and three Codell wells and that's a seven well pattern. Then the second pattern later in the year, we're going to drill six Niobrara wells with three in the upper target and three in the lower target and then three Codell wells, so that's a nine well pattern. So as we drill those and learn how to continue to improve the completions and get into this pattern of drilling, we'll learn a whole lot more about the different targets benches in the Niobrara. And then also the Codell and how all those kind of relate with each other.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. I think we've learned off the plays, all these resource plays, that really to make the highest returns you really need to focus in the sweet spots and they're variable in size. Obviously, in the sandstone plays and that we talked about, they're a bit smaller. In the shale plays, they can be bigger, but in the case of the DJ basin, the basin has shown quite a bit of variability in the Niobrara there, so you have to be really careful. So that's why we've focused in only the 50,000 acres so far in the Niobrara there. But as far as additional play potential in the U.S., we do see opportunities and as we’ve said before, we have plays that we’re working on in different stages of identification and testing. And so we believe that it's going to be very difficult to find another Eagle Ford that have both the size and the quality, and another Bakken, which would have the size and quality. But we do believe that there will be additional plays that we can capture sweet spots on that will be additive to EOG’s inventory and that will be significant enough for us to focus on. So, when you have multiple hundreds of wells, that’s a nice play size and certainly a kind of thing we want to capture.
Bill Thomas: Bob, they do have -- they’re better reservoirs so they have better probability. But I think that's to be determined. We will certainly be evaluating the wells as we get them on these spacings and the frac patterns and the potential interference between the wells. And there could be some room for additional downspacing in the place as we go forward. It’s just typically EOG, we’re very conservative on our reserve estimates when we start these plays out, but that will be our focus is to maximize the NPV, and that's one way to do it is through additional downspacing. 
