Mark G. Papa: Thanks, Bill. Outside North America, we expect our 100% working interest East Irish Sea Conwy crude oil development project to start up in the second half of 2013. In Argentina, our horizontal Vaca Muerta oil well yielded lower-than-expected results. The production results were similar to a nearby vertical well we had completed, indicating no multiplier effect for the horizontal versus the vertical. We're still evaluating results and plan to proceed cautiously during 2013. In Trinidad, our third quarter gas takes were higher than expected due to incremental short-term market demands. There's nothing new to report on the Kitimat LNG project. I'll now address 2 other EOG differentiators, oil margins and sand plants. You'll notice that for the third quarter, our U.S. crude oil price realization was $5.45 over WTI. Considering where our crude is produced, this is likely the most advantageous realization of any similarly situated company. Our 2 biggest production areas are the Eagle Ford and Bakken. As I previously mentioned, our Eagle Ford crude is currently priced off on LLS index. In the Bakken, almost all of our crude plus some third-party crude is being railed to our St. James, Louisiana terminal and receiving LLS prices. Additionally, we're railing a portion of our Wolfcamp crude to Louisiana. On the well cost side, our sand plants continue to function smoothly and provide the frac cost savings we've described in previous quarters. EOG's success is based on a simple equation: higher crude oil volumes and higher crude oil price realizations combined with lower well and unit costs and less money-losing North American natural gas volumes equals more net income. I'll now turn it over to Tim to discuss financials and capital structure.
Mark G. Papa: I'll now provide our views regarding macro hedging and concluding remarks. Regarding oil, we think the current NYMEX plus $2 to $3 per barrel reasonably reflects likely 2013 prices. We continue to believe that U.S. shale oil won't flood the global market for the reasons I articulated on our previous earnings call. Likewise, we think any meaningful supply effect from shale oil outside North America is many years away and will be very slow to develop. For the first half of 2013, we have 98,000 barrels of oil per day hedged at $99.39 per barrel. And for the second half, we have 68,000 barrels per day hedged at $99.45 per barrel. We also have some options next year that may be exercised and would increase our hedge position by an average of 42,000 barrels of oil per day at an average price of $102.16. Regarding gas, we expect 2013 prices will be better than 2012, but not good enough to provide a cost of capital full cycle return on North American gas well drilling. Our current 2013 hedge position is 150,000 mmbtu per day at $4.79 per mmbtu excluding unexercised options. Please see the table that was included in our earnings press release for the details of our hedging contracts. Now let me provide a brief outline of our 2013 business plan. As usual, we'll provide our specific 2013 plan with volumes, CapEx, et cetera, in our February call. But today, we can provide 4 directional guidelines. First, we expect our overall 2013 CapEx to decline below 2012 levels, primarily because we've accomplished our goal of converting our dry gas resource play acreage to held by production status. This year, we spent roughly $700 million, primarily in the Haynesville, Marcellus and Horn River converting leases to held by production, and we expect to spend only about $100 million next year on dry gas drilling. This 2013 reduction in dry gas CapEx will also boost our 2013 overall reinvestment rate of return. Second, our 2013 pattern of volume growth by product will continue to be dictated by returns, and the trend will be similar to the past several years. In 2013, we expect another peer-leading oil growth year, although the year-over-year percentage increase won't be as robust as in the past since we're becoming a bigger oil company. We expect decent year-over-year NGL growth, but a lower rate than our higher rate of return oil trajectory. We also expect another year, our fifth year, of declining North American gas production since it's unprofitable. In Trinidad, we'll likely have flat year-over-year gas production since this year, we sold at close to maximum deliverability. Third, in 2013, we'll continue to fund North American greenfield oil ideas, as well as concepts to improve recovery factors. Because NGL prices how weakened relative to oil, we'll likely shift capital from the Barnett and Permian Combo plays toward the Eagle Ford and Bakken. And fourth, if one assumes that 2013 oil prices, WTI oil prices, average in the low 90s, then our preliminary plan of combined lower CapEx and increased oil volumes essentially shrinks our 2013 funding gap to a very manageable amount. This is important because for the past 3 years, one recurring theme from investors has been EOG's significant outspend of our organic cash flow, i.e., would we blow up our balance sheet while developing our oil reserves. Today we sit at 27% net debt to total cap and A-, AAA credit ratings. And unless oil prices drop significantly, in 2013 we'll approach neutral from a cash flow versus CapEx point. Since our strong oil growth will continue past 2013, this cash flow versus CapEx trend is positive for 2014 and should potentially allow us to return more cash to stockholders post 2013. Now let me conclude. In summary, I want to leave you with one thought. In this business, there continues to be a lot of hype. The advent of oil resource play has allowed many companies to talk about capturing billions of barrels of oil or billions of Boes as if they're talking about apples on a tree. Be careful of the hype. Go with the company that's putting the points on the board quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, whether it's financial metrics or operational metrics, such as organic oil growth. Results matter and they're easy to measure. Thanks for listening, and now we'll go to Q&A.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, there are. To give you an idea, last quarter, we said that our average drilling comp is 14 days; this quarter, it's 13 days. And we're now -- some of our fastest wells, we're drilling in 8 days. So we have room to beat the 13-day average timeframe. If you would have asked me 18 months ago whether we'd be able to drill our fastest wells in 8 days, I would have frankly told you, no way. So I would expect that we're going to see further improvements over the next 12 months in the average time to drill the wells, which is going to give us a good chance to drive the average well cost down even further. I mean, right now, the direction we're seeing is the rig comps are trending down, some of the service costs are trending down. So I think that the average well cost of $5.5 million for 2013 is eminently achievable for our wells in the Eagle Ford. And that probably beats the industry average in the Eagle Ford by $2 million a well.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, I don't see us going doubling the number of frac stages over the next 2 or 3 years from where we are today, if that's the direction of your question, Pearce.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. And let me kind of segue that into kind of the production targets that we've given you for the fourth quarter, specifically the oil production numbers. The simple way I'd explain it is, we've -- we spend about $6 billion through the first 3 quarters of the year, and we gave you an estimate that basically says we intend to spend about $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. So we have very roughly a $2 billion a quarter run rate, and now we're telling you we're going to spend $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter roughly. And the growth rate of the company, the oil growth rate, I'd say, is very similar to a coin-operated machine. EOG right now is very similar to a coin-operated machine. You put dollars in, and you have 100% efficiency. There is no inefficiency due to exploration, and there is essentially no operational inefficiency. So our growth rate for the fourth quarter and -- is essentially going to be a function of how many dollars we spend. And that's why our growth rate in the fourth quarter is going to be less than it was in the first 3 quarters. And we basically are just curbing our spending to stay within our capital budget, and we're just slowing down pretty severely, really, in all of our plays. But the most severity is going to be in the Eagle Ford where we are cutting completion units, cutting rigs and just slowing the process down. So -- and I've also seen a couple early comments there on our -- where people are saying, "Well, you're probably sandbagging on your oil volumes in the fourth quarter." I know we've beaten the volumes in the first 3 quarters on the guidance, but don't assume that we're sandbagging in the fourth quarter because we are putting the brakes on it quite hard on the CapEx spending. And frankly, I expect it will hit about the midpoint of our 8-K target for the fourth quarter on our oil volumes and not overachieve. It's not due to lack of prospectivity. It's not due to well quality. It's just flat due to a coin-operated machine that we're putting less coins in there in the fourth quarter.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, the directionality is, what we intend to do, specifically in Eagle Ford is, the last 2 weeks in December, we are going to start dropping coins back in the machine at a pretty heavy rate. And it's not going to show up in any December volumes, but it's going to give us a headstart in January. It will start showing up in early January volumes. And we've got this ground into our numbers. So our intention is, is to get a pretty fast start out of the gate in early January. So I wouldn't -- don't assume that because we're losing momentum in the fourth quarter, that loss of momentum is necessarily going to carry over into the first quarter of 2013. We are adjusting for that, and we'll be reversing that momentum in December. And it should show up in the January volume numbers.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, yes, yes, the -- I would still say that the direction that we hope to be heading with the downspacing, if the downspacing's successful, is more likely to be that we end up with more locations at the 450 Mboe net reserve average as opposed to increasing the 450 Mboe average. So although certainly in certain areas, the wells are greater than 450 Mboe. But what we would hope the downspacing does for us is give us more locations with an overall aggregate average of 450 Mboe as opposed to raising that average across the entire acreage block. And that's what we hope the outcome is sometime in the first half of next year. And where we stand on the downspacing is we've got multiples, tighter spacing pilots than the 65 to 90 acres already drilled. We have initial tests on those tighter spacing pilots. They look good. And what they need now is time. We just need some time to observe the performance of those tighter spacing pilots to just see how they do and then cross check them against our computer models. And that's the phase where in now, it's just the -- some time to watch the production history on these tighter pilots.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, we should see that. We're -- if you check the 8-K, we're forecasting them to go up a bit in the fourth quarter, that's weather-related, particularly for the North Dakota side where you get this snow issues and things like that. But directionally, particularly on the oil side, as you look at the full year 2013, we expect to have another year of robust oil growth. I think you're going to see the unit cost trending in a good direction.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. The overall point I wanted to make is, I consider 2013 to be kind of an important year because really for the previous 3 years, we have clearly been fighting a large kind of a chronic organic free cash flow deficit each year. And it has been a shareholder concern issue. And 2013, I think, as long as oil prices are in the low 90s for WTI, I think we are finally going to free ourselves from that burden. And then as you project 2014, 2015, 2016, we're still going to have, I believe, peer-leading large cap group oil growth during those timeframes. And it's going to put us in a position where we're going to have flexibility to do some things that we haven't been able to do in the past, such as consider more significant dividend increases, consider accelerating our oil growth by additional CapEx increases if we wanted to. It certainly would put us in a position where we don't have to sell properties or possibly even buying in shares. So what I just wanted to note is that the one shareholder concern that people have had the last 3 years about us, in my opinion, is going to go away starting next year, and it's going to turn into a positive starting in 2014.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, and it kind of gets into our 2013 kind of capital allocation situation. The first thing we have to do is get a handle on what is the true resource here. Is it 1.6 billion barrels as it currently stands, which is our 65 and 90 acre spacing? Or is it some other number depending on what our spacing tests show. So that's kind of job 1, and we think we'll have that answer, as I mentioned earlier, within 6 months. And then based on that, then we decide how -- what's the most intelligent way to develop this thing. But I will say the direction for 2013 is to -- we are more likely to attempt to accelerate development above the 320 well level as opposed to decelerate the development below the 320 well level in 2013, assuming oil prices stay at current levels.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I mean, the direction I could give you is, and without trying to give you the exact numbers, but we're -- it's kind of like filling the pieces, we're telling you we're spending $7.6 billion this year. And if you say we spent $700 million on dry gas this year and we're going to spend $100 million next year, that ought to give you a pretty good direction on what we are thinking at this point in time our CapEx is going to be for next year. That's all I'll say about it at this point. But you can kind of fill-in the blanks there.
Mark G. Papa: Yes, well, again, our position is different than most peer companies. Most peer companies, when they -- it seems like, to me, when they acquire acreage on a potential new play, they make a big announcement about it often before they even drilled the well. And our position is just the opposite. Whenever we have a play that we have confirmed through multiple wells that works and whenever we've tied up whatever acreage level we want, that's the first time you'll hear about our greenfield play. And so, we're working on multiple ones, and the first time you hear about it is when we have everything tied up as closely -- as tightly as we can. So we're not going to give you an indication of any timeframe or anything related to them, other than to let you know we're working on some.
Mark G. Papa: Well, in general terms, I'd say that you'd be a pessimist to say a glass half-empty view of EOG's earnings report. I'd say that the previous quarter and this quarter, we've pretty much blown the doors off the earnings, particularly relative to most peer companies. So I'd -- in a polite way, I say I reject the glass half-empty view. So we have the advantage of having a -- the poker hand and looking at our cards for 2013. And what I can tell you, Brian, is I like the hand we have that we're playing for 2013. I wouldn't change it with anybody else's hand. I feel pretty comfortable. I would tell you, frankly, that the only thing that can sink the EOG's ship in 2013 is a disastrous decline in crude oil prices, and that's why we've hedged reasonably aggressively for 2013. So absent the major collapse in crude oil prices, what I would predict is that if you like what you saw of EOG in 2012, you're going to like 2013 from EOG. So that isn't a direct answer to your question, but I hope it gives you a feeling of the confidence that I have in our 2013 story.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. I would say, in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, the only reason we even came public on that was that a trade magazine had basically tracked our acreage position there and published it in a trade magazine. And so, the current status of that is, probably on the next earnings call, we will have a report from our first well. We have drilled a horizontal well and we'll be frac-ing it soon. And so we'll have some data on it, and of course, we're in a joint venture on that. And we'll just see what the results are. And in the Pearsall, we are aware that the Pearsall zone exists below the Eagle Ford on portions on our acreage. Frankly, we are not as enthusiastic regarding the Pearsall as some other companies are. And so, you don't see any advertisements in any of our books trumpeting the Pearsall. And so at this stage, we're not thinking that the Pearsall is going to be the next big huge stealth play for EOG.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. On the first question there on how many rigs we might run next year in the Eagle Ford again, I don't want to get too specific on there. But, I mean, we'd -- based on the efficiencies we're seeing in the days per well and the reduction in days per well, I mean, we might be in the range of 25 rigs next year or something like that. It doesn't look like it's going to be in the high-20s or anything like that for the Eagle Ford in there. And the completion crews, I think we're running 4 right now completion crews. And I don't have right now what number we would be running to for next year in terms of it. But like I say, in our next quarter, we'll be giving you a specific well count as to how many wells we would intend to drill in the Eagle Ford, and we can give you specifics on the completion crews and exactly how many rigs we would intend to run, as well as the Bakken, Three Forks, well count in the Wolfcamp and so on and so forth. So we're not trying to be evasive, but February is the time when we provide those level of specifics, and we'll give it to you at that time.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Your first part of that statement is correct that in rough terms, we're roughly cash flow neutral currently in the Eagle Ford. As far as on a go-forward basis, we don't look at just the Eagle Ford in terms of, did our -- our plan would be to run the Eagle Ford 2013 or 2014 on a cash flow neutral basis. We -- our decision on what we do with the Eagle Ford on a go-forward basis is going to be more a function of what we think the true total reserves are in the Eagle Ford and what are our alternative investment opportunities and what's the reinvestment rate of return in the Eagle Ford versus other areas. So it's -- we don't look at it just on Eagle Ford alone, really, Biju.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. The -- all this stuff about -- the stuff about what size choke and people producing in a link to the EURs, we probably have more knowledge, I mean, than any company, certainly on the Eagle Ford oil production than anybody. And what we have found is that the higher the gas-oil ratio, the more sensitivity the choke management -- the more important the choke management is. For example, in the Haynesville and in our Barnett Combo, we actively pursue choke management, and we are looking at, right now, choke management for our Wolfcamp areas. In the Eagle Ford, in the position where our acreage is, which is the black oil area or the area where we fortunately have very high oil portions of the mix, the choke management is not very important. Where other companies have acreage, where they have higher gas-oil ratios, the choke management may be important to ultimate recoveries. But we can't speak about their positions and whether choke management works or doesn't work on their acreage. What we can say is that on our acreage, choke management, in our opinion, is not that critical to EURs. And that's because we have the preferred acreage, frankly. It's just more oily. So that would be our response to that issue.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. Those probably -- the Baker-DeForest wells, I don't have the exact numbers, but they would be on the tighter spacing areas. I can't tell you whether they're on 65 or 90, but I would say they're probably closer to the 65- than the 90-acre spacing in terms of that. So what -- all -- essentially, all the 12 well -- monster wells that we would have related to you here in this particular quarter will be on pretty tight spacing on there. So it's -- what's happening is, it's -- the quality of acreage plus we're giving these wells larger fracs in terms of pounds of sand and number of stages relative to the fracs we would have given these identical wells, say, 12 or 18 months ago, and some other tweaks that are proprietary tweaks to the fracs. So those are the 2 things that are the keys to these monster wells.
Mark G. Papa: Yes. And it's just a more effective stimulation than we would have given to these high oil-in-place areas even a year ago or 18 months ago.
