William R. Thomas: Thanks Tim. Our first quarter performance was a great start to the year. We beat our production targets and are on track to grow oil production 18% this year. As you may recall, last year we made a permanent shift to premium drilling which means that new wells must earn a minimum total weighted 30% return on direct drilling and completion capital at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Our shift to premium drilling is the reason we can deliver high return double digit oil growth this year within cash flow including the dividend. Last quarter we talked about delivering this year's growth at $50 oil. We now believe we can deliver 18% oil growth within cash flow at $47 oil, a record for the company. Our premium strategy clearly sets EOG apart as one of the most capital efficient and lowest cost U.S. horizontal drillers. Our focus on growing low cost premium production will continue to drive down breakeven costs and strengthen our bottom line over time. Highlights from the first quarter include, one, both U.S. and total oil production beat the high end of our forecasts. Two, we increased our premium resource potential by 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent by converting 1,200 locations to premium for new total of 6.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent and 7,200 locations. That's a 27% increase in premium resource potential and 15 years of premium drilling at our current pace. Three, our Delaware Basin Whirling Wind wells set an industry all-time horizontal production record for the Permian Basin. Four, we continued to lower well costs in all our major plays and we are lowering full year operating cost guidance. And number five, the first quarter drilling program generated more than 70% direct after-tax rate of return. Generating high returns in today's price environment is a testament to the power of premium. It's also a testament, or rather the result of EOG's rate of return driven culture. When your entire team from entry-level professionals to executive management are incentivized by returns, as they are at EOG, it drives innovation. Innovative thinking is why EOG is consistently a first mover into brand new plays, delivering the best performing wells in the industry for the lowest cost in the industry. EOG was one of the first to both horizontally drill and hydraulically fracture the Barnett and the Bakken; the first to figure out that we can coax oil from extremely tight shale rock, leading to our second to none acreage position the Eagle Ford; the first to understand the benefits of complex near wellbore fractures versus biwing fractures; and the first to deploy high density completions and precision targeting that enables EOG to consistently deliver premium well performance. EOG's innovative culture incorporates rigorous geoscience, petrophysics and cutting-edge engineering in order to achieve return-focused technical advancements. Science and engineering of course requires data. 10 years ago, that data was analyzed using over-engineered spreadsheets. Today, we employ sophisticated analytics using our vast collection of data and technology tools that have been developed in-house at EOG. Now I'd like to introduce Sandeep Bhakhri, our Chief Information and Technology Officer. Sandeep has been with EOG 25 years on the front lines of EOG's information technology evolution. He will go into more detail on how EOG is using data science tools and mobile technology to enable faster innovation throughout the company.
William R. Thomas: Doug, the returns we're getting on these premium wells at $50 in, at $45 is very, very strong. It's in the $40 to $50, $60-plus in the first quarter, we were at 70% rate of return. So we feel like the economics of the wells even at low oil prices is extremely strong and the right call for the shareholders to continue to reinvest in those. We also have a very strong confidence. You heard us talk about this over the years that we can replace that inventory much, much faster than we're drilling it, so we don't believe we're spending our best wells in the lowest oil price. We believe that our wells actually will continue to improve over time as we continue to find better rock and apply new technologies. So our commitment is to grow within cash flow and to grow at very, very high return capital reinvestment rates and we believe that's the way to build shareholder value.
William R. Thomas: Bob, this is Bill Thomas. You're asking some information that's proprietary. But I'll give you some general guidelines. Certainly, the rock is variable in the Permian, particularly in the Delaware Basin. There is a lot of variability in a vertical sense and then laterally it does vary some too. So you need a lot of data to identify it, and we start with cores. We do an extensive amount of core work, full cores and analyze that rock. We integrate that into a petrophysical model and then we integrate all that data into 3-D seismic, and we create very detailed maps, structure maps and stratographic thickness maps before we even start to drill the well. So it does take a lot of very sophisticated geology to identify these targets and it takes a lot of data and a lot of really good G&G and engineering work to locate that lateral. And then importantly, we developed the in-house software as Sandeep and David described to keep the bit in that really good rock, 95% to 100% of the lateral. And when we do that and we do the sophisticated high-density completions, that's why the wells are so good. And so the goal is just continue to identify better zones, to have better execution and to continue to improve the frac technology over time. So we think there's a lot of upside left and we're very encouraged directionally, technically where we're headed.
William R. Thomas: Certainly. That's the goal, Bob, and that's our hope. We consistently improve performance over time and we are continuing to develop new tools and new ideas, and so we're hopeful that will continue in a very strong direction in the future.
William R. Thomas: Marshall, I think there's a slide in the IR deck. I think it's slide 10 that gives the metrics on our premium wells that we completed last year versus the non-premium wells, and they are remarkably better. I think this is one of the things in the Street that may be a little bit misunderstood. The premium wells are roughly, the returns on them are roughly a fivefold increase in returns. The finding costs are less than half. The capital efficiency is more than twice as good and the first year oil production on the premium versus non-premium is actually double. So the premium wells are remarkably better than the wells that EOG has historically drilled in the past, and EOG's in the past has drilled the best wells, we believe in the industry. So the premium wells are certainly a game changer for the company. And as we go forward and we add these low cost reserves to our reserve base, they will continue to drive down our DD&A rate, and that will filter to the bottom line. Our breakevens will be better and certainly help us on ROCE. So they're remarkably better wells, and I think that's maybe not quite understood by the Street. Thank you, Marshall.
William R. Thomas: In closing, the company is getting off to a great start in 2017. Each division in the company is focused on delivering industry leading premium wells, and we're tremendously excited about the future of the company. Over time, those low cost reserves will improve our bottom line and continue to create long-term shareholder value. So thank you for listening and thank you for your support.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: So yes, Brian. This is Billy Helms. Yes, in 2017, we don't have it on the chart, as you mentioned, but what we're seeing is we're delivering consistently better and better wells in every one of our areas. On the chart we show producing days of 360 days. We don't yet, being this early in the year, we don't yet have that many days of production on our 2017 wells. That's why the slide is not updated. But generally, what we're seeing is improving well performance even though in some areas, we're offsetting some depletion in some of the patterns that we're drilling. But overall, the targeting and the high density completions are continuing to improve our well performance. In addition, we are moving, as you noted, we're moving to more and longer laterals in our patterns, and that in addition is generating overall higher EURs per well. So I think we're pretty pleased. It's still early yet to say where that's heading, but we're excited about what we're seeing to date.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yes. Jeff, this is Billy Helms. On the increase there in the Delaware Basin, the majority of those are in the Wolfcamp. Of the 700 we added in the Delaware Basin, 425 were in the Wolfcamp and the remainder there in the Bone Springs and the Leonard. So the majority of it was driven by the Wolfcamp.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yes, Subash. This is Billy Helms. So in the Delaware Basin, I'd say we're still in the early innings of trying to develop our multi-well pads. We're testing largely, as you know, the Wolfcamp interval to start with and we've still got a lot of horizons to test, both most of which are above the Wolfcamp. And so we're looking at what is the optimal way to increase our well count in this area and ultimately end up with a greater number of wells in each section or spacing unit that we drill. But recently I think right now we're probably drilling on average three or four wells per pad initially, and we're coming back in behind that with additional development.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yes, Subash. This is Billy Helms again. I'd say we haven't seen that occur yet. We're continuing to optimize the spacing and completion design for every interval. Each interval is uniquely designed with the data that we collect that we've talked about and all of our tools that we use to analyze what is the best and most optimal way to develop each zone. So we haven't yet seen a limitation on how we space the wells or how we design our frac treatments. I'd say they're more customized. There's not a one size fits all I guess is the way I'd think about that. They're all optimized. I'd say we're still testing downspacing in several areas. Our resource assessment is based on our most recent analysis, but we're testing those and pushing the limits as we speak.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: The Permian, we have been historically in the years past 4,500 to 5,000 foot. I think the average lateral length this year is about 7,000 foot, and we continue to put acreage positions or bolt on acreage positions. We're trading acreage with other operators and consolidating positions to help us to continue to extend those laterals even further. So I think it will grow incrementally over time. It may not be the 10,000-plus lateral lengths like we've done in some of the other plays, but it will continue to improve and get better over time. The uplift on the economics is pretty dramatic on the longer laterals because they don't cost near as much, and so you get a big uplift on the economics and the returns on the longer laterals. And we've been able to, I think the most important thing, with our precision targeting technology and identifying the best rock and our ability to keep that bit in the best rock the entire lateral length, has allowed us to continue to have the same productivity per foot on the longer laterals as we do on the shorter ones. So if a long lateral is twice as long, we actually get twice as much oil. So that's a big technology gain that we've made just recently.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yes, Irene. This is Billy Helms. So those Whirling Wind wells are drilled in the Upper Wolfcamp, and what really led to the high production rates that we've seen is a combination of several things that we've talked about. And I see it leads off with understanding the geology and understanding where the best rock is and then being able to keep the target in that best rock throughout the length of the lateral, and these are over 7,000 foot laterals. And then combining that with the high density completion technology that we continue to advance, those, the combination of things is what led to that production increase, and we don't think we've reached the peak of that knowledge yet. We think we still have advancements that will continue to drive productivity increases throughout the play. Every play, the geology changes across the basin, so every location won't be exactly like the Whirling Wind wells, but there's still a lot of potential for improvement across the play.
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.: Yes, Irene, I wouldn't say that we'll continue to set record after record after record every well we drill, but I'd say the uplift on the overall program will continue to increase and I think, one thing that I think I would add some color to is that as we have stepped out with the inclusion of the Yates acreage, as we've stepped out across the play, we've seen uplift in the productivity more than so than we expected when we acquired that position. And so we've been pleasantly surprised by the application of the EOG technology to the acreage that we acquired in the Yates position to improve productivity across the basin.
