BillyHelms: Yes. Good morning, Leo. Yes, you're right at most of our CapEx is generally directed towards the Delaware Basin. So certainly on $1 basis that's where most of the savings are as well. Just to give you a little more color on the capital savings, about a third of the capital savings are from efficiency gains. A third from pricing improvements and a third is really just delaying facilities and infrastructure from the second quarter into the future third and fourth quarter of quarter. So from that we were able to see most of the cost savings probably on the completion side of our business, as I mentioned during the notes on the call, and you have to remember, we're still under some long-term contracts for drilling rigs and frac fleet. So, as that roll-off, we expect to be able to capture some of the market rate saving on those in the future, but we're seeing savings on some other ancillary services that I mentioned. Largely things like maybe chemicals being down 20% to 25%, some of the equipment rentals being down 20% to 30%. And things like that. So, you're seeing some savings on some of the other aspects of the business, not necessarily on the frac fleets and drilling rigs.
BillyHelms: Yes, thanks, Bill. As Bill mentioned, we're starting with a lot of flexibility with our decentralized culture, multi basin approach, we have the ability to move activity around quite extensively. On top of that, our exploration program, which is in basin really outside of our current operating areas, has the opportunity to further add to our non-federal drilling inventory. As Bill mentioned, we have quite a few premium locations that we've announced and about half of those are on non-federal lands. In addition, almost half of our premium locations that work at $30 are also non-federal lands and you can look at Slide 10 of our deck that illustrates that. So the part of that was to meet the rate of return hurdle at $30, about half of those are non-federal. So it's pretty good distribution of both federal and non-federal makeup, that entire inventory list. And the non-federal inventory is just as high quality as our federal. So the impact of our non-federal inventory it supports at least eight years of drilling with similar capital efficiency is we're experiencing in our 2020 plan. And Bill mentioned, we have quite a few federal permits, we have about 2,500 federal permits that are approved or in progress, and which is certainly more than four years of inventory. And also in the Permian Basin, over 90% of our federal acreage is held by production. Our government also provides, as Bill mentioned, an important system of checks and balances which provides for due process before any regulatory changes, and these changes have to consider the interests of all stakeholders, ultimately, regulatory and legislative changes that denies access to current property rights could amount to a government taking. So there certainly be some legal consequences of going through the process. And then, just to point out too, we have a very good close alignment with our stakeholders, including the communities we work in. And Mexico is a great example of that. We recently conducted a very successful partnership with a state control to complete our Closed-Loop Gas capture project and I mentioned earlier and on a day-to-day basis, I'm very proud of that close working relationship we have built with regulatory agencies really to have a responsible development, open communication, paying attention to their needs. It also enables us to meet our goals and operate in a timely and efficient manner. And our success in turn has helped support a better quality of life for the people of New Mexico, for example, in 2019; the state received nearly 40% of its overall revenue from the oil and gas industry. And that certainly supports the initiatives to increase funding for public health, education, and infrastructure improvements, and so on. On top of that, oil and gas development supports 100,000 jobs in Mexico along with the associated economic activity and benefits. A significant amount of that revenue from oil and gas activities on federal lands is also dispersed to the state governments to support local communities. And of course, the two states have benefited the most are New Mexico and Wyoming. New Mexico received $1.2 billion and Wyoming $641 million in 2019 alone. And the BLM estimates that oil and gas activity on federal lands provided about $70 billion economic uplift nationally, and supported about 300,000 jobs. So there are a lot of important considerations and stakeholders involved in any of these decisions to consider when changing the rules on federal land. So for these reasons, along with our diversion, and really growing inventory, we remained extremely confident that EOG will be able to continue to navigate through any changing regulatory landscape, just as we have in the past.
BillyHelms: Yes, Paul, thank you. The efficiencies we've seen a substantial amount of innovative ideas that have been generated and I think when people have more time to think, instead of doing things they think through and they are able to look at the data and analyze it. They are able to come-up with more ideas and a lot of creative ideas. One of the basis of our disciplined growth strategy is to grow at a pace that we can get better; we don't ever want to grow so fast and have so much activity that we cannot get to we cannot get better at the same time. So it's really is a balance you can only allocate capital in a certain speed; if you go too fast, you outrun your learning curve, et cetera, et cetera. So there is a benefit to a proper pace. And we have been able to benefit from this slowdown, every downtime that we are in. And we have experienced multiple ones over my 40-years. Every downturn, we make the biggest improvements in the company. It's a challenge, the times are challenging. This has been no different than any of the others; other than we're working more remotely than we ever have. And we're very fortunate to have in place our very extensive information technology system and our database, and all of our apps. In that we've leveraged all that technology to analyze and to make changes; and to come up with ideas how to kind of continue to improve the company. So we're super excited about where we're headed. I think we're going to exit this downturn a much, much better company; able to generate even higher returns than we have in the past, and really do all of our business better than we have in the past. So it's a very exciting time for us.
BillyHelms: Yes. Good morning, Neal, this is Billy. So on 2021 maintenance capital; previously, in previous quarter, we outlined the same capital number for about 420,000 barrels a day, which was believed to be at that time what our exit rate would be for the for 2020. Certainly bringing out a bunch of extra production this year, but also incorporating the cost savings we're achieving this year. We believe we can do this same capital dollar number $3.4 million, but maintain the exit rate we're seeing this year of 300 -- or 440,000 barrels a day, which is a significant improvement again in our capital efficiency number. So we believe we can maintain that as we go forward; that is not just meant to be a single snapshot. I think one thing it doesn't make into that and make sure everybody understands this is forecasting on what we're achieving today. It doesn't make in any improvements in, and well performance that we expect to be able to continue to see, as well as cost reductions that if things stay where they are, and we're saying in this environment; we're extremely confident we'll still continue to see cost improvements that will drive our maintenance capital number improvements in the future. So, yes, I'm extremely confident we can have ongoing maintenance capital program and this same kind of area that we're talking about today.
BillyHelms: Sure. Scott. This is Billy. So yes, you're right. We have actually 7 rigs counting to one in offshore Trinidad. So 6 domestically, 1 offshore. And our maintenance capital plan would require about 20 rigs and 10 frac fleets. And we're generally running as I mentioned 7 rigs and 5 or 6 frac fleet today. So we're well under it, when we pulled back our activity, we dropped to a level well below our maintenance capital level. And that's important to note. So the plan certainly going into the third and fourth quarter is be looking at whether or not we want to add a rig or two going into the next year to get to that maintenance level or not.
BillyHelms: Yes, sure, Scott. Yes, they are multiyear contracts. And I'd say they're various term-- various terms on the contracts. But in general, they're starting to roll off in the next 12 to 18 months. I think the one thing that's important to note is we build what we think are valuable relationships with our most trusted service providers. And we worked through this in partnership with them to make sure we retained not only the performance and the high performing equipment personnel, but the ability to ramp back up when we need to. So it gives us a lot of flexibility as we work through this. And I think, certainly, we build a lot by building that relationship. It's a very trusted relationship we have; it allows us to make to capture some cost savings just been able to capture rates at below market rates in current times, but also maintain the high performing levels of activity that we need to sustain our business. So we're very proud of our relationships we have with them. But, yes, they typically roll off in the next 12 or 18 months. And we'll kind of reassess where we need to be working with those trusted partners.
BillThomas: Yes, Leo, this is Bill. We've got a lot of experience drilling on federal land for decades, and we've been able to successfully navigate all the changes in the past; we've had many changes over the years. And so I'm confident we're well positioned to continue to adapt and not let those changes significantly affect us. There are two reasons why I'm confident. And then I'll ask Billy to add some additional color. The first is we've got a large amount of premium quality drilling potential on non-federal land; we have a tremendous inventory. That's really not affected by the federal changes; that provides significant operational flexibility. On top of that our exploration program that Ezra mentioned, we believe is going to provide some outstanding opportunities to continue to improve our inventory with better rock. And most of that is located on non-federal lands. And we've got a lot of confidence that we can continue to generate and add non-federal potential. That's even better what we have. And then we've got a very strong growing backlog of approved drilling permits on federal land. And I think Billy's got some numbers on that. And then number two; our governments that have a system of checks and balance that allow the voices of many stakeholders to be heard. And as a part of these checks and balances, any changes would take time and have to consider all those stakeholder interests. And so the success of our responsible development is aligned with many important states and communities where we operate; for example, from federal lands, they're shared, the revenues are shared with the States and in 2019 over $2 billion or revenue was paid out over to 35 states. And so it's not an easy thing to change significantly the Federal drilling potential. So I'm going to ask Billy to add some more color.
BillThomas: Paul. Yes, that's an excellent, observation. And we are fundamentally a return focus company and that's what we've been doing for a number of years. If you look back at the last three years, we gave out these numbers. They're on our slide deck, and I've talked about it in the opening, we've been a leader in the industry return on capital employed, so we're focused on improving returns every year. And we've also been a leader in generating free cash flow; we generated over one and a $1.5 billion of free cash flow over the last three years every year and for $4.6 billion. And that funded a very sustainable growing dividend. We increased the dividend by 72%, and we reduced our debt; our net debt over $2 billion. So we've been a very disciplined company, and we did all that at a spending level that was our cash, our CapEx to cash flow ratio was about 80%. So really what you're hearing from really the rest of the industry is are now moving into the model that EOG has been working really for the last three years. And we're thrilled about that. That is fantastic. For the industry, for investors, and certainly, it's very positive for all processes, we move forward. So, we agree, they're doing the right thing. And that's the thing that we've been doing for a number of years, and we fully support their move.
BillThomas: Neil. Yes, our focus on GHG reductions is in this forming this sustainable power group within our company is to really focus on technology, bringing technology forward more quickly inside the company, and it's really another organic efforts like we do everything else inside the company to really improve our emissions, but also make sure that we can do it at a very high rate of return. And so it's really to facilitate our ongoing culture. We have tons of ideas that are coming from our divisions, and our folks involved in the field operations. And so we -- so we're really excited about the technology, and the innovations that's coming forward. And we're really excited about continuing to reduce our emissions. And certainly any kind of technology in this area, we believe will not only benefit EOG, but it could benefit the industry. And so we're open with that. It's not a proprietary thing. It's something we're doing to really continue to improve our environment.
BillThomas: Yes, Phil. Yes, your observation is right. We believe a sustainable growing dividend backed by an impeccable balance sheet is certainly the best way to return cash to shareholders, and we're very committed to that. And we don't want to take anything away from that. Having said that, we're certainly open to consider other additional things options. And so when we certainly welcome any shareholder input on that, and we will remain open and flexible to do what's best for everybody.
BillThomas: Well, I think the biggest one is it's kind of unknown and inconsistent. And the feedback we've received from many folks as they were -- they would really focus on a more consistent growing dividend. And certainly as you pointed out, we've never ever cut the dividend. And we want to make sure it's sustainable and certainly backing it up with an impeccable balance sheet. And so the mix we've had over the last several years as we talked about, we believe is a really good mix. And we believe that will create very, very significant shareholder value going forward.
BillThomas: Yes, Doug. I think as we stated in the opening remarks; fundamentally, we believe we've got a very, very strong game plan. And we've got a tremendous track record to back that up, being the leader and return on capital employed in the industry, while generating very significant free cash flow; and giving it back in a very strong dividend increase, and strengthen our balance sheet. And we believe that was the right strategy before the downturn. It certainly has put the company in a tremendous position where we are right now. And going forward, we believe that's the right strategy going forward to continue to create significant shareholder value going forward. So we believe our game plan is really solid. Our growth is always been very disciplined. Again, we've only allocated about 80% of our cash to CapEx. And so we've been able to grow the company in a very disciplined pace. And as we go into 2021 and the future, obviously, we need to keep our eye on the macro view of oil. We need to be aware of the market conditions. We're not interested in growing all oil volumes at a strong pace and an oversupplied market. Certainly, that's not the right thing to do. But we want to continue when the time is right, we want to continue to grow the company at a disciplined pace, at the pace to where we can continue to improve our returns, and improve our performance.
BillThomas: Yes, Doug, we are really committed to our employees; they are the ones that are making our company better. They're the most valuable asset we have in the company. And so we have a lane, we run lane, we actually peaked on employment about four or five years ago; even though we've gotten a much bigger company, our employee base has really not grown. And so they're very highly productive. They're highly motivated. And they're certainly the part of the company that we want to keep intact and take care of and encourage. So we believe we're at the right size to be effective, to be ready as the downturn is over; so we're focused on continuing to maintain and to actually increase our culture or ability as we go forward, so we're very committed to keeping the company in great shape going forward.
BillThomas: Yes, the right level of free cash flow, Brian, is really a function of -- it's obviously variable every year, number one, based on the oil price. We normally we have -- and we will continue to kind of use a conservative view, our macro conservative view of what oil process will be that year. And then we certainly have a goal every year to generate significant amount of free cash flow; is example the last three years we've generated about $1.5 million a year on average free cash flow. And we want to use that to continue to, as Tim said, consider paying our debt now, our goal is to continue to paying our debt down more, and certainly continue to work on our dividends when the environment is healthy. And then after that we will allocate the capital, continue to allocate it at a very disciplined level just like we have in the past. And discipline means that we're not going to allocate the capital at a speed that's too fast to where we cannot learn and grow and get better. We want to always be increasing our capital efficiency and lower our funding costs. Continuing to lower our operating costs, and those kinds of things. And so you have to go at the proper speed to do that every year, and that's really the governor on allocating the capital. And whatever free cash flow is left over after all those things are done, obviously, it's that will be variable by year-by-year, according to the commodity process. We will continue to be committed to using that capital to continue to create shareholder value, and making sure we get the highest return possible avenues on using that cash.
