Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim, and good morning everyone. Our long-term game plan is simple, be one of the best performing companies across all sectors in the S&P 500. Our goal is to deliver double-digit returns and double-digit growth throughout commodity price cycles. In addition to high returns and disciplined organic growth, our goal is to generate free cash flow that supports a growing dividend and impeccable balance sheet and allows the company to take advantage of other opportunities, such as bolt-on property additions that meet our strict premium reinvestment standard or potential opportunities to repurchase shares when value accretive. In 2018, EOG accomplished our goal by delivering 15% return on capital employed, organically growing oil production 19% and generating $1.7 billion in free cash flow. Our 2018 performance places EOG among the very best, in line with top performers in any sector of the market. Last year, we earned a company record adjusted net income of $3.2 billion. Our 2018 15% return on capital employed at $65 oil surpassed our 2014 return on capital employed when oil prices averaged significantly higher at $95. It’s clear, our permanent shift to premium strategy three years ago has had a dramatic effect on the profitability of the company. EOG’s premium standard requires investments to earn at least 30% direct after-tax rate of return at $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Consistently applying this standard to our capital allocation decisions has reset the company to be successful throughout commodity price cycles. In addition to double-digit returns and growth in 2018, we also generated a company record of $1.7 billion in free cash flow, increased the dividend rate 31% and reduced our net debt to capitalization ratio from 25% to 19%, delivering high-return organic growth producing free cash flow, returning cash to shareholders by increasing the dividend and reducing our debt is a significant achievement. This combination is rare, not only in our industry, but in the broader market. Our ambition is to make this level of performance to norm for EOG Resources. Consistent with our long-term game plan, our 2019 $6.3 billion capital program is forecasted to deliver 12% to 16% U.S. oil production growth. We’re excited about 2019, because we’re building on our cost reduction momentum from last year. Per barrel cost – per barrel cash operating cost are expected to go down again this year. We continue to both improve well productivity and lower well costs and estimate that the average 2019 well will generate $6 million net present value at $55 oil. These improvements are expected to increase our capital efficiency by more than 10%. As a result, the price of oil needed to fund our 2019 capital and the dividend with discretionary cash flow is less than $50. With oil at $55, we expect to generate significant free cash flow. Our 2019 disciplined growth and capital program will allow the company to increase returns by discovering and applying new technological breakthroughs, improving operating efficiencies and continuously reducing cost in every area of our business. Accordingly, we are spending a bit less this year on growing oil and a bit more on opportunistic proprietary new horizontal potential. Applying our proprietary knowledge, we believe the new prospects have the potential to meaningfully improve the quality of our drilling inventory and improve our future returns. Today, it takes oil prices in the mid-50s for EOG to generate double-digit return on capital employed, and in the foreseeable future, we see that price dropping into the 40s. It would be incorrect to assume that EOG is permanently shifting into a lower-growth mode. Our goal is to continue to lower our break-even costs, improve margins and reset the company to sustainably deliver double-digit returns and double-digit growth throughout commodity price cycles. EOG continues to be the peer leader in return on capital employed and disciplined growth. We are rapidly becoming one of the low-cost producers in the global energy market and we embrace a strong commitment to sustainability. Our goal of double-digit returns, double-digit growth and free cash flow puts EOG in line with the best companies across all sectors in the market. We are truly excited about 2019, and our ability to continue to improve and to deliver significant long-term shareholder value. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance in 2018 and provide details on our 2019 plan.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In conclusion, our goal is simple, to be one of the best performing companies in the S&P 500. Our business model of high return organic growth is driven by our culture of return focused decision-making, low-cost operations, innovation, technology and a first mover advantage. We have a pleased, but not satisfied mindset that motivates every fiber of our company to continuously improve. EOG’s core business acumen, organic exploration, low-cost operations, advanced information technology and sustainability powered by our never satisfied innovative culture means, EOG has not remotely peaked. We are excited about our future and our ability to achieve our goal of delivering double-digit returns, double-digit growth and free cash flow throughout commodity price cycles. EOG’s premium combination is rare in the energy sector and places EOG in line with the top performers in any sector of the market. It is a unique and compelling combination we expect to demonstrate again this year and over the long-term to create significant value for our shareholders. Thanks for listening. And now, we’ll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun, thank you for the question. If you see the data we’ve released, our well productivity is beginning to improve significantly in most of the plays in the Delaware. And we have been tackling and addressing the parent-child relationship for a number of years and we’re – we have made significant improvements. I think the company’s ability to absorb data real-time and to make changes very quickly in our drilling programs in our well patterns has really paid off. So the new completion – ours that we’re using connects more rock. It also reduces the offset depletion effects and we also improved our targeting and our spacing. And to go back what Ezra talked about just recently, we’ve been able to do this and not really reduce. We’ve actually increased the recovery and we’ve increased the NPV and we’ve increased the rate of return all at the same time. So we made tremendous progress on solving the parent-child relationship.
Bill Thomas: Sure, Arun. Yes, the total focus on the new plays is to add better inventory. We have 9,500 premium locations right now. So we really don’t need more, we just need better. And so we’re – as Ezra talked about, we are targeting rocks that have better ability to produce oil and be able to respond to these new completion techniques that we’re coming up with, and to reduce our costs, increase our returns and make the company better in the future. So our total focus on all that is to add a lot better inventory than we have right now. And we are being able to add – or able to add at very, very low costs. So we’re actively leasing in plays like $500, certainly, less than a $1,000 an acre. And that certainly much, much better than trying to compete in these hot areas through M&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Leo, this is Bill. We’re not shifting into a low double-digit growth mode that needs to be really clear. We’re not really shifting down into a lower mode and maybe we – people might think. Specifically, this year, we’re allocating a bit less capital to drilling oil and a bit more capital to drilling for new potential. So that affects this year’s rate a little bit. But certainly, as we’ve demonstrated in the past, we have tremendous ability to grow. It’s really easy for EOG to grow with our capital efficiency so high and such a huge deep high-quality inventory. But we said governors with our disciplined growth strategy, investment governors. And so the first one is, we want to generate free cash flow every year; and the second one is, we want to grow at a pace, where we can take advantage of the learning curve and continue to increase our returns and capital efficiency. So as we continue to get better and increase efficiency and add new higher – even higher quality inventory than we have right now, it will become easier for us to grow and to sustain and deliver strong high return growth. So don’t count us shifting into a lower mode.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Leo, this is Bill again. That’s certainly what we’re focused on with our exploration effort is to improve our ability to deliver return on capital employed. And because we’re able to acquire this – these positions at very, very low-cost, $500, $1,000 an acre. And they’re in areas where there infrastructure. We’re not in remote areas that – they’re not going to be difficult to connect really good markets. They’re in areas where we have very capable operating efficiencies with our seven domestic divisions in the company. And so we can move on them and we can test them very quickly and evaluate them. And then pretty quickly within a year or so, we could put them in a pretty strong development mode. And so we – we’re taking our advantage of being first movers in these plays and getting there before other people may not – may realize the potential of them. And we’re focused on better rock than we have right now. And those – that combination of low-cost and better productivity, we believe could meaningfully improve the returns of the company and down the road will improve our ability to deliver oil at even lower prices and generate return on capital employed at even lower prices.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Charles, this is Bill. Yes, we use multiple parameters to set our program every year. But certainly, one of the first ones is, we want to build a program based on our view of the macro certainly, what oil prices might be and put us in a position to generate free cash flow every year. So that’s the first one. And so, over the last several years, $50 has been a good rule of thumb for that and it’s worked really well for us. And then our goal is to set the capital allocation at a rate that will continue to improve our returns. So that we can take advantage of the learning curve and continue to get better every year and continue to improve our capital efficiency. So with that in mind, we set the program to give us a good chance to generate significant free cash flow to do the things that we’ve talked about reducing our debt and certainly, being able to have the ability to work on the dividend on a much stronger rate than we have in the past years and to get better at the same time.
Bill Thomas: Michael, as we stated on free cash flow, our priorities are to target – to be able to be in a position to target a stronger dividend increase. And we’ve been doing it in historical past, which has been 19%. And then we certainly have outlined a very strong debt reduction, as Tim talked about earlier, and we’ve got about $2.65 billion in the next three years to – we want to reduce that. And so our priority to maintain a strong balance sheet is – has put us in a position, where we have the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities down the road in the future, such as high-return, low-cost property additions, particularly things that could go in conjunction with these new plays that we’re talking about. And it puts us in a position to consider potential share buyback. So share buybacks could be an option, when our senior management and our Board indentify a value-accretive opportunity in the future. So we continuously consider all the options what is in the best interest of the shareholder. And our primary focus is on creating the most value for shareholders in the future. So we’ll continually consider on a quarterly basis free cash flow availability and what is the best allocation of capital to create the most value.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug. Certainly, you’ve identified two of the key things is a return on capital employed. We think we can be competitive even through the commodity cycles with double-digit and we believe on growth that we can be competitive with any sector through the commodity cycle. And as we work on lowering the cost basis of the company and our capital efficiency, we will target free cash flow. And as we continue to generate free cash flow and get better at doing that, that allows us to return more cash to the shareholders. Certainly, first, we picked through dividend. We’ve already outlined our debt reduction. And then down the road, it comes to where we have situations where we can have accretive value through share purchases, we’ll consider that too. So we’re committed to making the company better in every means. And we certainly believe that our culture and our business model has the ability to compete with any company in any business.
Bill Thomas: Well, Doug, as – if you consider the metrics that and the value that we’re creating by drilling possibly 700 wells this year. As I stated in the opening call, the net present value – discounted net present value is about $6 million per well. So our drilling program this year is creating more than $4 billion of value, that’s a significant thing. And so you can obviously – when you’re reinvesting its super high rates of return and creating that much value per well, that is an exceptionally good. There’s not many businesses and in any business that can create that kind of value. And then second of all, we truly believe that we can be among the low-cost producers in the energy market. So that gives us a competitive advantage. We have a lead we believe versus our competitors in cost and being the low-cost producer and we also have the culture to get better faster than most of our competitors. So we have a long-term sustainable business model. And our goal is to create tremendous value and be able to – through growth and returns and be able to do that sustainably for a long period of time.
Bill Thomas: Thank you. Again, we’ll continue to evaluate what’s best for the shareholders on a quarterly basis and make the appropriate decisions going forward.
Bill Thomas: Paul, this is Bill again. We – we’re not focused on this the size of it. We’re really focused on the quality of it. And that’s why, of course, we’re – as we talked about, that’s not we’re working on new these new play concepts. And so we believe that our inventory, even the lower tier part of our inventory is probably comparable, maybe even better than much of the inventory that’s been drilled by the U.S. And that has a lot of value in the future. So we’ll continue to work on getting value for that. We’ve sold quite a bit of property over the last few years, I think, over $6 billion over the last five years or so. So we’ll continue working on tearing off the lower-quality and adding on to the higher-quality and improving the overall metrics of our inventory.
Bill Thomas: Yes That’s correct, Paul. I think we’re a bit more decentralized than most other companies. And that decentralized structure is a huge advantage in the company, because we can execute on each one of these plays with a very dedicated, strong group of people that can learn quickly and apply the technologies and the learnings that we’re getting across the company and we share those. And so we can, with our scale, with our ability to share data and learnings, we can execute each one of those plays at a very efficient manner. And when you have multiple plays, you can take each play slower. So that you can take advantage of the money, because you don’t have to go so fast on any of them and it makes all your plays better. So – and it give you a very stable high-return and high-growth portfolio to continue to build the company on.
Bill Thomas: In closing, EOG’s results in 2018 were the best in company history due to the excellent work by everyone in EOG. We’re headed into 2019 with tremendous momentum, so we’re very excited about the year. EOG has never been in better shape. We are pleased, but not satisfied, so we fully expect to continue to get better. Our goal is to be one of the top performers in the S&P 500 with double-digit returns and double-digit growth through commodity cycles and deliver significant long-term shareholder value. Thanks for your support and thanks for listening.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Bill. Our high-return production growth in 2018 is a result of investing in our diverse inventory of premium drilling across 11 plays in six different basins. EOG’s 2018 performance illustrates the perseverance of our operating teams to continually get better by improving both well productivity and reducing cost, the two key components that drive sustainable improvements in capital efficiency. In the fourth quarter of 2018, we made the decision to maintain activity and retain top-performing service providers in order to accomplish these two specific goals. As a result, and in the face of increasing oil prices and service cost inflation throughout most of 2018, EOG achieved a 3% reduction in the average well cost by the fourth quarter. To be clear, the cost improvements are not from decreases in service cost, instead the lower cost are due to more efficient operations from faster drilling speeds, increased completion stages per day, reduced sand cost, water recycling and infrastructure projects. In addition, you can see the improvements in well productivity across our plays, with the fourth quarter well results provided in the presentation slides. Our 2019 program is built upon these already proven results of the existing domestic program. Furthermore, our operating teams continue to deliver results consistent with the well cost and productivity achieved last year. As a result, the momentum carried from 2018 gives us confidence that we can achieve the 2019 plan objectives. In addition, by retaining these services, we have secured about 65% of our anticipated services and materials requirements for 2019. We negotiated terms at both lock in services cost and maintain flexibility to adjust our activity level depending on market conditions. However, it is important to note that we will not increase capital should oil prices increase. We forecast our 2019 $6.3 billion capital program will deliver 12% to 16% U.S. oil production growth. Every one of our major plays is expected to contribute to that growth. The plan is designed to generate significant free cash flow and is balanced below $50, meaning, we can cover our capital and dividend with discretionary cash flow. The 2019 plan includes slightly more capital for gathering and processing and other facilities, which largely consist of additional water and oil gathering infrastructure in our major plays. In Trinidad, we allocated a small increase as well for its drilling program in 2019. Our domestic development program spend will be slightly lower, but much more capital-efficient due to advances made last year. In addition, we continue to make progress in advancing new completion technology that we believe will further improve well productivity and reduce completion cost. Early results indicate measurable increases in production performance. In addition to what is assumed in our 2019 plan, we have set further ambitious goals, including reducing total well cost another 5%, lowering all-in finding cost 10%, improving well productivity through the application of new technology, 90% of wells drilled meeting the premium definition and adding new premium inventory at a pace faster than we are drilling it. Finally, our 2019 plan includes more capital for exploration of new drilling potential. Here’s Ezra to update you on those efforts.
Billy Helms: Thanks, Ken. The Bakken remains an important asset in EOG’s diverse portfolio of plays, providing flexibility for reinvestment at our premium return hurdle rate. Over the last several years, we’ve made significant progress in the Williston Basin on precision targeting, the drilling and completion efficiencies. Between better well production and tremendous cost improvements, our Bakken program delivered over 70% direct well level returns. In 2019, we’ll continue to focus our 20 net well plan in the Bakken core and expand our development of the Antelope Extension. The Antelope Extension is part of our Williston Basin core acreage and the area now benefits from additional midstream infrastructure and takeaway capacity, driving better economics through reduced transportation cost and LOE. We are also testing new completion technology and are optimistic that it will improve productivity and lower cost. 2018 was an incredible year for operational improvements in our Rockies plays in the Powder River and DJ Basins. We increased our completions efficiency dramatically, achieving a 38% improvement in feet of treated lateral per day. Our cost to drill averaged just $100 per foot and drilling days declined 20%. Rockies-wide, we either met or beat all of our cost targets for the year by the end of the first quarter of 2018. In the Powder River Basin, our core acreage doubled to more than 400,000 net acres following the 2016 Yates merger. In 2018, we added more than 1,500 premium net drilling locations and nearly 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent of net resource potential through the addition of Mowry and Niobrara shale plays and new locations identified in the Turner sand. Furthermore, as we continue to block up our acreage position, we see significant upside to add to our premium inventory over time. During the fourth quarter, two Powder River Basin Mowry wells came online, delivering an average 30-day initial production of more than 2,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Powder River Basin Turner, we completed four wells that averaged 1,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first 30 days. Last year, we moved the DJ Basin into full development and produced record volumes of nearly 30,000 barrels of oil per day. But the bigger story in the DJ was drilling performance. Average drilling days were already an impressive 4.4 days and we reduced another 7% to 4.1 days. Due to lower pressure, the IP rates aren’t as flashy as some other plays, but these are some of the lowest-cost wells in the company and they consistently deliver premium level returns. The sustainable improvements we have made to the cost structure of the Powder River Basin and the DJ Basin over the last year, combined with moderate decline wells, drove record low finding cost and record high returns in 2018. Performance from our Rockies plays are highly competitive with our largest premium assets. Here’s Ken to review our year-end reserve replacement and finding cost.
Billy Helms: Yes, Paul, this is Billy Helms. Thanks for asking about Slide 13. It’s a new slide that we put into illustrate the confidence we have in improving our capital efficiency year-over-year. We’ve made tremendous strides on both lowering our well cost and improving the productivity of the wells and is starting to dramatically show up. And this slide is based on not forecasting additional cost reductions, but based on our results we’re seeing today in the wells we’re completing here at year-end. So we’re very confident. And basically, the way you calculate the decline from that, if you go back and look at the production year-over-year, you can see the production in 2017 to 2018 and the capital number there $5.9 billion divided into those differences will give you the – and the capital efficiency number will give you the decline rate in 2018. And you do the same mechanism for 2019 using the midpoint of our guidance, compared to the 2018 production volumes with that capital efficiency number you can back into the decline rate of 31%, as it illustrates here on the slide. Year-over-year, our capital efficiency is improving. But as we grow volumes, those first year volumes, of course, are – have a steeper decline in the base production. So year-over-year, the base decline did increase from 2018 to 2019. And that’s just simply, because the volumes are getting much bigger. So that tells you that we’re adding – for the same amount of dollars, we’re adding a lot more new oil at our capital efficiency rate that we have today. So that’s the implication.
Ezra Yacob: Thanks, Billy. Our decentralized structure allows our asset teams to identify high-quality unconventional reservoirs and capture acreage as the first mover with low-entry costs. Our ability to capture the sweet spots of these plays is the most significant reason we consistently drill top tier performing wells. Currently, we are leveraging proprietary knowledge from numerous plays across our portfolio and have identified multiple opportunities. We’re focused on applying our technical knowledge of horizontal drilling and completions to higher-quality unconventional reservoirs, and we’ll be leasing acreage and drilling our initial test wells in 2019. Our goal is to increase the quality of our inventory with new plays that can deliver higher production at lower costs, providing a vehicle for continued improvement of our finding costs, DD&A rate and ultimately ROCE. By focusing more resources to these new innovative play concepts, we’re taking advantage of market conditions to opportunistically add low-cost, high-return inventory to our portfolio. I’ll now discuss our Delaware Basin results, where we produced more than 220,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018, making it our fastest growing asset for the third year in a row. Oil production grew nearly 50%, averaging 127,000 barrels of oil per day, with more than 260 net wells going to sales. In addition, we more than replaced those wells, identifying 375 net new premium locations last year. We also made significant progress blocking up our acreage through trade adding 600,000 feet of premium treated lateral, which is the equivalent of about 85 well locations. Last year, we focused our attention on developing larger packages, drilling longer laterals and increasing our operational efficiency across our 400,000-plus net acre position in the Delaware Basin. The results of this effort includes a 31% increase in completed lateral feet per day, a 9% decrease in completions cost and an 18% reduction in drilling days per well. We also continued strategic expansion of our oil, gas and water infrastructure. In 2018, we put into service an oil gathering system and terminal across the core of our acreage position. This system and terminal will ultimately have up to five connections to downstream markets, where we secured firm capacity to Cushing and Corpus Christi. In 2018, we flowed about half of our oil production through this system, resulting in over $22 million in transportation savings. We will realize increased savings in 2019 as additional wells are connected to this oil system. Our current target is to have 85% of our oil production on pipe by year-end. The first-half of 2018 was also marked by extensive learnings from spacing tests, both horizontally within one target and staggered vertically across multiple targets. From our test, we gathered a tremendous amount of drilling completions and production data and have applied those learnings to our development program. Optimizing our target spacing and completions designs based on local geology resulted in an increased well performance during the second-half of 2018. Our Delaware Basin program last year highlights our ability to quickly transform data collection and analytics into better well productivity and lower well cost in order to optimize the returns and NPV of this world-class asset. Using what we learned in 2018 to refine our spacing and staggered development patterns, combined with new completion technology, we expect to continue to improve well productivity throughout 2019. Next up is Ken to review highlights on our Eagle Ford and Woodford Oil Window plays.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra Yacob. As we discussed in the opening remarks, and I think it’s – you can see a good illustration on Slide 11 on the presentation. We’re really focused on adding higher-quality plays to the inventory as we’ve done over the past couple of years as opposed to just increasing the quantity. We’ve – we’re utilizing a lot of data captured over the last few years in the Permian and the Powder and the Woodford to develop some new horizontal play concepts. And we’re really focused on applying our horizontal drilling and completions techniques to a higher-quality unconventional reservoir some that we’ve identified. And as we said, we’ll be leasing and drilling some test wells in those – in 2019. And so the important thing, the way to think about it really is, since we’re just kind of leasing and testing those this year, we probably won’t have a potential exploration announcement. But we’ll be able to update you as we gather more data on these.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Neal, this is Ezra again. I think, it’s a combination, not really up-spacing. What we try to do as far as converting existing non-premium wells into the premium status is really through two different mechanisms. The first is lowering well costs and dominantly doing that through sustainable kind of operational efficiency gains. But then also making strides on both the high grading of our targets and especially in 2018 advancing our completions technology, where we can actually improve the well productivity. And so, again, it’s a combination of increasing well productivity and lowering cost to get those across our premium threshold.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Paul, this is Ezra again. So the Austin Chalk there in South Texas that we’ve talked about is considered part of our premium plays there, where it overlies with our Eagle Ford development program. As far as – it’s been documented out there that we’ve got some other exploration opportunities there in the Austin Chalk. And that part of it would be considered in the exploration spend. As far as the well counts there in Austin Chalk and the Eagle Ford area, that’s just going to – simply the wells that we have put to – the wells that we’re forecasting and put to sale this year are with respect to where we’re at in our development program there. As you know, geologically, as we’ve talked about, it’s a bit of a complicated – a little more complex than the Eagle Ford down in South Texas. And so we’re really moving a little bit slower on that and making sure that the premium wells that we’re drilling on there are the quality that will be additive to our program.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles, this is Ezra. Really, when you look at it over the bulk of the year between 2017 and 2018, I think, on average, our spacing was pretty consistent. As we’ve talked about in the past, it really is going to change across that base and depending on how many of our specific targets that we’re aiming for in developing and co-developing. And we aim to target as we’ve talked about before, any targets that are kind of within maybe a couple of hundred feet of each other. And so as we talk about the improvements and optimization of spacing vertically and horizontally, it’s if you think about it in a stacked and staggered manner. And so we’ve definitely tested as we highlighted on one of the earlier calls last year as tight as a 400 – approximately 400-foot staggered spacing pattern. And obviously, we’ve targeted much wider than that. I think at the end of the day what we’re seeing is, there’s a lot of potential upside there to our announced resource potential. As you recall, our type curve in the Wolfcamp Oil Window is based on a 660-foot spacing in just one Wolfcamp target across the whole of our Wolfcamp oil acreage.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Michael, this is Ezra again. That’s a great question. Without giving too much away, what I would say is, just reiterate again what we talked about, and I think you’re on the right track with it is we are targeting – we’re looking to apply our horizontal drilling and completions technology to in general just better rock quality in these unconventional reservoirs. It’s a variety of different things that we’re looking at. And really, it comes from combining datasets, as I said, that we’ve collected over the last few years in development in the Permian and the Powder and including the Woodford also. And so the way to think about it really is that, the actual rock quality is going to be better than what we’ve traditionally targeted horizontally. And I think that’s what really we want to – is going to help us increase the quality of our inventory. And it should hopefully shallow the decline that these unconventional plays are kind of known for. And really that should help reduce our finding cost, lower our DD&A and play into helping us achieve our long-term goals of double-digit growth and double-digit returns.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, everyone. I mean in the uncomfortable position of supporting the previous couple of questions. They were actually very much in line with what I was going to ask about, particularly the accretion definition, which I know is always difficult. But also the balance between growth and returns relative to the stock price performance. One further one I would just add is, do you have a comment on motion for your premium inventory life, which seems to be steadily rising? I wondered if there was a point at which there was no need to raise it anymore now than you’re getting deal for 13 years? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Again, it’s – further to that firstly, if there is a potential to increase your definition of premium inventory and so accrete returns through higher hurdle rate, even I accept that your hurdle rate is impressive. But as you’re constantly growing, potentially, you could skew towards more returns of a growth through that? And secondly, I completely hear what you’re saying about disposals, but you do seem to becoming more and more spread in more and more areas, potentially the – potential for increased disposals, I guess, would be an additional logical continuation of that strategy? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Sure. Okay, thanks. I mean, the problem does remain that the stock is not competing with the S&P in the way that you wanted to, I think, that’s what we’re driving at? Thank you.
