Billy Helms: Thanks Bill. For the third quarter in a row we exceeded expectations delivering more oil for less capital than we forecasted at the start of the quarter. Oil production beat the high end of our target range at over 464,000 barrels per day and we spent less capital than expected coming in right at the low end of the target range of $1.5 billion. Well performance continues to drive production to the high end of our estimates. As discussed during the second quarter call the primary reasons for the improved well performance are enhanced completion designs along with the use of diverters and a heightened focus on target selection. Capital expenditures continue to trend to the low end of expectations as our operating teams identified new techniques to lower well costs to improve capital efficiency. As of the third quarter, I can report that we have achieved our year-end goal of reducing well cost by 5%. We believe the cost reduction to be sustainable as it is driven by continued efficiency improvements not service cost reductions. For example if you look at our two most active plays; the Delaware Basin and the Eagle Ford the average time to drill a well has collectively been reduced by 20%. As our drilling teams maintain their steady push to reduce drilling times, we require fewer rigs to execute our program compared to last year. Specifically, we now plan to only average 36 rigs this year as compared to 40 rigs back in February. This is a tremendous testament to the efficiencies of EOG's drilling teams. They were able to realize faster drilling times with innovative advancements such as in-house designed, drilling motors engineered to improve performance and reduce failures. We still plan to complete about 740 wells this year and expect quarter-over-quarter production growth entering 2020. As Bill stated earlier, if oil prices are in the mid-50s, we expect growth in 2020 to be similar to 2019. Capital expenditures -- capital savings from efficiencies realized throughout the year are beginning -- allocated to one of two areas: leasing acreage and new exploration plays and high-return infrastructure projects that are lowering lease operating expense. Across the board, 2019 is shaping up to be the best year we've had operationally and is particularly notable across our company-wide per unit operating expenses. At the start of 2019, lease operating expense on a unit basis was initially forecasted to be flat year-over-year. However, we now expect full year 2019 LOE to be 4% lower than 2018. At the midpoint of our 2019 DD&A guidance range of $12.65, we were on track to deliver the lowest rate since EOG's transition from a natural gas company to oil. Our permanent switch to premium drilling continues to transform the company, driving down finding and development costs, reducing D&A and enabling EOG to deliver double-digit returns throughout commodity price cycles. Also of note during the third quarter, we entered into long-term gas supply arrangements with Cheniere Energy. Consistent with our strategy of having flexibility and diversity in marketing our products, these arrangements provide additional markets for off-take and pricing diversity for up to 440 million BTU per day starting in 2020 with the ultimate goal of maximizing the realized price for our growing production of low-cost natural gas. Now I would like to provide some color on the Bakken and other Rockies plays. In the Bakken this quarter we completed 15 wells with an average IP-30 of 2150 barrels of oil per day, 300 barrels of NGLs and 2 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. Our strong well results reflect the impact of EOG precision targeting and our new completion techniques. The highlight for the quarter was the Clarks Creek 18 well that was completed in the Three Forks with an IP-30 of 3800 barrels of oil per day. This well is our best well to date in the Bakken, which along with strong performance from other wells completed this quarter are a testament to the continued improvements we see across our entire inventory. In the Powder River Basin, we completed a total of eight wells including four wells in the Parkman, three wells in the Turner and one well in the Niobrara. It is worth noting that our premium inventory in the Powder River Basin now includes the Parkman which we have combined with the Turner play. The Niobrara completion, the Arbalest 473 had an IP-30 of 1250 barrels of oil per day with 250 barrels of NGLs and 4 million cubic feet a day of natural gas. We continue to be encouraged by the results of our program in the Powder River and look forward to its growth in the near future. Next up is Ken to discuss the Eagle Ford.
Billy Helms: Yes, thanks Bill. Yes, Brian, as we go into 2020 first of all, it's a little bit early to kind of give you too much detailed guidance on where we are. We don't expect to be able to reduce our rig count any further in 2019. As we go into 2020 depending on what oil prices look like, we'll set what our activity is going to look like, but we certainly have the capability of increasing rig activity if the prices so warrant. The bottom line is we fully expect to deliver quarter-over-quarter production growth as we enter into 2020. So the growth of -- the amount of which would be dependent on what the oil prices look like.
Billy Helms: Yes. This is Billy Helms. What we see on the service side, I guess, is the service industry is pretty much at a low. I wouldn't expect to see much further cost reductions on the service side. I think services are at a pretty low price point at this present time. And for them to stay healthy, to be able to service our industry, I think there's not much room to go any lower. So I think the important thing for -- to differentiate, as Bill said, on EOG is that, we're not dependent on service cost to really continue to reduce our well cost. I think that's an important point to make. Our operating teams continue to find ways to drill the wells faster, figure out more efficient completion techniques drive our lease operating costs down to improve our overall economics. And that's really what's driving EOG's continued efficiency gains.
Billy Helms: Yeah, I think an important point to take away, Neal is that this represents our best estimate going forward on each play. The Eagle Ford as we've talked about it's an update relative -- taking into account the number of wells we drilled and then what we have remaining. The important point on the Eagle Ford is to recognize as Ken discussed, we have 2,200 remaining locations that we can continue to work on to convert to premium over time as we continue to move into areas that are less developed. So I think that's the upside on the Eagle Ford. The rest of the plays it just represents kind of what we see as the remaining inventory at this point in time for each one of these plays that are mentioned here. And overall it's in keeping with replacing -- more than replacing what we drill every year.
Billy Helms: Yeah Leo. This is Billy Helms. I think the takeaway would be we're going to be targeting as Bill said how do we continue to improve, what we do. We're not going to give you any specific guidance on how much capital that's going to deploy. We have the capability of increasing activity if the commodity outlook supports that. But we're going to stay extremely flexible at this point in time to make sure that as we go into the next year, we're doing so with the discipline that we want to maintain in each one of our programs. So I guess we certainly have the capability of doing whatever the market shows us that is prudent to do. And our programs will support it. And we have the teams to execute any of those programs. So we'll just, kind of, leave it there for right now.
Billy Helms: Yes, Scott. It's not any one specific thing that helps us achieve these improved efficiencies. It goes back to what Bill talked about in his opening comments. It's the culture of the company. It's the drive of every one of our operating teams to continue to get better. And I couldn't be prouder of the execution those guys have made. One example on the drilling side to help us get the wells drilled faster as I mentioned in the prepared remarks the innovations we've made on designing drilling motors that enable us to increase the speed at which we do and the reliability of those tools to keep them in the ground is just one example. There's several examples on the completion side that go along with that to allow us to complete more of the lateral feet per day than we used to a year ago at a much lower cost and still deliver the same productivity improvements that we're seeing as we deliver the production from our wells. So it's just a number of different things. And it's hard for us to capture them all in one call like this, but just to say, that everybody in each division is working hard to try to continue to improve every day.
Billy Helms: Scott, we're not I think ready at this point to give you a specific number on that. But we do certainly have an ongoing exploration and leasing program and so we'll continue to keep that up. But we won't give you a specific number on that. We're still working through all those details.
Billy Helms: Yeah. I think we're very pleased with the early results we're seeing from the Niobrara play. It's -- it looks to be something that we had hoped for. It's going to be more of an oily play in that Powder River Basin that we can grow oil volumes. And be competitive with the rest of our inventory. And we're going at a pace now, that's really dictated by the learning's that we're taking into account, but also the infrastructure we have there now. And as we've mentioned in earlier calls, the pace of activity will be really married up with our level of spending on infrastructure to grow that play. But it looks to be a play that we can see us growing another leg of growth that we'll have in the future.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Tim. In conclusion, there are several important takeaways from this call. First, EOG's 2019 operating performance is the best in company history. Our high-return disciplined growth strategy is producing strong returns, strong growth and substantial free cash flow. At the same time, we continue to get better in every area of the company. Second, our premium inventory continues to grow in both size and quality much faster than we drill it. Third, the company continues to reduce costs and with our pleased-but-not-satisfied mindset, we see endless opportunities to continue to lower cost in the future. Fourth, our GHG reduction and water reuse efforts demonstrate our leading, innovative and returns-focused approach to environmental stewardship and sustainability. And fifth, EOG is a resilient company. Our culture produces sustainable success. As we look ahead, we're confident and excited about the company's ability to continue to create significant long-term shareholder value with performance that competes with the best companies in the S&P 500. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes, as we said early in the remarks, Brian that our -- we're really having a fantastic operation this year in the operational momentum that we've got going and the company is going to carry over into 2020. So I'm going to ask Billy to comment a little bit more on the specifics about that.
Bill Thomas: Subhash, yes, I think, just in general, the U.S. shale industry, I think, year-over-year production growth is slowing. That's certainly not the case for EOG. I think, we continue to differentiate ourselves by continuing to improve and our well productivity remains very, very strong and robust. We continue to -- as Ezra pointed out, we continue to drill record wells. And we continue to have record drilling times and we're setting new records really literally almost every play on well costs. So the key to success in any business is getting better all the time and lowering your cost and getting your production up and maintaining a very, very strong performance. And I think the EOG culture is quite unique in the business and it really sets EOG apart.
Bill Thomas: So, I think, we want to be really clear on that. We do not envision doing any large M&A, expensive M&A, especially expenses. M&A is -- large M&As are just really not in our game plan. We have tremendous confidence in our organic ability to generate very strong, even better quality inventory than we currently have. And we can do that organically at a much, much lower cost, even compared to what you might think M&A could produce. So our game plan will be continuing to focus on organic growth, low-cost growth, adding inventory that would be additive to the quality that we have and adding that at really low cost. And we believe we can add very much a large amount of inventory that way if we -- I think, we commented that we're looking -- we're operating in six different basins and we have active prospects in 10 different basins ongoing right now. So it's the most robust exploration effort, I've been with the company 40 years, that I've seen in the company. So we've got a lot of confidence in our ability to more than replace and to improve our inventory going forward at very, very low cost.
Bill Thomas: Now, then you're exactly right, Charles. What we said, is -- what we say is that, we can -- we believe, we can deliver mid-teens growth. We can grow the dividend and generate substantial free cash flow with oil at about $55. So we want to continue to operate. Obviously, if you look at the company right now, we're operating in a continual -- a very high level, an optimum level. And we're generating a lot of free cash flow. We're producing really, really strong growth. And if you look over the last two years, we've grown the dividend over 70%. So that's what we want to continue to do in the future. We want to continue to make sure that, first of all, that we're maximizing our returns. Our company's focus has always been on returns and returns come first. And volume growth is just an expression of reinvesting at high returns. So we want to operate at a point, at a level, at a growth level where we continue to get better every year. And so next year, because of the operational momentum, we have this year and the ongoing cost reductions, we see that continuing going into next year. And so, our focus is to get better and to make better returns next year. And that will help us to grow at a very healthy rate and it also help us to generate very substantial free cash flow. And so, we're also focused on the dividend. We want to have -- as we've talked in the past, I think, we've kind of -- a very good indication over the latter of the last two years, with dividend increases of 30% or better per year. And we want to do that going forward. We're not going to commit to the level we're going to increase the dividend specifically, but we want to continue to have strong dividend growth in the future. And so, of course, that all depends on the macro environment what the oil price is and we evaluate that every quarter, our Board does. And we'll make those decisions on a quarterly basis. But our goal is to get our dividend yield up to the 2% yield level as quick as possible.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Jeffrey. That decline rate is something that we're very much focused on in the company. And so as we continue to focus our capital and high grade our capital, we do consider that as part of the process. And so we're looking at low decline, lower decline plays particularly in our exploration efforts. Some of the newer plays we've announced in the last several years have lower decline than some of our historical plays. And then we're also looking and focused on lower finding costs. So low finding costs, low decline plays are certainly preferred for us and that's a focus of our exploration effort. And it really is a function of the quality of the rock in combination with the completion technology and they work together to help in that regard. So we're focused on that and that helps the company get better. That's part of the process. We've been going on the last several years. It's helped us get better in the last couple of years; certainly this year and we think that will continue to help us in the future.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Certainly the free cash flow is an important component of it. So it's a balance of allocating capital at the right that we can get better and can increase our returns every year. It is certainly focused on generating substantial free cash flow and continuing to increase the dividend in a very strong manner too. So we want to work on all three of those. And then as you know we have been reducing our debt. And Tim talked about that in the opening remarks. And so we want to continue to pay off those bonds as they mature. So we look at all that but, primarily it's really focusing the capital on generating really strong returns and certainly working on the dividend.
Bill Thomas: Well, I think, as we've talked about I think in the opening remarks we do have a very active permitting process going on. So we're well ahead of that. We have two to four years of permits in hand. And we have the ability to modify our operations and we have a lot of flexibility with the different operating areas and shifting rigs here and there. And so we will -- we have been and we will continue to actively develop our federal acreage position very strongly. So we'll -- we've not really ever I think had a problem working with any of the regulatory changes. We have a great relationship with BLM and a great relationship with the state governments that we are active in. So it all works together. We try to be a good citizen, a good operator. And it really has worked out well for us in the past.
Bill Thomas: Yes. Well I think the first thing is when you think about the Austin Chalk, it's a really big play. It goes a long ways. And it's got all different kinds of aspects to it. And we've been very successful in our -- under our Eagle Ford acreage we have great results in the Austin Chalk. And it's certainly an exploration target for us. And we have multiple places in the play that we're looking and testing. And so they keep our competitive advantage on making sure we get the acreage in the right spot. We haven't talked about anything specific. But we will at some point and we'll give you some updates on our progress in the Chalk.
Bill Thomas: Well, we can't give you any specifics there Arun. But certainly we would adjust our capital. Again, we want to have great returns. That's numbers one. We want to have strong oil growth. We want to have substantial free cash flow. So we continue to work on the dividend. So we really balance all those. And we would set it appropriately based on our macro view of oil in 2020. And at this point, we don't want to speculate, whether it's going to be higher or lower. We're just trying to give you some guidelines of kind of where we see our efforts next year.
Bill Thomas: Again Arun, we're not going to give you any specific numbers. So -- but we do certainly believe that, our capital efficiency will improve next year over this year. We definitely believe that our well costs will continue to decrease next year too. So and we're certainly hopeful operating costs will continue to go down. So the company just incrementally is getting better every quarter. And our culture, and our people, and our divisions are just doing a tremendous job in doing that. And so, along with oil prices, we bake all that in and that will really determine what our plan will be.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. And Michael thank you for your question, yeah the plays, the ones we're looking at these 10 different basins, most of them are in areas, where we could increase activity reasonably fast not jump in with 10 rigs in one year. But we could incrementally I think add rigs to each one of these plays and develop the infrastructure. They're not in -- most of them are not in places where you couldn't do that fairly quickly. So, if they were incremental to our returns, we would certainly move that way on each one of them as quickly as possible. And we have a lot of inventory obviously in the company. And we have sold, I think about $6 billion -- over $6 billion of properties over the last 10 years. And we'll continue to look to get value through possibly monetizing, any of that. But we don't think they'll ever get to a premium category. So, certainly that would be another avenue to add value to the company.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. So I'd just like to say that again, we're just so pleased with another outstanding performance by EOG in the third quarter. And we want to say many thanks to everyone in the company for making it happen. They're doing a fantastic job. The company continues to improve in every area. Our costs continue to fall. Oil well results are very strong. Capital efficiency continues to improve. And our premium inventory continues to grow. So our high-return organic growth machine is running at the most optimum level in the company's history. And most importantly, we're very excited about performing at an even higher level in 2020. So again, thank you for listening. And thank you for your support.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Brian. This is Ezra. Thanks for the question. There's kind of a lot there. So let me tear it apart piece by piece and maybe I'll start with the Wolfcamp Middle first, the Wolfcamp M. With regards to how it will be integrated into the -- into our development, that's a deeper zone across much of our core acreage position. So one great thing about being able to turn this new bench premium is that it has the benefit of having pre-existing well control seismic infrastructure for both oil, gas and water gathering. And one way to look about that the greater wet gas mix is I think it's on slide 47 in our slide deck where we have the Delaware Basin play matrix. It's very similar to the Wolfcamp combo in per well reserves in the gas, oil and NGL make up kind of a combo percentage there. And it's also very similar in cost. And so that gives us great confidence in having a premium play there and the fact that it's going to be a high-return play for a long time. In the Wolfcamp combo, we've turned about 50 wells to sales in the past two years and they're generating over 100% rate of return and approximately $8 million of NPV per well. So we're very excited about that play. On the Third Bone Spring sand shifting gears to that. As we talked about that's kind of a tale of two plays. We've got the more traditional sand target, which definitely because of the better porosity and the better permeability the decline rates are very similar to those in the First Bone Spring and the Second Bone Spring. And yes, I would say on a side bar that that is the type of reservoir quality that we're looking for in our exploration program. And then the second part of that Third Bone Spring probably a little bit slower to integrate it, because it's really as you step outside of our core area and we're delineating some of the new acreage positions on it are these emerging targets that I talked about the Third Bone Spring, the shale and carbonate targets in there. Industry has drilled about 50 wells in those targets and we're very excited about the potential there again as we move into those new areas.
Ezra Yacob: Yes, Charles. This is Ezra. I'm glad you asked that question. I was just sitting here trying to figure out if I had actually mentioned that or not. The Wolfcamp Middle, or M, as we call it, it roughly correlates to the Wolfcamp B and part of the C as known by some other operators. And so, really across the Delaware Basin, there have been a few hundred wells drilled in a similar target there. And so we've got -- that's one of the reasons we've looked at all that data, they're landing zones, we've incorporated that with our own data to go ahead and announce this premium play.
Ezra Yacob: Yeah, Leo. Thank you for the question. This is Ezra. As we've discussed previously, we're very excited about our exploration program. And Bill had mentioned that we're currently leasing and testing in over 10 different basins across all of our divisions, our focus primarily on oilier plays with higher rock quality that we've applied. We're searching for these plays. We're prospecting for plays that we've applied core and log data in our reservoir models developed from our multi-basin approach. So really leveraging off of our efforts in the Delaware Basin, the Powder River Basin, the Eagle Ford and Woodford oil window to really identify rock quality that will perform very well in combination with our horizontal drilling and completions technology and hopefully deliver slightly shallower declines. And hopefully we'll be very competitive with our current inventory. Again we want to increase the quality of our inventory not just add to the back end. As far as that, we're confident in our reservoir models. And hopefully we'll be able to update you on a future call.
