Tim Driggers: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings, and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. The SEC permits oil and gas companies in their filings with the SEC to disclose not only proved reserves, but also probable reserves, as well as possible reserves. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call and webcast may include potential reserves or other estimated reserves not necessarily calculated in accordance with or contemplated by the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our press release and Investor Relations page of our website. Participating on the call this morning are, Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Gary Thomas, Chief Operating Officer; Billy Helms, EVP, Exploration and Production; David Trice, EVP, Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, VP, Marketing; and Cedric Burgher, Senior VP, Investor and Public Relations. An updated IR presentation was posted to our website yesterday evening and we included guidance for the first quarter and full year 2015 in yesterday's press release. This morning we will discuss topics in the following order. Bill Thomas will review 2014 highlights and our 2015 capital plan, David Trice and Billy Helms will review operational results and year-end reserve replacement data. Then I’ll discuss EOG's financials, capital structure and hedge position, and Bill will provide concluding remarks. Now here is Bill Thomas.
Tim Driggers: Thanks Billy. Let me start by addressing an unusual item affecting the fourth quarter. In early December we announced the sale of most of our producing assets in Canada, the proceeds of approximately of $400 million. As a result volumes were lower than our previous guidance for the fourth quarter by approximately 2,300 barrels of oil per day and 15 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. Also G&A for the quarter was higher due to $21.5 million of exit costs related to the sale. Now, I’d like to make a few comments about our capital spending last year and in the fourth quarter. Capitalized interest for the quarter was $14.5 million, for the fourth quarter 2014, total expirations and development expenditures were $1.8 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition, expenditures for gathering systems, processing plans and other property plant and equipment were $140 million. There were $66 million of acquisitions during the quarter. For the full year 2014, capitalized interest was $57.2 million. Total expiration and development expenditures were $7.6 billion excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations. In addition expenditures for gathering systems, processing plans and other property plant and equipment were $727 million. For the full year capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and asset retirement obligations were $8.3 billion. Total cash flow from operations was $8.6 billion exceeding total cash expenditures. In addition proceeds from asset sales were $569 million. Total acquisitions for the year were $139 million. At year-end total debt outstanding was $5.9 million for debt to total capitalization ratio of 25%. Taking into $2.1 billion of cash on hand at year-end, net debt to total cap was 18%, down from 23% at year end 2013. In the fourth quarter of 2014, total impairments were $536 million, $445 million of these impairments were the result of significant declines in commodity prices during the fourth quarter. For the full year 2014, total impairments were $744 million, $501 million of these impairments result the declines in commodity prices and negotiated sales prices of property sales. The remaining impairments for both the fourth quarter and full year 2014 were ongoing lease and producing property impairments. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 61% and the deferred tax ratio was 104%. Yesterday we included a guidance table with our earnings press release for the first quarter and full year 2015. Our 2015 CapEx estimate is $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion excluding acquisitions. The expiration and development portion excluding facilities will account for approximately 80% of the total CapEx budget. 2015 CapEx represents a 40% decrease from 2014. As Bill mentioned earlier, we’re not interested in growing oil production in a low price environment. The budget for expiration and development facilities accounts for approximately 12% of the total CapEx budget for 2015 and midstream accounts for 8%, we plan to concentrate our spending on infrastructure in the Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin to support our drilling programs in those areas and enhance operating efficiencies. In terms of hedges, for February 1 thru June 30, 2015 we’ve 47,000 barrels of oil per day hedged at $91.22 per barrel. For the second half of 2015, we’ve 10,000 barrels of oil per day hedged at $89.98 per barrel. This represents a small portion of our estimated oil production in 2015 and we’ll look to hedge further volumes opportunistically throughout the year. We’ve contracts outstanding for 37,000 barrels of oil per day that could be put to us at various terms. Please see the press release for further details. For natural gas, we’ve 182,000 MMBtu per day hedged at $4.51 per MMBtu for March 1 thru December 31, 2015. We also have a number of contracts on natural gas that could be put to us at various terms. The counter parties exercised also its options, the notion of volume of EOG’s existing natural gas derivative contracts were increased by 175,000 MMBtu per day at an average price of $4.51 per MMBtu for each month during the period March 1 thru December 31, 2015. Now, I’ll turn it back over to Bill.
Tim Driggers: Okay. As for as the number of wells that we’re deferring really the number is we had 200 wells at the start of 2015 and we’re going to end the year with about 285 wells waiting on completion. So they have additional 85 wells and were we complete that that cost would be somewhere $250 million to $500 million. But, as far as the wells that we’re drilling and not to be completed that’s a couple of 100 million additional costs that we’re spending this year, 2015.
Tim Driggers: What we have contemplated is just as Bill was saying is we will ramp-up in the fourth quarter and you are right, it would take us about one month since we have wells drilled wait down completion to go ahead and see the impact of that production. So yes, we would start somewhere like September and start the ramp-up if we have been encouraged with oil prices improvement.
Billy Helms: Thanks David. 2014 was a successful year for the Bakken program. We began down spacing, testing various spacing patterns and continued experimenting with completion techniques to improve the performance of the field.  Here are some of the highlights for 2014 activity. First we made significant advancements in improving drilling times and reducing well cost. A typical 10,000 foot lateral is now drilled in just over 10 days with a completed well cost of $9.3 million. This represents a cost reduction of 11% from 2013, and we expect more efficiency gains and service cost reductions in the current environment. Second, we now have production data from each of the various spacing patterns and began to determine the optimal development plan. We have tested wells at 1300 foot, 700 foot and 500 foot spacing patterns and have just started producing oils in the 300 foot spacing pattern. Similar to the Eagle Ford, we expect that the spacing will vary depending on the specific rock characteristics in each area of the field. One of our latest test is a 6 well pattern with wells spaced 700 feet apart in the Bakken core. The initial production rates of these wells range from 1000 barrels of oil per day to 1900 barrels of oil per day and represent a customized completion design tailored for the rock properties in this particular area of the field.  Third, we are confident that there is a significant amount of remaining potential in the Bakken, and that down spacing will be highly economic. As I mentioned earlier, evaluating the production from each spacing pattern will lead us to the appropriate spacing and the ultimate reserve potential. While the Bakken will receive less capital in 2015 it remains a core, high return asset in our drilling program. A typical 10,000 foot lateral in the Bakken core generates greater than 35% after tax rate of return with a $55 flat oil price. In addition, maintaining activity allows us to retain momentum on operational efficiencies. For example, we recently drilled an 18,600 foot well to total depth in just over seven days. We continue to believe that EOG has the premier acreage position in the play with many years of development drilling remaining and the potential for long-term production growth. In the DJ Basin EOG made significant progress in both the Codell and Niobrara. We’ve been experimenting with web or targeting inter well spacing and modifications to the completion design for both intervals. For the Codell, we’ve identified a specific statrographic interval within the pay section that when targeted rightly enhances the performances of the well. The improved completion techniques we used are even more effective when we focus o this target. Please see our press release for notable well results. Back to Codell we’ve tested several targets within the Niobrara. With this additional testing we’ve determined a correlation between the amount of lateral focused within a specific target interval and the protection performance of the well. In 2014, we made progress in several areas that contributed to reaching our well and operating cost wells in the DJ Basin. These include drilling and completion efficiencies and oil and gas gathering system and water gathering and distribution system and the infrastructure needed to obtain EOG self-source sand. Our activity in the 2015 in the DJ Basin will be limited, drilling wells needed to maintain leasehold and finishing completion operations on a few remaining wells drilled last year. The Powder River Basin is stack pay system we’ve drilled primarily in apartment and tunnel oil reservoirs similar to other areas within EOG’s portfolio. In 2014, we focused on well targeting and completion designs and inter well spacing to determine the optimal development plan. We made significant improvements in all aspects during 2014. Please see our press release for some excellent fourth quarter well results in both department and internal place. We plan to have limited activity in the Powder River Basin in 2015 while we wait for commodity prices to improve. I’ll now address reserve replacements and planning cost. Excluding revisions due to commodity price changes, we replaced 249% of our 2014 production at a low planning cost of $13.25 per Boe. Proved reserves increased 18% and more than half of our reserve growth was driven by proved. In addition net proved developed reserves increased 20%. For the 27 consecutive year, the DeGolyer and MacNaughton did an independent engineering analysis of our reserves. And their estimate was within 5% of our internal estimate. Their analysis covered about 76% of our proved reserves this year. Please see the schedules accompanying the earnings press release for the calculation of reserve replacements and finding cost. I’ll now turn it over to Tim Driggers to discuss financials and capital structure.
Billy Helms: Yes. When we put our budget together we were seeing 5% to 10% cost reduction. Now, we are seeing 10% to 30% cost reduction that of course depends on the sector. But just to kind of illustrate that not just mentioned in the Eagle Ford you noticed in our exhibit 18, we are showing our well cost to 6.1%, we are expecting, we are setting our target, we hope to see somewhere around 5.5% or about a 10% reduction. In the Bakken we have got 9.3%, our target would be to further lower that growth of 9.3% in ’14 we have got 8.2% is our planned number, but we have got a target that’s slightly less than that maybe 19%. So overall, we are expecting our cost to come down somewhere around to 10% to 20% from 2014.
Billy Helms: Yes Pearce, we haven't given that number out. The decline rate in the region we have decline rate is slowing overtime. So there is three reasons for that. One is every year that goes by, our well by its gets more matured then we have got older wells bigger percentage of older wells all the time. So that's slowing the process. Number two, our completion technology is really beginning to starting to flatten out our decline rates on a per well basis specifically the high density fracs that we talked about in the last quarter that we are applying the Eagle Ford are not only increasing the initial rates, but they are also decreasing the decline rates so we are very encouraged about that. And then number three, as we go forward, we are targeting place that have better rocks with better probability and better ability to flow oil and those rocks such as the Sandstone place in the Delaware Basin and in Wyoming have lower decline rates also. So the mix of our decline rate in the company is slowing overtime due to a number of different reasons.
Bill Thomas: Thanks Tim. Now, I’ll talk about the macro view. We’re encouraged that Congress is taking a look at lifting a ban on crude oil exports. Doing so will bring a lot of range of economic geopolitical benefits including strengthening the U.S. energy sector, growing the U.S. economy, creating jobs, dramatically improving the U.S. trade deficit, providing our European allies with more secure supplies and lowering gasoline process to U.S. consumers. As I mentioned earlier EOG will be very focused this year on preparing for the recovery in oil process. The current supply demand imbalance is not very large and current process are far short of what is necessary to sustain the supply need to meet world demand growth. When process recover, EOG will be prepared to resume strong double-digit oil growth. For now, EOG is intentionally choosing returns over growth. In fact that's the way it’s always been here at EOG. In summary, I want to leave you with some important summary points. Year in, year out, EOG consistently approaches capital planning by focusing on returns. 2015 is no different. Second, we’ve halted production growth deliberately while EOG is one of the few companies that can earn a healthy return at today's oil prices we are not interested in growing oil into our low price environment. As we compare today’s oil prices to our expectations for a more balanced market, it makes economic sense to slow production until an industry wide supply response is realized and prices respond accordingly. This strategy maximizes the value of our assets and it’s the right strategy to create long term shareholder value. Third, our balance sheet places EOG in a strong position. We intend to use our financial flexibility to take advantage of opportunities to grow our inventory by acquiring low cost, high quality acreage. And fourth, with the substantial inventory up high volume levels to complete, we will be ready to return to double-digit oil growth as oil prices improve. And finally, we fully expect to merge the commodity price down cycle and the stronger position that we entered in. In 2015, we have more opportunity than ever to lower finding costs and development costs and improve returns in 2016 and beyond. Thanks for listening and now we will go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes Paul that – the first statement is generally correct. Number one, we do not think it’s wise or prudent to accelerate oil when oil prices are low especially if the rebound and price could come certainly in the next – this year, the end of this year or maybe even next year. So, there is no use in trying to accelerate. It makes much more prudent business decision to wait and that will give us a much more capital returns if we do that and we are very committed to maintain the very strong balance sheet, so we don't want to out-spend trying to grow oil in a low price environment. And we want to keep our balance sheet clean and low and we want to keep our patter drop so that we will be able to take some advantage of what could be some unique opportunities in this downturn. 2016, yes if we – if things go as we think they might could and we would have say a $65 oil environment in 2016 and we believe that we could return to our very strong double-digit oil growth that we have been marching towards a last few years and that we will be able to generate very high rates of return on our capital and we would be able to stay free cash flow neutral.
Bill Thomas: Certainly, we do think costs will come down this year due to services and again efficiency gains, we’re making really good progress in that and as we look forward to 2016 we haven't set a capital goal on that yet and we will look at that when we get there.
Bill Thomas: Well, the kind of opportunities that we are looking for is take advantage of is number one, this low cost environment. It helps us to pick up acreage that we are working on in our certainly our core areas. We are able to pickup 11,000 acres last year in the Eagle Ford and we are targeting to pick up more there just on leasehold so that goes more easily this year. The second is we have historically and we do think that we will have opportunities to earn acreage through farmings or drill to earn top things commitments and we will look for partners that we can join in with that will be a win-win situation and earn acreage in our core areas and maybe some emerging areas. And then, we look for topical acquisitions that won’t be the large, large acquisitions that they will be certainly bolt on acreage and they will be opportunities that we see primarily in our top tier place.
Bill Thomas: Yes Phillip, thank you for the question. I think certainly when we look at potential acquisitions, the thing we let help guide that is our expiration expertise and our understanding of the locks and so we really are only focused on that kind of opportunities where we see very sweet spot top acreage and use existing core areas or in emerging place. And then, we certainly have a lot of expertise and we’ve been in the shale business I think longer than most people and we developed a very strong efficiencies and technology improvements and we think that we would certainly bring that to bear. And we apply that and the upside that we see on that that we could bring the table on any kind of acquisition that we might pursue. Also we’ve certainly our built-in cost of reductions, mechanisms like our self-sourced sand and other materials that we use in our fracs, so that gives an advantage from an economic standpoint to be competitive on acquisitions.
Bill Thomas: Charles, I don’t think that I’ve talked about our shape of the recovery. But, our view now is that we really believe with the consensus opinion that as we go forward due to the response of the industry that we could have flat to maybe even negative U.S. production growth on a month-over-month basis by the end of this year, and that certainly going to slowdown U.S. production growth this year. So, as that slows down there should be a price response and I’m not going to predict whether it’s going to be V or U or W o really what the price is, certainly the forward curve is very indicative that prices will increase in the future and we’re just going to wait and see how that goes and we’ll respond accordingly.
Bill Thomas: Yes certainly, we’re deferring these completions because we do believe that prices will be better in the future and even at $10 increase in oil price gives us a significant additional return on our investment and NPV upside. So, really our rate of return focus and our capital return focus is really what’s driving the deferral. And let me kind of walk you through, there is two parts of this deferral, one is as Gary said we’re starting out 2015 with about 200 uncompleted wells in our inventory and that uncompleted well inventory will grow throughout 2015. And if oil prices improve and they look something like the forward curve in the $60 range then we would begin completing many of those wells starting in the third quarter of 2015 and that would reflect additional growth in the fourth quarter heading into 2016. So, we want to head in the 2016 on an uptick in production growth. So our curve in 2015 would be U-shaped. It will be the lowest production, will be in the second quarter and then in the third quarter and then production will begin to increase in the fourth quarter as we head into 2016. Then at the end of the year, we will have about 285 wells and inventory to start to 2016 process and that will give us a bit of an advantage as we go into 2016 and we will be able to grow oil at very strong double-digit rates and be able to stay free cash flow neutral in our $65 oil price environment. So hopefully that gives you a bit of more understanding of what we are thinking.
Bill Thomas: Yes, now we didn't increase the rate of dividend in this quarter. So, we did increase it twice last year, but too healthy now, so that's just the give back to the shareholders share within the success of the company as we end this lower price environment, the opportunity to further increase the rate is a bit more limited. And so, we will really just have to see how oil prices respond in the future and to consider additional increases in the dividend. The company is very committed to that part of the business and to the shareholders in that way. So it’s a very top priority for us, but we need a bit better business environment to work on that.
Bill Thomas: Yes Joe, the reason the first quarter volumes are down is because we began ramping down our completion spread really quickly in the year. So we wanted to and so oil continued to drop, we wanted to drop CapEx quickly and not focus on growing oil when we have the lowest prices in the first part of the year and then again as I described, the second and third quarters should be the lowest production and then the fourth quarter we will ramp back up. We don't have a number to give you on guidance on that number, but it will ramp back up significantly heading into 2016.
Bill Thomas: Yes, on the gas we issue a five year strip, and yes we issue the five year strip on that and then on the NGL, the NGL is basically a percent of oil price in our assumptions and then gas again it’s a five year strip.
Bill Thomas: Yes Bob, that's a good question. That 350 was an incorrect number, so correct that back to 285, we end the year with 285. So here is the number just to be completely clear, we start with 200, we drill 550 and we complete 465 during the year and we exit the year at about 285 wells uncompleted.
Bill Thomas: No that is not a monetary number, we just want to distinguish that we are open certainly to any kind of acquisitions that would be very highly beneficial to the company. But most likely the type of acquisitions we do are not in the very large I’m talking multi-billion dollar kind of acquisition. They are really more directed towards the tactical acquisitions and they are really at very specific acreage pieces that we think are very highly productive according to our geology.
Bill Thomas: Well certainly, those would be the first choices but obviously those are the most competitive, but we do from time to time consider those type of things and so many emerging place. But again, we are very discriminatory there and that we are only looking for acreage that will be additive to our inventory and that means it has to be equal to or better than Eagle Ford, Bakken and Permian place.
Bill Thomas: Brian, we see upside in really all of them just to start with the Eagle Ford again we still believe we are in the sixth inning there in the Eagle Ford. So, we are still testing new zones like the upper Eagle Ford and we working on down spacing and again we have added acreage there in the last year about 11,000 acres that is very high quality acreage. So, we think there is additional room there, in the Bakken we have not upgraded our Bakken well count our reserve potential after we have started this down spacing process. So, we see upside there and then in the Permian, we are diligently working on spacing and targeting and specifically in the second bond spring sand we are working on bringing the spacing patterns closer together and identifying maybe even two targets in that particular zone in the [indiscernible] we working on spacing there and we haven't upgraded that well count in the long time and then in the Wolf Camp we have multiple play zone spacing that we are working on there. We haven't upgraded that in a while. So really each one of our core areas, we believe we will continue to provide additional high quality inventory as we go forward.
Bill Thomas: Thank you. I would just like to leave you with this last one thought, EOG is very long term focused. We could have taken a short term approach this year and just picked up the very best wells in the company to drill and focus on those and cut our capital back to really own a short term focus. But, we do not believe that's the right way to grow the company and to manage the company. We are focused on long term shareholder value and that's our focus. So, as we said, we are going to not grow oil while oil prices are low, we are going to wait for the recovery and that will be able to give us much higher returns and it’s the right business decision as we go forward. So we appreciate everybody. Great questions and thank everybody for their support.
