Tim Driggers: Good morning and thanks for joining us. We hope everyone has seen the press release announcing third quarter 2020 earnings and operational results. This conference call includes forward-looking statements. The risks associated with forward-looking statements have been outlined in the earnings release and EOG's SEC filings and we incorporate those by reference for this call. This conference call also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Definitions as well as reconciliation schedules for these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures can be found on our website at www.eogresources.com. Some of the reserve estimates on this conference call or in the accompanying investor presentation slides may include estimated potential reserves and estimated resource potential not necessarily calculated in accordance with the SEC's reserve reporting guidelines. We incorporate by reference the cautionary note to U.S. investors that appears at the bottom of our earnings release issued yesterday. Participating on the call this morning are Bill Thomas, Chairman and CEO; Billy Helms, Chief Operating Officer; Ken Boedeker, EVP Exploration and Production; Ezra Yacob, EVP Exploration and Production; Lance Terveen, Senior VP of Marketing; and David Streit, VP Investor Relations and Public Relations. Here's Bill Thomas.
Tim Driggers: Thanks, Bill. Our goal is to maximize shareholder value through the cycles. We measure our progress against a number of metrics, return on capital, free cash flow, sustainable dividend growth, operating cost and finding cost and financial leverage. We create business value through a balanced approach that maximizes returns as well as both current and future free cash flow generation. It's an integrated optimization exercise, not a simple formula. Reinvestment ratios and growth rates are outputs of this exercise. Our three-year outlook provided this quarter addresses the currently oversupplied market and assumes gradual improvement over the next three years. Our plan each year is based on conservative price assumptions. The pace of activity is optimized to generate high returns on incremental capital, increased return on capital employed, support improvements in operating efficiencies and technical advances and fund our free cash flow priorities. That said, our outlook is just that an outlook. We have operational flexibility to adapt quickly to changing supply demand conditions. At $50 oil, reinvesting 70% to 80% of discretionary cash flow, generates up to 10% oil growth, with significant free cash flow. At higher prices, we would expect to maintain this optimal level of activity and production growth, while returns and free cash flow expand significantly. But why grow at all? And how is the optimal growth rate determined? Volume growth drives higher ROCE, free cash flow potential and the fundamental driver of a growing sustainable dividend. Reinvesting in high-return wells with low operating and finding costs improves the company's recycle ratio, expanding our return and cash flow leverage. We have determined the optimal growth rate from our current assets through 2023 is about 8% to 10%. This pace of activity and growth maximizes the operational and capital efficiency of our current premium inventory. Due to the short payback periods of our investments, capital invested today is quickly recovered by free cash flow in the future. Relative to a lower growth scenario, the value of the additional cash flow we earn after the third year of our outlook far outweighs the incremental reinvestment to support our 8% to 10% plan. The proof is in our performance. During 2017 to 2019, EOG improved our return on capital employed, improved our return of capital through the dividend, reduced debt and grew production while reinvesting less than 80% of discretionary cash flow at $58 oil. Reinvesting at high returns and growing production, the last three years is the reason we believe EOG will generate more free cash flow over the next three years at $50 oil than we did at $58 oil. Sustainable dividend growth is our highest priority for returning cash to shareholders. It is a stream of cash flow that clearly demonstrates our confidence in the resiliency of our financial model and reinforces capital discipline. Strategically, free cash flow generated from higher oil prices, should be at least partially directed to shoring up the balance sheet to preserve financial flexibility for future downturns. Value preservation and value creation are two sides of the same coin when it comes to managing the balance sheet in a capital-intensive cyclical industry. This year has demonstrated the value of a strong balance sheet like no other and we worked hard to maintain our financial strength. Cash at the end of the third quarter was $3.1 billion offsetting total debt of $5.7 billion for a net debt to total capitalization ratio of 12%. We remain committed to pursuing our objective to strengthen our balance sheet further during upturns. Beyond the regular dividend and debt reduction we regularly review performance scenarios that may present options for additional cash return to shareholders. We haven't ruled out buybacks or a variable or special dividend and we'll consider all options for additional return of cash to shareholders when the opportunity presents itself. Next up is Billy to review our operational performance.
Tim Driggers: This is Tim. And you're exactly right. It is the operating cash flows, that determines the -- a sustained dividend. As far as the $3 billion in cash, we do have a bond coming due in February. And currently we are anticipating being able to pay that bond off with that cash. But we have significant flexibility if the market changes to do whatever we need to do. So, we're in a good position to manage that situation.
Tim Driggers: There -- again, we evaluate it depending on the conditions at the time. So, to give you a number there's not a number I can give you. It all depends on what the stock -- I mean, the price of the commodities are at the time, as to how much cash we need to have on the balance sheet. And also what our budget is, our capital budget and how much capital we'll be spending.
Ken Boedeker: Thanks, Billy. We're excited to announce a major new natural gas discovery in the Western Gulf Coast Basin. Located in South Texas, Webb County we've named this discovery Dorado. With a breakeven cost of less than $1.25 per Mcf, we believe this play represents the lowest cost supply of natural gas in the United States.  We have identified an initial resource potential of 21 Tcf net to EOG in the Austin Chalk and Lower and Upper Eagle Ford formations. Both targets display premium level economics. At Henry Hub prices of $2.50 per Mcf Dorado competes directly with our premium oil plays. This play is a textbook example of how our exploration program is focused on adding to the top of our premium well inventory elevating the overall quality of our assets. We first identified the potential of the Austin Chalk formation as an oil play on top of our Eagle Ford footprint back in 2016. We have since completed about 100 gross Austin Chalk oil wells in that area capturing 59 million barrels of oil equivalent of reserve potential net to EOG.  Shortly following that discovery, we began evaluating the Austin Chalk formation in the Gulf Coast Basin and identified its potential as a dry natural gas play in Webb County. Our current 163,000 net acre position is a combination of legacy acreage and new acreage captured through low-cost, organic leasing, trades and a bolt-on property acquisition. We believe our position covers the majority of the sweet spot of the play. We completed our first two wells in Dorado in January of 2019 targeting the Austin Chalk in the Eagle Ford. To further delineate the play and collect more data, we completed 15 more wells over the remainder of 2019. We paused our drilling activity during 2020 to evaluate both the production results and the significant amount of technical data we collected from cores, petrophysical logs and 3D seismic surveys. This data including a year's worth of production history from our drilled wells has generated a robust reservoir model giving us confidence in our resource estimates and projections for well performance. We are leveraging our proprietary knowledge built from prior plays to move quickly down the cost curve with our initial development. We currently estimate a finding cost of $0.39 per Mcf in the Austin Chalk and $0.41 in the Eagle Ford. Combined with EOG's low operating costs an advantaged market position located close to a number of major sales hubs in South Texas, access to pipelines to Mexico and several LNG export terminals, Dorado is in an ideal position to supply low-cost natural gas into markets with long-term growth potential. Dorado is dry gas with close proximity to multiple markets. Therefore, we expect Dorado's gas will have a lower carbon footprint than most other onshore gas plays in the U.S.  In addition, the recently formed Sustainable Power Group, we introduced last quarter is leveraging company-wide expertise to build out an operationally efficient and low emissions field. As we expand development of Dorado into a core asset, we expect it will help lower EOG's company-wide emissions intensity rate. In 2021, our preliminary plan is to turn about 15 net wells to sales with initial development targeting the Austin Chalk. Eagle Ford development where we are expecting lower drilling and completion costs will follow. The Eagle Ford utilizes a lower cost wellbore design optimized to a more forgiving drilling environment compared to the Austin Chalk.  In addition, we can leverage water and gas gathering infrastructure put in place for the Austin Chalk. We will evaluate the capital allocation to the South Texas gas play each year based on market conditions. Dorado adds 1,250 net locations on fee acreage to our premium inventory with 530 of those from the Austin Chalk and 720 from the Eagle Ford. These new premium Dorado locations along with approximately 150 new locations from other premium plays make up the 1,400 new net premium locations added in 2020 replacing three times what we drilled and more importantly, improving the overall quality of our portfolio. The number of wells in our premium inventory that have returns of 30% or more at $30 oil and $2.50 natural gas has now increased from 4,500 to 6,000 wells. We also divested the remainder of our Marcellus Shale position during the third quarter for proceeds of about $130 million. The sale of this non-core sub-premium asset will fund much of Dorado's development capital next year and upgrades the quality of our gas portfolio. This is a great example of how EOG's organic exploration strategy and disciplined capital management creates significant shareholder value. Now I'll turn it over to Bill for concluding remarks.
Ken Boedeker: Yeah Bob, this is Ken. We have a significant history of developing the Austin Chalk in addition to the Eagle Ford, up dip in the oil window. So we've also had 17 wells that we've drilled in that area, that have provided excellent results. And we haven't had many drilling issues or completion issues to deal with. So, keeping the costs in those areas are anticipated to be, what we've shown right now in our 2021 program. So it looks like the -- we have a very, very good confidence that we'll be able to generate those returns. We've shown that are competitive with our other premium oil plays at $2.50.
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. I just -- I wanted to clarify something Bob. When you talked about managed pressure drilling like the Powder River Basin, we are doing managed pressure drilling like the Powder River Basin, in Dorado. But we have a significant amount of experience doing that across several plays in the company.
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Paul, this is Ken. On Dorado's volume and activity outlook, it's a little early to give any volume outlook for 2021 or the future years. We have talked about a 15-well program in 2021 that we should be bringing on some gas early in the year and then towards the second half of the year from there. As far as M&A...
Ken Boedeker: Yeah. Charles, this is Ken. We just see a little bit harder drilling conditions when we're drilling the Austin Chalk compared to the Eagle Ford, so we've added in additional cost for that at this point. We always work on lowering our cost basis, and you can see that on every one of our plays. So we anticipate that we'll be able to lower the cost in Dorado as well as we drill some additional wells in that play.
Bill Thomas: Thanks, Ken. In conclusion, I'd like to note the following important takeaways. Number one, EOG continues to significantly lower cost operating costs and well costs with sustainable technology and efficiency gains. The company will emerge from the downturn a much lower-cost company. Number two, our organic exploration effort delivers another significant industry-leading play. We believe EOG's Dorado and natural gas play will be one of the highest margin and lowest emission gas plays in the U.S. Dorado is an example of how our robust exploration portfolio will continue to lower the cost structure and improve the future capital efficiency of the company. Number three, our multiple year outlook is designed to deliver industry-leading financial performance and free cash flow. It's a balanced strategy that maximizes total shareholder value through the cycle. EOG represents a full-cycle investment opportunity with significant leverage to higher oil prices. Number four, EOG is a leader in innovative initiatives to lower GHG and methane emissions. Every aspect of ESG is embedded in and driven by EOG's talented and return-focused culture. New ideas are coming from every corner of the company driven by passionate employees who are excited about making our environment and communities a better place to live. EOG is committed to being a leader in the future of energy. And finally, EOG's third quarter results demonstrate our unique and sustainable organic business model, whether it's exploration, operations, information technology or ESG performance. Our culture-driven value creation throughout the company has never been better. EOG's ability to maximize long-term shareholder value through the cycles has never been stronger. Thanks for listening. Now we'll go to Q&A.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Arun, this is Bill. Yes, the outlook $50 is how we ran the model to determine how to optimize the company and what the most important parameters are. But I wouldn't get too hung up on $50. Whether it's $45 or $50 or $55, the fundamentals of the outlook stay the same. We're focused on returns. The first thing that we have to determine each year are the market fundamentals. Is the market still in an overbalanced situation? If it still is, we don't want to force oil into that situation. But if it's a balanced market and it turns out at $45 oil, certainly we believe the 8% to 10% growth rate, the reinvestment rate of 70% to 80%, the focus on optimizing returns and compounding the growth with operational improvements and margin improvements, and maximizing current and future free cash flow, and doing all that to maximize the total shareholder value of the company. And so the guidelines really apply to almost any price that would be in a balanced market.
Bill Thomas: Yeah, Leo. I think the first thing is, we've had a premium price deck. It's based on $40 flat oil and $2.50 flat gas prices. And so any kind of play that would have premium economics 30% rate of return at those flat prices, that's okay with us. We're not particular on the commodity, whether it's gas or oil or even a combo play. So that's the first thing. And then the second thing is, yes, we do believe that gas has got a prominent future in the future energy supply. There's no doubt about that. And this play just happens to be, we believe the best -- one of the best play, the best play probably dry gas play onshore U.S. It is a fantastic play and it's really driven primarily through the extremely high rock quality of the Austin Chalk. And so it fits everything we're looking for in the company. It upgrades our portfolio. It gives us more exposure to gas going forward. It gives us a lot of optionality in the future to switch capital between types of plays as commodities prices might vary a little bit. But all of it is based on our premium price deck $40 flat and $2.50 flat gas and this one certainly generates super high returns at $2.50 flat gas.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul I think three years with those parameters are a good guide. We did include - we did not include any additional well cost, operational cost advancements in those projections. So certainly, we expect to continue to do that. We have a very sustainable model of being able to do that. So as time goes on and certainly in three years we expect we'll be a lot better company. So I wouldn't just apply those numbers to what we could do four years from now. I think we're hopeful we'll – through these exploration efforts getting better rock and continuing to reduce our costs we should be a much better company.
Bill Thomas: Yes I think right now it's just for the next two or three years. We'll just have to evaluate where the company is in the four or five years from now and see where we are.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Paul I think the first thing is what's the price based on and that's whether we're in an overbalanced market situation or a balanced market. And we believe there's significant structural changes obviously have been going on in the business particularly in the U.S. with a lot more capital discipline, a lot more return of cash to shareholders. They need to work on balance sheet consolidation, et cetera. In the international arena, there's been folks that have basically changed their business philosophy and they're certainly not going to be investing as much in oil in the future. So there's a lot of things that go on in there. And all that leads to – in the future, certainly we believe OPEC will be the swing producer the – really totally in control of oil prices. So we want to take that in consideration and make sure that the market is balanced. And we've taken all that in consideration as we formulate our plans.
Bill Thomas: Yes, Doug, that's exactly right. We would not want to force oil into that kind of situation. We don't want to put OPEC in a situation where they feel threatened like we're taking market share, while they're propping up oil prices. So that much commitment by them that's not a time we would force oil.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. Paul thanks. Yeah, we haven't changed our philosophy there. We're always opportunistic. We have a very robust, rigorous commodity analysis macro view. We're working all the time. It's quite a rigorous process. So we believe we're not always right, but we believe we've got a pretty good idea where oil prices are headed. So we'll just stay opportunistic on that, and same thing with gas prices.
Bill Thomas: Yeah. In closing, I'd just like to say, we cannot be more proud of our EOG employees. Our third quarter results were outstanding, thanks to everyone in the company. The culture of EOG is performing better than ever, and our ability and commitment to creating long-term shareholder value has never been stronger. Thanks for listening, and thanks for your support.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Good morning Arun. Just to make sure, I understood your question. I guess for the 2021 outlook, our maintenance capital as we've stated was about $3.4 billion. We are likely to evaluate. It's early yet to say what our capital might look like next year, but we'll certainly do the same as we always have. We'll allocate it based on our outlook at oil prices at the beginning of the year of course. And as we move into that year, we have certainly a lot of flexibility to allocate between our different plays. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we can fund our maintenance capital and our dividend down to oil prices in the mid-30s. So as we see oil prices moderate either above that level or wherever they might be, we'll have flexibility to allocate capital to our new play Dorado and the Powder River Basin as we explained in our prepared remarks.
Billy Helms: Yeah Leo. This is Billy. So yes, we -- the outperformance is really driven by -- and you touched on it there the shut-in wells bringing those back on production. As we brought the wells back on production that had been shut in for some time, we exhibited some amount of flush production from those wells, as we've talked about before. And then the second part of that is, we did start bringing on a few newly completed wells and those outperformed our type curves. So that's really kind of what drove the two parts of our beat on the volumes.
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Brian. This is Billy. So our $3.4 billion maintenance capital, you're right. You are correct. It did not -- it does not anticipate any improvements in our cost structure on a go-forward basis. It's based on our current existing cost. So that's the first thing. And then as far as the amount of capital over and above that, we'll -- as we go into the year, I think, we're trying to provide a little bit of a framework on how we would think about allocating capital. As we look into next year based on the outlook for oil prices, we're just looking at merely maintaining our exit rate into the next -- in the fourth quarter into next year. So if oil prices moderate above or below where they are today, we'll look at how much money we can spend on these types of other projects, the infrastructure or exploration-related activities, or ESG-focused projects in relation to what that oil price indicates and stay within our guidance of spending certainly within a 70% to 80% of our discretionary cash flow. So that's kind of the outline, the framework. So it really -- it's a little bit early to speculate on what that magnitude of that dollar might be.
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Jeanine. Yes, I think you're correct. The base decline from the oil properties is moderating over time. That's a function of really the activity levels this year and -- but also the quality of the inventory that we're bringing to production. The better quality rocks just simply have a lower decline over time. So it's really those two things that are helping to moderate the oil base decline. And, certainly, the outlook that we have with our maintenance capital is sufficient to maintain that on a go-forward basis.
Billy Helms: Yes. Jeanine this is Billy, again. You're right. The level of how much we spend on those different categories will certainly depend on the oil price. And I'd say, there is some amount of that baked into the $50 estimate in the outer years, but it's not a major portion of our capital spend. So it's -- I'd say, it's in keeping with what we've done in the years past.
Billy Helms: Yeah Subash, this is Billy Helms. It's a little premature to maybe give out a directional number, but I think you can approximate. With the data we've given you, I think you can derive some pretty close estimates. I'd say you're probably not too far off the right numbers.
Billy Helms: Yes. Good morning, Doug it's really the cost structure of the company continues to improve. We continue to drive down our well cost. As I mentioned earlier we've already achieved our 12% cost reduction that we expected throughout the year. And then our unit costs, we've driven down our unit operating costs quite substantially this year. So those combination of things is allowing us to continue to reduce that breakeven cost.
Billy Helms: No sir, it's really not. It's really driven mainly by the cost reductions, the structural changes we've made and the cost reductions of the company.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Paul, this is Billy. I'll touch maybe on the M&A question. I think -- certainly, I think the industry needed to go through some M&A some consolidation in the space. And I think we're certainly supportive of what we've seen so far. For EOG, we've looked at just about every possible combination that's out there. And we certainly understand the financial uplift or the accretion that you might get from a corporate M&A, but we look at that more as a one-time event. And we're really looking -- for us to be entering that market, we would look at the longer-term impact that a possible M&A would have on our current inventory. And so we look at the inventory that a company might have in comparison to the inventory, we already have or what we're seeing in our exploration program, and we just don't see anything that we're -- we need to allocate any funds to at this point in time. There nothing that really meets our objectives. And I guess it just stems from the fact we have such a high level of confidence in our current exploration program, which is mainly aimed at improving the quality of our premium inventory.
Billy Helms: Yeah. Charles, this is Billy. Really nothing's changed, except our continuous improvement we're seeing in the well performance and the cost structure of our Delaware Basin plays. We're extremely proud of the team we have there and the improvements they continue to make. We haven't really changed a lot as far as the well spacing or anything like that, that a lot of other companies talk about. I think we continue to make improvements in the way we drill and complete the wells. And I think we're delivering a lot more consistent results as a result of that. So, we're extremely confident in our ability to continue to execute that program and deliver superior results. We are continuing to have success in blocking up acreage through trades and we've been doing that really for many years. So I don't expect that's going to continue to change. But outside of that that's kind of what we see.
