Jennifer Honeycutt: Thanks, Sameer. In summary, we are executing well across the company with greater focus and rigor using VES, and we are capitalizing on the secular growth drivers in our key end markets. We delivered a strong second quarter across the board, with core sales growth approaching mid-single digits, continued margin expansion, and strong cash generation. Based on the strength of our execution and positive view of our end markets, we raised our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance. As we look longer term, we remain committed to creating value through steady, durable sales growth, continuous improvement, and disciplined capital allocation. That concludes our prepared remarks. And at this time, we are happy to take your questions.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. And I think, Scott, what you're seeing relative to price is our ability to sort of hold the value of our products in terms of commercial excellence related to VES. So the teams commercially are executing well around the world, but we have seen price normalize to historical levels, which we believe fit in the range of 100 bps to 200 bps.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. We remain pretty convicted about our M&A approach. We've got really robust funnels for both PQI and Water Quality. We're looking at a lot of assets and we're actively engaged in our market activity here. But consistent with what we've said on prior calls, we're really going to stay close to our heritage and the disciplined capital allocation around market, company, and valuation. So we obviously like businesses that have similar operating models and secular durability, financial profiles that look like us, and certainly businesses where we think VES can add value. So we're active here. We're excited about the space. We're working hard kind of on both sides of the fence, and more to come.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Deane. Our PQI businesses in the main are performing well. I think you see that both in terms of our marking and coding businesses. You also see it on our color and packaging side. We're not going to comment really on competitors' activity, but what we can say is, our marking and coding businesses are performing well and I think in line with the recovery of the consumer packaged goods market. So we see this fourth consecutive quarter of mid-single digit recurring revenue growth. And we also see, as you rightly point out, Q2 marking the return of growth in equipment sales. And so, this follows a nominal recovery that we see when we're coming out of a down cycle where consumables and by way of inks and solvents and spare parts and so on recover before equipment does. We're excited about the funnel that we have for equipment. And certainly, as we talk to our CPG customers, they are -- their sentiment is more positive in terms of the future outlook. From a packaging and color standpoint, we've just finished the Drupa Trade Show, where we got a lot of positive response in terms of the products being launched there, mostly around our S2 native-cloud, digital integrated solutions. This really helps reduce time-to-market for the brands. It also helps mistake-proof relative to the information that they're passing around between their functional departments. So, funnels are healthy on both sides. The market recovery in terms of CPG itself is a little bit lumpy. We do see mixed results across various CPG categories. But certainly, we're encouraged by the market indicators and I think our teams are executing well with recent product launches, and our new product innovations really are gaining momentum.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. I think, Deane, our view of China hasn't materially changed from quarter-to-quarter. I think we believe that China has stabilized related to the end markets, but we don't expect to see any meaningful recovery in China this year. I think for state-owned or state-sponsored municipalities, funding is still extraordinarily tight. So we're not seeing much money flow there. I think long term, China is anticipated to improve. It's got a large and aging population. Those folks are going to require clean water, safe food, and trusted medicines. But our China team has stepped up to the challenge here in the slower growth macro and we continue to ensure that we have a China business that's creating incremental value for Veralto.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. I mean, I think we see strength across the board, really. We benefit, I think, from a couple of areas here. One is just the markets that we're in and the quality of the products we bring to market being part of the essential nature of customer operations. I think the deployment of VES and the increased focus that we have as a standalone company continues to help us execute well commercially. From a macro standpoint, on where the demand is occurring, water and municipalities, particularly in US and Europe, continue to execute on project backlog in terms of improvements to their respective plants and their run rate business is steady. We do see some nice pockets of growth coming for our water treatment businesses and see some tailwind and some benefit from things like CHIPS Act in terms of build out their data centers, which are requiring an extensive amount of water in their cooling towers. And those kind of two markets really benefit our ChemTreat and our Trojan businesses, respectively. So we're seeing good sort of solid, steady, robust demand really for both water treatment and Water Quality.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. I think you are right that M&A is clearly episodic. We can't guarantee the intersection of when we will see market, company, and valuation come together. As we've mentioned in the past, we're going to stay disciplined to that approach. We have to like the market, right? It's got to be adjacent or near adjacent to where we play. The company has got to be a strong company that has secular drivers that we value under the umbrella of Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources, and we got to be able to get at the right price. I think right now, valuations are still a little bit inflated. So we're looking at the intersection here, but we've got to fundamentally get to all three of those variables. And all I can say is, we're working hard in this area.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. I think, Mike, what you've seen us do here is just pruning around the edges, right, and this is actually part of standard work that we do day-in and day-out in managing the portfolio of the businesses. It's not an -- it's not something that we look at on an episodic basis. We're looking at this all the time. So, I would say, when we see opportunities for continued portfolio evolution to get us a stronger portfolio, focused in the higher areas of growth with higher margin and recurring revenue, anything that falls materially far away from that profile is something that we'll take action on. So we feel good about the portfolio we have today. We'll continue to prune around the edges as and when we see that it's appropriate to do so.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Well, I think we've come out of a pretty tumultuous several years following the impact of the pandemic, Mike. And we saw a lot of whiplash, right, in terms of price and volume and demand cycles and consumer spending and what they were spending on and so on. I would say that our confidence is built more as a function of an enduring steady state for our Water Quality businesses, driven by the secular drivers that we've talked about and an incrementally improving macro here for consumer products, goods markets. 85% of our revenue goes into water, food, and pharmaceuticals, and provided that those markets are steady or improving, we're going to see that benefit.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. Relative to packaging and color, as we mentioned, we've just concluded our Drupa Trade Show. That's a trade show that runs once every four years. And given the pandemic, this is the first time that show has been conducted in eight years. So there were some really good kind of pent-up demand that we saw there. But I think our solutions and, particularly those around innovation that we're providing in the S2 cloud-native digital integration of the workflow has got the attention of a lot of brand owners, because they are under pressure to compress their development cycles and ensure the integrity of the information that they're working with, which gives every user of that system access to the same information. So we had a great showing there. The teams -- all three teams in terms of Esko, Pantone, and X-Rite really did a great job there. And I think the -- outside of the enthusiasm generated in Drupa, the recovery of the CPG markets will lend itself to new product releases and new product innovations from brand owners. So they are getting ready. They have a number of projects that they're considering in terms of new product releases and so on and so forth. And so, this is the front end of that. And I think we're well positioned to be able to help them with their solutions.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Nathan. We do see great demand here in recycle, reclaim, and reuse. The businesses most impacted by that certainly is our Trojan business who is well positioned there to help customers with their sustainability initiatives in this space. ChemTreat also has a play here. And certainly, if you're going to be moving water around, you're going to have to test it as well. So it does create some opportunity for our analytics businesses. But the primary beneficiary really of this opportunity would be our Trojan business. And frankly, we see this space growing probably mid-to-high single digits for the foreseeable future. Lots of industries are under pressure to achieve their sustainability targets, and we're well positioned with solutions to help them.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. We continue to be interested in this space. But as you know, this is an incredibly difficult and complex problem to solve. We believe that we're well positioned, given our 70-year history at Hach for democratizing tests and analytics and our long track record at Trojan for developing treatment solutions. So we continue to invest in this space and stay focused there, but real fit-for-purpose solutions that are focused on at-site or in-line testing and at-site real-time destruction of PFAS are going to be -- remain a difficult problem to solve. But we're focused on creating winning outcomes for our customers that have fit-for-purpose solutions. So, still a few years away here, but we are interested in the space, as we are with sort of all of the micro-contaminants that come into the regulation frame.
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yeah. I think what you're seeing here is that there's really three things that differentiate us from other industrials. We play in the end markets with really attractive and kind of non-optional secular growth drivers, right? So, when you've got a business that's 85% of our sales into food, water, and pharma, it's -- these are not elective areas of testing, right? So these are really durable markets. And as a consequence, the way our businesses have been built are durable in turn. 60% of our recurring revenue or 60% of our revenue is kind of in this recurring revenue space. It's a razor-razorblade business model with high-margin consumables. And these products and services that are deployed for our customers are essential parts of their operation. So, if they choose not to use our products or they choose not to treat and measure and monitor and so on, the cost of failure to them is high, because we're really tied to sort of product quality and public health. So the last thing I would say is, VES provides a competitive advantage for us really in terms of differentiating us relative to talent growth and continuous improvement.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. Scott, let me just touch on the margin and then I'll have Jennifer just talk about the price. On the gross margin side, it's really been really in -- the increased rigor on VES really driving the execution side. Frankly, it's been lots of singles and doubles that are driving the margin here. And also, as you see, we are benefiting a little bit from the recurring revenue here, right? The mix is more towards consumables to the spares, which is impacting and helping us on the margin. The packaging and color business, as you know, that tends to be on the software side with a little higher margin. So, that's helping us. So, those things are helping us. I would say, you should expect the gross margins to come in a little bit as the growth rate equilibrates between the equipment and consumables overtime. But we feel really good about 60%, but I think once the transition happens, we'll be more in the high-50% or 59% growth range.
Sameer Ralhan: And then, Deane, from a guide perspective, effectively, you assume China will be sequentially flat, right? So, as you know, we were down quite a bit in the Q3 and Q4. So you're going to see a little bit of an uptake on a year-over-year basis as we kind of get into the second half, but sequentially, it's effectively flat.
Sameer Ralhan: And Andy, just going to look, think about the equity side, it's just one of the components of how we think about funding any transaction. The main thing is value creation, right? Anything that can ultimately help us create long-term value, we'll look at all forms of funding, as we have kind of talked in the past. Main thing for us as we're going to think of any kind of funding is maintaining investment-grade balance sheets. That's sacrosanct for us.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah, John. Thanks for that. As you kind of look at the free cash flow conversion, quarter-to-quarter, it can vary. As you know, we have the bond payments that come in, in the first quarter and the third quarter. So that gets -- impacts timing of the cash payments. So I would say, when you look at the free cash flow conversion, really look at it on a full year basis. Overall, given the strength that we're seeing in the business, the execution, we feel pretty good about delivering 100% to 110% free cash flow conversion, that's off GAAP net income.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. I think it's -- let's take it in two buckets, right? One is -- first, on the business side, as we kind of told you, right, at the beginning of the year, we will be we -- are investing in the sales and marketing side to really drive the growth of the business, and you've seen that kind of really coming through or flowing through the numbers in the first quarter and second quarter. John, inflation is there a little bit, I think, just like everybody else. There's nothing outsized. But it's -- these are really heads that are added more on the sales and marketing side to drive the growth, and you started seeing a little bit of the impact and more in the 2025 that you're going to see. So I would say, on the business side, we are more or less in a normalized state, so to speak, and SG&A as a percent of revenues. On the corporate side, we were very judicious in how we bring the cost in. So what you're going to see is more of a run rate view of the corporate expenses in the second half of the year. So there's going to be a little uptick in the second half versus the first year that you're going to see on the corporate side, but that should normalize in the second half. So, nothing extraordinary on that front.
Sameer Ralhan: Hey, Brian. Yeah. I'll take that one. The mix comment is really around consumables. We've seen a good amount of consumable uptick that's driving it. As you've seen, our recurring revenue is almost at 62% right now and that is predominantly mix and a little bit of spares and the -- some of the SaaS software side, but predominantly consumables. If you recall and go back into the history, when things are more normalized, that tends to be in the high-50s, right. So that kind of helps you dimensionalize now the transition as the volume comes back on the printer side, in PQI, instrumentation side, on the Water Quality side, it's going to be a multi-quarter journey as we kind of move. So, you're not going to see a big variation quarter-to-quarter, but that sort of 62% versus high-50s is the way to dimensionalize the change over time.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah, Brad. This is Sameer. Effectively, really two things here. The first one is the mix comment that you made earlier. Our mix is pretty rich in consumables and recurring revenue right now. We have started seeing some good, encouraging signs on the equipment side. We said in the second quarter, we finally see -- saw a positive revenue growth on the equipment side. So we've modeled in kind of a decent equipment growth in the Q3 and second half of the year. So mix impact is what's kind of flowing through here. And the other one I would say is really on the corporate side. As we kind of get into the second half of the year, we are going to be getting more towards the run rate expenses on the corporate expenses. So that's impacting the margin side as well. So it's really those two things that are impacting the margin.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. No. Thanks for that. Look, I mean, it's first of all, really kudos to all our teams, all our 16,000 people that are really helping drive this kind of fall-through that you're seeing, right? Really proud of what we've been able to achieve this year. But as you kind of think about 30% to 35% is really on the -- over the longer term, right? We do want to incorporate in that long-term value creation algorithm, a healthy investment mix from the sales side, from R&D side. So I think from a long-term value framework perspective, I think still 30% to 35% is the right way to look at it. But I think -- and in the near term, really good performance and execution of the teams is driving a fall-through close to 50%.
Sameer Ralhan: No. I think as you kind of think about long term, Nathan, these investments should be supportive of the mid-single digit growth framework, right? And that is 4% to 6% kind of a range, as we have kind of talked about. So as when we think about that mid-single digit growth framework, we do reflect the incremental contribution coming from these investments on the sales and marketing side, as well as on the R&D side, right? This is a technology-heavy business as you kind of think about in the commercial execution business. So those investments are key as we kind of think about long-term sustainable value creation.
Sameer Ralhan: It kind of depends, right -- just to make sure, Nathan, right, it -- on average, right, this is a cumulative thing that we're looking at. Of course, the new investment should be incrementally driving higher growth from their side, but some things fall out of the portfolio, too.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. Andrew, thanks for that. As you kind of look at the opportunities on the margin expansion, right, this is -- the work that the teams have been doing on the procurement side, really our folks on the front lines and the shop floor, on the factory optimization, so these are lots of singles and doubles. As I said earlier in the call, it's not one or two factors that are driving this margin expansion. And that, frankly, really is the beauty of the kaizen culture, right? That's where you're going to see the margin contribution coming in. Those efforts really that the teams have been doing and execution that is happening is giving us the confidence to really up the bar on the margin expansion for the full year or we have -- instead of 50 basis points to 75 basis points, what we've said -- raised the guidance to is 75 basis point margin expansion for the full year this year. So that should get the full year pretty much close to 24% on the operating earnings margin.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. Very brief, right, Andrew, as you kind of look at Argentina, as we said at the Q1 call, we did the Blue Chip Swap to really insulate any impact on the historical cash that really drove the impact last year. But as you kind of move into this year, effectively, our exposure is much smaller, and that's reflected in the guide.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. No, thanks for that. It really comes down to how you're going to think about the CPG markets, right? CPG markets are evolving, incrementally becoming positive, but it's a pretty fast-changing views that we are seeing. So I think, as you kind of look at the guidance range, one of the big drivers is how we kind of think about the CPG markets and the impact they will have on the on the PQI topline. I would say -- if there's one thing I can say, that's one of the key things. And then on the margin side, right, I mean, there's always the raw material price versus raw material contribution we always look at. We believe we have baked in a pretty prudent view here. So, any benefit from that will be more enduring towards the high end of the range.
Sameer Ralhan: Yeah. Joe, I'll take that one. It's really the sales and marketing, right? If you -- just to take you back, effectively, when you look at the P&L, it really aligns with how we create value in the business. It's more driven by investments in R&D, it's a technology-driven business, and then on the commercial side, right? The secret sauce, what we believe and our competitive strength, is a direct business model that effectively does result in the sales and marketing that you -- impact that you see on -- in the numbers. Overall, we feel really good about our business model that is more direct, and it really drives a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
