Jennifer Honeycutt: Thanks, Sameer. In summary, we successfully executed our spin-off from Danaher and are off to a good start as a public company. Through 9 months this year, we have delivered 3% core sales growth, 50 points of adjusted operating profit margin expansion and 105% free cash flow conversion, solid operating results amid a dynamic macro backdrop. And yesterday, we announced our expectation to pay a quarterly dividend of $0.09 per share. Going forward, we are focused on delivering our commitments, driving continuous improvement and executing disciplined strategic capital allocation that create sustainable long-term value for shareholders. In closing, I want to reiterate our long-term value creation framework. Over the long term, we expect to deliver mid-single-digit core sales growth with incremental margin fall-through in the 30% to 35% range, and we expect 100% free cash flow conversion annually. We intend to complement core growth with disciplined strategic acquisitions. We are confident that the durability of our business, the essential need for our technology solutions and the strong secular growth drivers of our end markets will provide steady growth consistent with our historical track record. The combination of our leading brands, proven value creation playbook powered by the Veralto Enterprise System and the strength of our balance sheet differentiates Veralto, and positions us to deliver sustainable long-term shareholder value. And as we look to build our future, we are unified and inspired by our shared purpose: Safeguarding the World's Most Vital Resources. Our talented, diverse team is excited about the bright future ahead and the opportunities to drive value creation for shareholders by helping customers solve some of the world's biggest challenges while having a positive enduring impact on our environment. That concludes our prepared remarks. I want to thank you again for joining our call. And at this time, we're happy to take your questions. 
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mike. Relative to PQI, I think what we're seeing is signs of sequential stabilization. Again, in the prepared comments, this is really focused on sort of the improving consumable sales. We believe this is attributed to customer destocking being largely complete and resuming order rates more in line with run rate ordering, albeit at lower overall volume. So that said, as we think about the fourth quarter, consumer packaged goods volumes, we still expect to be net negative on a year-over-year basis, changes in consumer behavior relative to inflationary pricing means that these folks on the customer side are going to be doing fewer production runs and smaller batches. And that said, we still have a pretty variable and highly uncertain environment in China as well. 
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yes. I mean, certainly, our biggest downdraft in volume in water was attributed to our China business. I think what we see here is we see some relatively good growth on the treatment side. Certainly, Trojan benefiting from the CHIPS Act. We've got ChemTreat that's seeing good positive momentum in sectors such as energy, agriculture and metals. On the muni, demand side for municipalities is a little bit softer. Municipalities are really focused on making sure that they are focused on regulatory compliance, and so their order patterns are consistent with that. But they're still holding off a little bit in terms of plant upgrades and investments related to optimization. So process optimization is still a little bit lackluster, but solid demand still in the municipal regulatory compliance side. 
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yes. I mean, I think some of these supply and demand nuances will start to level out. There is good funding available with the Infrastructure Bill here in North America. We're seeing a robust growth here for our municipal business in Europe. So it's really more of a matter, I think, of sort of the global economic environment and sort of a steady recovery of industrial markets. But we hold to the mid-single-digit performance for Water Quality going forward. These are essential solutions for people around the world. So, we think the underlying macro is a little bit choppy right now, but the secular drivers remain strong. 
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andy. Our pipeline across both Water Quality and PQI is strong for M&A, and we've got a number of opportunities that are currently being considered. We do not anticipate that we will require a lengthy ramp time as a public company. We have executed the spin with a remarkable level of discipline and focus on the back of the learnings that Danaher had from its prior spends, and we feel pretty good about where we are positioned. That said, we are going to take a very disciplined approach to M&A, just as we would expect from our heritage at Danaher. We're going to make sure that it's a market that we like with companies that have similar operating model durability and financial profiles where VES can drive growth and margin expansion. And we've got to be able to get at the right valuation. So we believe, obviously, this is going to be an important catalyst for value creation over time, but we will maintain similar rigor and discipline as we've seen amongst these businesses as part of Danaher in the past. So, timing is always difficult to predict. M&A is episodic, but we are in the market and working a number of opportunities. 
Jennifer Honeycutt: Yes. I think that remains variable based on what industries, markets we're talking about. We do see some of our customer segments that are use it or lose it kinds of budgets. And we would expect that we will see some of that here in the fourth quarter, albeit at probably lower rates than we have seen sort of historically in the pre-pandemic era. 
Sameer Ralhan: Yes, Mike. This is Sameer. I'll jump in on that one. As you kind of look at the sequential margin improvement, that's primarily driven by some of the cost optimization things that we've been doing, especially in PQI and also the impact of the Argentine peso devaluation in Q3. We have not assumed that in Q4. It's a one-off item in Q3. So majority of the uptick that you see on a sequential basis going from Q3 to Q4 will be in the PQI segment. 
Sameer Ralhan: Yes. If you're going to look at some of the costs, things like standalone costs, we are ramping from Q2, Q3. They're going to be on a more run rate basis in Q4. So, they're going to start reflecting. But overall impact from the demand of sales, [ we aim to be ] ultimately close to the margin as well. We'll give that guide, view as we are going to get the guide early next year for '24. 
Sameer Ralhan: Yes, Andy. Thanks for the question. Look, I think overall for the PQI side, overall, yes, in general, the volumes are low. You're going to see some impact on the absorption side. But overall, the biggest impact actually was a currency one. So, that's why I highlighted that in my prepared remarks. And just to frame that for you, essentially, the impact if the Argentina peso devaluation impact you remove, actually PQI would have been up by almost 60 basis points. So that gives you just a sense of how big the impact was going from 22.8% to almost 24.2%. So, that is one of the biggest impact. And that, of course, is a one-off and we don't expect that to occur in Q4. And also, we did some cost optimization actions. As you know, we don't take those costs out, adjust those costs out. So the benefit of that, you're going to start seeing in Q4 itself. That's why I earlier said that you're going to start seeing a sequential improvement in Q4 in PQI, and that's driving big chunk of the overall company sequential improvement that we laid out in the guidance. 
Sameer Ralhan: And Joe (sic) [ Michael ], maybe if I can add a little bit is as we talked at the Investor Day, right, we are lot more tied to the operating budgets to the -- of our customers rather than capital side, so that kind of helps us as well as you're going to move forward. 
