Thomas C. Keys: Hi, Brett. This is Tom. I'll first take the first piece here, and we'll go with the ARPU. We certainly think there is going to be some pressure from family plans, although we do think it will be offset by our Android promotion. We have some promotions on Android handsets, and we have seen a mix in family plans where consumers will mix Android and feature phones. And depending upon how that's done, we could see this as being ARPU-neutral to the total ARPU inside the family plan depending upon how many devices get added. And we think that will be important to us. Churn in the fourth quarter, the one thing we have seen is that it is somewhat favorable. Early signs of our smartphones, we think our smartphones are showing us some signs of a better churn characteristic, albeit still early. We also believe that our LTE devices are showing a favorable churn characteristic over feature phones, but again, early because those bases are still new compared to our feature phone base which is somewhat mature.
Thomas C. Keys: Well, our fourth quarter, it's always backloaded, right? We always see a very, very high seasonal uptake once we get into the holiday season. So in terms of net additions, everything is always backloaded. And that could also impact ARPU depending upon when net additions come into the quarter. But at the same time, I would call it too early to give us full momentum for the quarter, but we're excited about the holiday season. We have a full lineup of handsets today. We have 5 Android handsets in the lineup. We have 3 LTE handsets in the lineup, and we have a robust set of handsets coming in the first and second quarter. So I think we're well positioned for the seasonal uptick.
Thomas C. Keys: So I'll take the first one, Phil. In terms of returns, we've always had a program out there called Metro Promise, right, where we allow individuals to buy a handset, within 7 days or 60 minutes of usage understand if they have the coverage they need inside their home. That's fairly flat. What you can't find inside Android devices -- when people come back to the store, they might not have understood an application. They may not have downloaded their Gmail first to make the Android store work for them, so sometimes, we have to do a better job of training, its a constant evolution inside of our doors. But sometimes, we'll get a no trouble found, where the person will come back in the store not understanding what to do, so we train better. But we haven't seen an increase in Metro Promise based upon any movement towards LTE or Android phones. We just have to train better at the store level.
Thomas C. Keys: Well, first, I'll deal with the iPhone buzz. There certainly is a buzz out there, you bet you, which probably gets to the whole wireless industry because everybody understands that devices are important. Consumers being satisfied, getting what they want is important. So at the end of the day, we probably all benefit from that because it keeps wireless top of mind. The family plan promotion specifically was not geared towards any one competitor. It was really geared towards a time of the year that we believe there's a jump-ball within the contract industry. Traditionally, more postpaid players have, let's say, lowered credit to get more people into contracts in the fourth and first quarter. So in this time of year, we have more people who are coming off of contracts. They have more ability to look, and as they look, we want to make MetroPCS available. We want to make sure they understand the opportunity to come to us. So by offering a family plan, we then get a lower demographic, like we get anybody from 12 up who would like to get a phone. We get parents who are looking for that no-contract opportunity, where they're not bound by 3 or 4 handsets for the next 24 months in an economy that seems like it's still having issues. So we think that the family plan is just a timing and a seasonal play much more than it is a specific response to any one competitor's activity.
Thomas C. Keys: Ric, let me just add one thing. This is Tom. I generally get the short straw, and I make the trip overseas about 3 times a year. And I can tell you that literally, the roadmaps we have with 4, 5 players right now, we look towards the middle of '12, a little bit into the third quarter, and we're going to see devices, literally, with 4-inch screens or better. We're going to see processors of 1, 1.2 gigahertz or better. We're going to see front-facing, rear-facing cameras. We're going to see 5, 8 megapixel cameras in the back, 3 megapixels in the front for video chat. We're going to see dimensions that are about 13 centimeters, maybe even a little bit thinner. We're going to see batteries at the 1,500, 1,600, 1,800 milliamp level, and you're going to see, obviously, gingerbread move to ice cream sandwich. And everybody's doing this at a price point where they recognize that they can do this for MetroPCS. If they can hit this greenfield opportunity and we can convert the base to the capacity that Roger mentioned that's already built into the network, we think we'll see, number one, the opportunity for better churn characteristics; number two, the opportunity to convert people who can get that postpaid experience in a pay-in-advance world. And that's the important step for us, so we're going to bridge, as we take our handset lineup over the next 9 months, feature phones will absolutely be important. Putting people on 4 for $100 promotions will be important because that has a good churn characteristic for the company. And then once we get to that point in '12, we think it's a much different ballgame for us.
Thomas C. Keys: Well, I can tell you if you look at my passport recently, you will find a Chinese visa in there, Craig, absolutely a couple of times. And there's a few others that we're talking to as well, so obviously, ZTE, Huawei, we have extensive roadmap discussions going on there. China is certainly a price leader, but we also believe that our partners in South Korea are not wanting to be left out of this and are extremely engaged with us as they try to get their costs down. And I think the implied message here is that if everybody can build devices for MetroPCS and if we're going to be in the front of this and if other carriers go to an LTE model, then, of course, all the OEMs see this as not just a build specific for Metro, but actually, it's a build for the industry. With regard to VoLTE, we absolutely believe it's important to our devices to be able to re-farm. We think carrying voice and data on one channel is extremely important. Most of our carriers are working the VoLTE requirement into their releases into '12. We hope we can match that time frame with what we want. We'll see what happens. I don't think we would significantly impact our customers if we had a handset or 2 that couldn't meet that requirement. But I got to tell you that we have engaged our software partners. We have engaged our chipset partners. So everybody is working towards getting our devices to be VoLTE-capable as we do this LTE for All project in the middle of '12.
Thomas C. Keys: Yes, we have multiple options on the table right now, Craig. There's not just one chipset supplier. There are people who are doing different combinations. We're looking at all of those. And we're really trying to push the envelope here to make sure that we don't leave any stone unturned. And as we see different opportunities come up, we're going to look at something, and yes, if it does meet our requirement, we think we can take advantage of it. But right now, the party line, if you will, is we would love to have VoLTE because it's great for the network, but we'll look at every opportunity when it comes to a cost-competitive device.
Thomas C. Keys: I think I got most of those questions written down. Let me see how I do here. First, on our LTE numbers, we really don't break out the numbers, as you probably know. I will tell you that as of right now, although it's early, I think I mentioned this, the characteristic of churn on the network, people are enjoying the LTE experience, and we're seeing a really good churn characteristic on our LTE devices. Today, we only have 3 LTE devices in the network, and they're relatively new compared to the embedded base of feature phones. We just launched the LG Esteem as an example. We've got it at a price point right now of $249. It's out there at $349. There's a $100 mail-in rebate on it. And that device has gone well in certain places where we are more well known, places where we've been in business longer. And then in places where we have stores and a higher demographic, we've seen, in some cases, a 17%, 18% take rate of that one device out of that total store's take rate, which is really good for a higher-price 4G LTE device. In terms of the price points on our just 1x Android devices, right now, we're finding that one of the more high-priced devices, which is the Admire. The Samsung Admire versus the Huawei 835 is probably a 50-50 split in terms of what the consumers are taking because they're also willing to pay for higher-feature sets. They're willing to pay for a bigger screen. They're willing to pay for a faster processor. And our job at the door -- why this is so important is unassisted versus assisted sales that we talked about, it's really just not to highlight what big-box doesn't have, it's really to highlight what we have. We've got 5,300 dealer doors in the community that are telling everybody what our phones do. They're demonstrating what the phones do so that kind of walking out with the phone working with an understanding of what Android is is so important because the different processor speed will give you a different experience, and then the perception of the network is that much better when, actually, it's the same network in 2 different handsets. So higher-end handsets have value. Our customers are willing to pay for value. We just have to do the best job possible getting the word out through our promotions and then training the doors.
Thomas C. Keys: I'll take the last part. Anytime a competitor wants to nationally advertise pay-in-advance prepaid services, I think that actually makes the acceptance of having a no-contract offer a little bit greater. It allows people to realize that this is a segment that is not just value-driven but its absolutely practical. So we really don't mind that. It just highlights the importance of getting our message out there and letting consumers and our 100 million covered POPs understand the value that Metro brings with the quality of network. Just one anecdote from Dallas/Fort Worth, where we've rolled out some surgical DO, that when we implanted the DO into the network, we saw a 30% offload of our switch, which helped in the congestion side. So by offloading the switch that way, by giving consumers a better experience, it's always our goal, and we do feel that the timing and the roadmap that we've put together is adequate for the demand that we're forecasting into the future.
Thomas C. Keys: I guess the best example is if I could push the fish on Monday, I guess that would be acceptable for everybody. But we really find that our consumers are really looking for Android. They're looking for the open OS. They're looking for the more than 300,000 apps. But I do want to highlight that with our DO implementation, we believe that the experience on DO will be really satisfying to our customers. It's the reason why we did it, and we're not trying to set a trend that simply says we can sell more and create additional congestion. So we believe the importance that we have to do is maintain our roadmap, maintain our installation roadmap and then be able to monitor the network, make sure that the switches don't have congestion and deliver the level of service that we believe we can into the future. I can tell you that if I try to take the 70 basis points churn and split it up between what was network congestion and what was false churn, the one thing we don't get very well from our customers is why did they leave us. We simply find the customer who gapped out generally didn't pay their bill. Whenever we find anecdotal evidence of a consumer problem, of a network problem, we certainly address it as quickly as we can, but it's really hard to put a number on that 70 basis points.
Thomas C. Keys: Churn across all of our markets, it's pretty well peanut butter spread, and a lot of this effect can be on the economy, right? So one of the reasons why we went back to the 4 for $100 is because when we did this about 2.5 years ago, we had a very good churn characteristic from that particular promotion. Now if you can allow people to get a benefit of an unlimited feature phone service and keep their family together, have the security communications and give them a lower price in arguably the worst economy we've seen potentially since the Great Depression, we think that's got to do things for the brand. It's got to do things to help churn over the long run. So there's various levers that we're trying to push, but we also want to make sure that everybody understands that MetroPCS does have high-end handsets, does have Android handsets that people want at rate plans that are extremely affordable inside of this economy. So we have to have a little bit of both. If we just went with one plan versus the other, I don't think that would be prudent.
J. Braxton Carter: And Brett, I'd like to add that there has always been a seasonal decrease in the fourth quarter and first quarter in churn. Just given some of the migration patterns in the U.S. and some of the other dynamics that we deal with, we wouldn't expect the seasonal trends to be different than they have been in the past.
J. Braxton Carter: Sure, Simon. We have been very, very active in our continued search for spectrum. I mean, spectrum is the lifeblood of our business. You look at the projected growth and data rates. Positioning for the future is very important to us. And I think that will be more of a short-term benefit that when we do get and deploy a spectrum, we will see a fairly significant dropoff in our CapEx and a resulting increase in our free cash flows. Another point that we made is really, to get the true benefit of the speed of 4G LTE, we've deployed 5x5 in a lot of markets, but having more spectrum to deploy would definitely be a positive. So I think a lot of great rationale. You look at the various options out there, there are pros and cons with each individual option. Certainly, there's different propagation characteristics with different parts of spectrum. But there's an overriding issue here, what's the willingness to potentially part with some of the spectrum and what are the valuations and what is the timing. And that's the needle that we're trying to thread. We're looking again at multiple options and trying to do what's best for our company and our shareholders.
J. Braxton Carter: You know, Simon, just to go in a little bit more detail on the nationwide footprint, there is some interest in the nationwide footprint, but I think practically, the majority of the options that we're looking at, that wouldn't necessarily be the case. It's interesting optionality, especially in what we view spectrum being worth and appreciating in value over the next few years. But if we did obtain more of a nationwide footprint, at this point, we'd have no plans on continuing a build with so many different networks already in place. And particularly, with our business model going in and building, overbuilding other markets where there's model like this, there's definitely different return characteristic. So that would not be part of the plan. I mean, certainly, there's options with network sharing and other unique things that you might be able to do with it. But building out a full nationwide network is not part of the game here.
J. Braxton Carter: Todd, on your question on cash taxes and our NOL position, we have a very significant NOL. And at this point, we do not anticipate paying any cash taxes until mid-2014.
Roger D. Linquist: I think the congestion that we've seen in the network that we, I think, have been keen to address with the deal carriers has probably had some impact on the churn. But recall that, I think, we have in the Buy One Get One Free promotion that we've had in the second and in third quarters, that we've experienced, perhaps, an additional churn from those users who had early on picked up an additional line that may or may not be well used or well purchased. So I think from the standpoint of the deal carrier, I think that's been a major improvement, where a little bit more than halfway deployed would be fully deployed by the end of November. I think that gives us rates comparable on streaming, as I mentioned before, given the compression technology that we've implemented. So it's, from our point of view, very comparable with the 3G data experience.
Roger D. Linquist: I think there are various spectrum alternatives that certainly come in different, shall we say, bands and as well as geographical or interest to sell geographical areas. So it's really more on the seller's part than the buyer's part. At this point, our interest is to make sure our markets are adequately covered. The point I made earlier that we have, through, I think, our initiatives, certainly this year and next year, very substantial LTE capacity that's, at this point, in, we would call, excess capacity. So I think in the very near term, our real challenge is to get the LTE ecosystem functioning as we had indicated. And we see that really as a 2012 event, second half. So that figures very importantly in the time span that we would have to access spectrum, and it also impacts our planning for the eventual re-farming of our CDMA spectrum.
Roger D. Linquist: I think we see CPGA as being somewhat stable but obviously hope to bring it down in due course. But I think at this point, where we're making the transition to our LTE network, that we're going to continue to support a strong lineup of Android phones, which, by and large, at this point, the price points really require us supporting them more than we have traditionally. So I think you'll probably see those numbers stay in place for the next couple of quarters anyway.
Roger D. Linquist: That's a $64 question, I guess. There are still people like myself that, other than e-mail, it's really voice. I don't even do text because I'm really not that good at it. But the fact is that I think there's still a group of segment, if you will, that really looks to have voice and text services and they're minimally in the Web. So I think feature phones, certainly, the kind that look like the BlackBerry style, which we have, we call it the Freeform, are very, very interesting on our people because they allow for really good text and also Web browsing. So I think that they are going to be like the analog phone. I mean, it's going to hang around for a long time. I think what we're going to see and what we're really planning on in this acceleration the last half of next year is that this is the time that we feel that we can produce Android handsets with a screen size of real interest to people in the price range that I indicated before. And I do think that is a major turning point because 4G speeds, the mixture of the fiber and microwave backhaul we'll have available in that time period will allow for very significant download speeds, which means, for us, capacity. And clearly, the low latency is very attractive to users because when their screen pops right away, it's an indication that they're getting the service that they signed up for.
Roger D. Linquist: Let me take that one first if I can, Todd. For us, the MVNO strategy puts us in a different business model. And at this point, with the interest of the nationals that we're seeing with the prepaid and payment-in-advance world, along with the other MVNOs that have been fairly significant over the last year now, developing Androids probably in the last 3 to 6 months, that this is a very competitive big-box type approach. And quite frankly, we think that we're much better off with the opportunity we have in the 105 million covered POPs that we have because we just really, we think, have scratched the surface in the family segment. The family segment is, as you know, a very substantial part of all the contract companies today, and our 4 to 5 million-type customers on that service just barely scratched the surface. So we have so much knitting to do in our own markets, in our own coverage area that, from our standpoint, extending beyond into this very, very crowded and competitive big-box arena is not that attractive.
Roger D. Linquist: Yes, so as I mentioned before, our deployment has been very selective, and as such and as Tom also indicated earlier, the CapEx expenditures have been far less. Probably about 1/7 or 1/8 of total overlay. So we really are looking forward to the LTE network. I've indicated how much latent capacity we have to begin to sell on that once the handsets become in the affordable price range. But the handsets that we have currently, which are 1x and DO, so all of our Androids that we have been selling for the last 6 months are DO-capable, so they all can enjoy the increase in capacity coming about by the additional DO carriers that we have put them in the high-use, high-traffic cell sites.
