Thomas Keys: Yes, Brett. This is Tom. Factors on churn, obviously seasonality in Q2 based upon our high net gains in Q1. Competitive factors are certainly out there. There's still, well, a lot of aggressive plans as well as some government phones launching in different markets, economic pressure. But family plans, as we've stated, I think the base is close to 38%. But in the second quarter, it was approximately 48% to 49% of all subscribers came on, on family plans. So we see family plans as being beneficial to churn in the long run, but we probably didn't see any of that benefit in the second quarter.
Thomas Keys: I would think mostly it's going to be normal seasonality as we've seen in years past in the second and third quarters.
Thomas Keys: Rick, I can tell you that it's probably too early to call that in the quarter, certainly with only one month gone. We do believe there's going to be economic headwinds, as we stated in the scripts. We don't think that's going to subside right now. And certainly, third quarter does have seasonal pressure that we're going to continue to see. So I can't call that for you, but we understand what the seasonality of the second quarter means for the business.
Thomas Keys: So yes, we had various promotions in the second quarter, as we do every quarter. The driver for the quarter was an Android for All promotion, which, in essence, was a family promotion but was led with our Android phones. With regard to the iPhone 3, I can tell you it's fairly popular. So I can't attribute that on a consumer by consumer basis. But at the end of the day, that is a handset and an operating system that is in demand by many, many people.
Thomas Keys: David, I'll take a couple of those. First, in terms of any Verizon impact in the 2 markets, we kept our advertising and our brand awareness, I would say, normal to high in those markets, so I can't attribute anything specifically from that offer in those 2 markets. We do know what Verizon was advertising, and we were aware of that and we tried to stay out in front of that. With regards to Sprint and T-Mobile and any bounty effect, there has been substantial hoarding bounties out there. They range from a variety of offers market to market, carrier to carrier. And at the end of the day, those can certainly be compelling to some people to make a switch if they think the economy is that bad and that's a way to get ahead of the curve. We did not offer any bounties like that in the second quarter. The value of smartphones to the base is a good question, and what we tried to do was bring smartphones in reach of our customer base. Number one, it's what they're demanding. Number two, we understand there's a higher cost at times of the device with the operating system. And we attempted, through our Android for All family plan promotion, to bring people to the base and to understand the value with our service in a no-contract environment. So I think I would go back to the offset of that in seasonality in the second and third quarter coupled with the economy. We do see it being tough out there currently. We see anecdotal evidence in our stores with our subscribers through conversations, through focus groups. So we work through to try to continue to have our handsets. You've heard Roger talk about being the best deal in town. We continue to see ourself that way. And we have to make ourselves attractive not only to our current base but also to future people who want to move out of contracts and go to a no-contract opportunity.
Thomas Keys: Yes. I think it's hard to draw those analogies. We had a larger percentage of smartphones sold in the first and second quarter. So they're going to contribute obviously to our percentage of churn. That's just normal. But I was just mentioning about the economy. We just haven't seen it get better in the markets that we do business in. So we're mindful of that. We have to continue to try to bring our handsets in reach to our customers, and then provide a quality experience so our customers are compelled to stay with us. I can't make a complete analysis of what you're looking for right here.
Thomas Keys: Phil, from some outside studies, we think we held our share for the first half of the year very well and actually grew the base. So promotions are always necessary in our business to get awareness, right? And once we get awareness in a market, depending upon the age and the vintage of the market, we can different things. Obviously, in more mature markets, we can move quicker and at times see a greater take rate on our promotions. In younger markets, it takes us a little bit more investment, obviously to be a little bit more aggressive at times with the amount of marketing dollars we put into that. We'll generally use the same promotion nationwide, but we may emphasize additional media or different spending to get the promotion out in places that we've only been in business for 2 years.
Thomas Keys: No. Actually what it did is it reinforced that when we go to a targeted promotion, we can be successful at this because it was at an Android, which really was a family plan offer, but we based it off of the success of the Android platform. So we really enjoyed the results of that, and it kind of reinforced to us that our marketing of -- when we apply the dollars so it can be successful.
Thomas Keys: Jennifer, this is Tom. I would call it too early to tell. When we look at 2010, they were up, but they were only up marginally. So it's really about the promotional impact and how well we execute all this. So it's too early to tell.
Thomas Keys: On the no-pay customers, Craig, we really don't have a view that they're going anywhere else. We do see our reactivation numbers month-over-month are steady, if not increasing slightly. So we do see people come back on to the network. Anecdotally, from payment in the stores, from our cash payments, we think that's fairly consistent. But we can tell by our dealers, by our company-owned stores that it is tougher for people to come up with their monthly rate plan. There is a belief that right now, people are just struggling to get by. And obviously, if you take a Maslow's look at needs, this one is not 1 or 2. So it's just suffering probably with the rest of the economy. Smartphone customers right now, are they biting off more than they could chew? I think part of what we get our people upgrade from a positive experience. So they stay with us again, they reaffirm their belief in the brand. New customers coming to us either from a competitive contract rate or for their first time in, I think they do after we adjust. It's $10 more than a $40 feature phone plan, obviously. So there could be some pressure there, but it's too early to tell since we're just into this thing for about 9 months now.
Thomas Keys: I think if you look at when those plans launch, where they launch and how they launch, we certainly see blips in those markets, we can tell from third-party data that we get that's available to everybody. When we see an Assurance wireless plan launch in a market, we can see about a 90- to 120-day blip with an increase in activations on that particular MVNO brand. And then it could be a slight dip in our market while that happens because the consumer's going to be drawn to free. It's kind of hard to fight that, so we just let that go through. We let the blip play through in the market. We try to be consistent with our offering.
Thomas Keys: Yes, well, just in terms of the last part of the question by John on the third quarter, first of all, we try to give everybody a quality experience, like Rogers said. We try to [indiscernible] for capacity for now and for the future. Secondarily, in the no-contract model, it's really important that we put offers out there that also have some form of retentive value that we attempt to keep customers on the network for as long as possible in a model where they have choice. And if the economy does get difficult, that choice is probably tougher for us to overcome as a company. So in terms of everything we stated, I would say it's too early to tell about the third quarter. We don't do forward-looking statements that way about what the net gains will be for the third quarter. But we always look for offers that give us the best opportunity to retain customers in a model where literally, they can vote us off the island 12 times a year. So trying to put offers out there that work and then help that effort is our #1 objective.
J. Carter: Yes, David, it's Brax, and let me get down to some numbers that might help put the seasonality in perspective. And remember in the first quarter of 2010, we had not -- we'd just launched Wireless for All. So we still had the run-off of our free Wireless for All offerings that were out there. So the first quarter of 2010 had a significant amount of false churn in it. When we normalize what we think that false churn was and look at Q1 '11 over Q '10 normalized for false churn, we believe that the gross adds were up, adjusted for that false churn, 13%. When you look at the gross adds not adjusted for the false churn, it's about 4%. So that was significant incremental growth that impacted us in the second quarter, which had a very substantial impact here. And that, coupled with the impacts of the economy -- I mean, Tom talked about the differences between smartphone churn and non-smartphone churn, and at this point we're not seeing any significant difference. But remember, smartphones are fairly young in their evolution. And the take rate of that has been increasing, and we need to see how things play out and develop. But at this point, we're not seeing a big difference.
J. Carter: Yes, Tim, you're absolutely right. There are a lot of moving parts on EBITDA, and on one of them is what is your gross additions during a particular quarter. So if you look at the EBITDA margins, there is seasonality within that. But when you look at a longer period of time year-over-year and you look at historically what we have accomplished even with some very significant initiatives such as rolling out LTE, such as the Wireless for All, which was essentially a $5 price cut by embedding taxes and regulatory fees in the rate plan, now we offset that with mixed execution. But those initiatives put significant pressure on our EBITDA margin, yet we are still growing margins on a continual basis. And that is certainly what we're continuing to drive to. The one thing about our business with 9.1 million subscribers, we have a lot of additional scale in front of us, and you are seeing some of those scaling benefits in the CPU number coming down.
J. Carter: I think when you're looking at the service gross margins, there is an impact there due to the continued rollout of 4G LTE. And that investment, we talked about that being the majority of that footprint increasing to our newer subs [ph]. It's not as clean-cut as just additional data pressure coming in. When you look at the overall profitability characteristics of smartphones, first of all you're driving a higher ARPU with that. Now some of that was muted in the second quarter given that our primary promotion was family planning. We saw the highest ever take rates in family plan penetration, as Tom alluded to. So we didn't see a significant of an ARPU growth as we've seen in prior quarters. Now backing away from family plan promotions, you will potentially see more of an impact of smartphones penetrating. But they're at a $50 higher ARPU, which does positively impact the margin characteristics of the company.
Roger Linquist: Well, let me take the first part of that. It's Roger. We've added a lot of capacity, obviously, for the CDMA network. LTE build continues, and that's a very important part of this overall CapEx. The increases that we've made in terms of the guidance we've given does reflect the fact that we are building capacity both at the cell site and the radio access networks that we're in as well as the core. So that's the question. A lot of this investment will be going in rather lumpy so that there will be a future benefit here that is not immediately realizable. But we have done quite a bit of expansion, and we plan to do some more because, obviously, the data demands on the Android phones, which we're very successful in selling right now, as everybody knows, is much higher on the data usage side. I would say one thing, that the additional CapEx that we are putting in and beginning to put in, which is a part of this plan, is going to go to a microwave backhaul system so that we can get the full benefit of the forward link in LTE. And that upgrade is going to be primarily on the microwave side. So we should see a significant benefit in the future. And this will be a future benefit late '12 and going into '13 for EBITDA. So on one hand, we are investing in the future very significantly in LTE. But the increase is also very substantially going to support our network in the CDMA area. In terms of quality, we're always focused on staying ahead of quality and service disruption. The effort here is, I think, staying ahead of the game. But I will tell you this, that the significant increase in usage is putting demands on the system. So this increase truly reflects what's needed to get through what we anticipate being the balance of the year.
Roger Linquist: Yes, I was just saying I'll take the first part of this. The mention of VoLTE, I think, is important for us because we want to make sure that when we do make a transition, the transition is from the CDMA network to the LTE network, not just in data but in voice also because we believe there are some opportunities and efficiencies that can be gained there. But that hasn't taken place. We'd indicate that we're on track at this point to get that into first quarter -- likely first quarter next year with the VoLTE handset that will start our evolution towards both LTE, data and voice. I think as it relates to the phone picture, as to when we expect to get phones priced in an area where we can see that they're competitive with the 3G-type handphones that are available today, I think that's going to be in the mid to second half of next year. I think we'll start seeing some price declines as we go into 2012. But I think the real effort that we want to put forward and that we see is opportunities from handset suppliers will probably be a second half of 2012 effect.
Roger Linquist: Yes, we have not broken out the numbers between 4 -- LTE and CDMA at this point. And so we don't plan on doing that. And I think that the adoption is really reflective of the high-priced handsets. And so I think the best connection I can make is that the high-priced handsets that we're selling on 3G is about the same proportional value on LTE. I think that this is may -- there may be a little stronger, so people who are willing to pay for a higher priced handset on 3G are certainly in the smaller percentage range of our promotional handsets. So I think it's -- the adoption at this point is really reflective only of the handset price itself.
Roger Linquist: Well, that was a fairly significant list. Let me try to get that, Jonathan. Clearly, the CapEx is going to continue to be needed whether we get spectrum or not. But it will be, shall we say, right off the green densification in most with [indiscernible] to replace the spectrum that you could have bought. So spectrum and CapEx does have an equivalency, and I think we've not indicated this -- what the equivalency is. But the key here, I think, is that there are opportunities, we believe, to purchase spectrum. As we've said before, we're looking into them. The notion that there are 3 or 4 possibilities -- you cited the Clearwire spectrum, the DISH spectrum, Touch Band [ph], then the LightSquared, which is really a lease kind of concept and -- as opposed to ownership, and then the possibilities that could be the result of the AT&T merger, if that does happen, and the subsequent likely divestiture of spectrum they would have. I think it really comes down to the economics, what we can purchase at. This is not the same type of spectrum. AT&T is -- with its AWS PCS spectrum is not the same at this band [ph]. They're certainly not the same as the Clearwire. We think all of it is usable. There are different requirements and rules for each band, which impact obviously its economic value. So if you put an economic value and normalize all these, I think that we see this as a potential opportunity. And as we've indicated, we are looking across the board, but there's been no decision in this regard and there's nothing we can say at this point.
Roger Linquist: I think, as we've indicated, we have not put forward our projection in 2012. The notion of making these expenditures which we're making this year, you have a significant future benefit. I think the LTE [indiscernible] expenditures are clearly going to be light if they are significant [indiscernible] than the CDMA. As I mentioned before, our objective right now is secure handsets so that we can have a major impact on shifting the balance of our business, certainly beginning to shift the balance of our business in the second half of 2012 towards LTE.
