Neville Ray: Yes. I'll pick it up. So, great to see Simon, and as you referenced I mean the 2.5-gigahertz rollout is absolutely key, right? I mean, that's the material spectrum advantage we now have in this mid-band 5G space. Mike outlined north of 300 megahertz of sub-6 gig spectrum for T-Mobile and nobody and the team is more eager than me and my team to get this stuff rolled out. So we didn't sit on our hands during the pendency of the deal. We've got stuff into leasing and zoning activity. And we were building 2.5 in Philly parts of New York before the deal closed actually. And so we were able to turn some of that stuff up immediately on close and that we just referenced New York and 2.5 rollout coming online this week. And to your question on broadband and fixed, I mean that 2.5-gigahertz spectrum is the critical piece. As we start to ramp that rollout that's going to build capacity specifically great 5G capacity for us to start serving our customers not just with the traditional mobility and wireless service that we're killing it with, but also one in this broadband space. And it takes some time. Obviously, we're not rolling out -- I wish we could roll out 2.5 overnight. It's going to take us months and into years to get that program fully complete across the nation. But as we do that and as capacity becomes available then we'll start to look at delivering that broadband capability to our customers as we've outlined in our deal advocacy and our business plans. It's a very material part of how we see shaping the competitive landscape as we move forward. Probably not too much this year, but I'm hopeful that we'll be making some inroads next year and beyond.
Neville Ray: I wish I could say it would all happen this week. But yes to both questions I mean we're just getting started but we're delighted to make this start. I mean we are literally as Mike said earlier on; we're five weeks into this combination with Sprint. And we're already deploying. So, I think coming out -- we were determined to come out of the blocks super quick. I don't think many folks anticipated we would be deploying the 2.5-gig spectrum so quickly but we have made a start and we're starting in big cities. Here's a fun stat for you all. If you look at the square miles of just what we launched in Philly and we built and put that on air inside really the 30 days of March through the deal. But if you look at the square miles of that footprint in metro Philly, it's approximately two, two and a half times the entire footprint of Verizon's millimeter wave 5G on a nationwide basis. So, they've been rolling this 5G thing out they say for I don't know two years. But in a month I mean we more than doubled the footprint. And yes, I mean mid-band 5G versus millimeter wave we're just going to kill it from a coverage perspective. So, we're moving. We're moving quickly. I mean we're in the key markets in the Northeast that's a big focus for us. I'll give a shout out obviously to my team to the Ericsson guys who've done a great job making this happen. And more importantly, as we look forward, we will launch and build out and lay 2.5-gigahertz spectrum across thousands of sites in 2020. We're off to a great start benefiting from that work from last year which we did at risk. And the rollout of 2.5 is going to move super super-quick. So, we've managed through COVID to deal with permitting delays et cetera. Obviously our teams are working with safety and their health as a paramount and primary concern. But the federal air cover we have as a critical service provider has been key. We actually built over 1,000 sites this last month of April rolling out new spectrum onto those sites. And our plan is to ramp very heavily as we move into this month of May and on through the year. So, lots of 2.5 gig coming. New York, Philly all of the northeast markets very much in our sights as are most of the major metros across the U.S. So, a lot more moves to come and we'll keep everybody posted. New York just turned up as Mike said and Ronald asked. And there were folks running around in New York looking and testing of that I assume observing social distancing and shelter-at-home protocols but I saw some stuff on social with 600 even 700 megabit per second speeds. And so this is with a very limited volume of 2.5-gigahertz spectrum rolled out at this point in time 40 to 60 megahertz. And remember we have secured with the combination with Sprint about 150. So, we have a long way to go in terms of the performance capability, but what we have on the ground is just incredibly exciting. So, key to our deal and key to that consumer experience that we're going to roll out aggressively as we move through the balance of this year.
Neville Ray: Yes absolutely. And again Mike in terms of momentum and integration work I mean kudos to John Sore [ph] and Prasad [ph] and the team I mean we turned up nationwide LTE roaming across all of our sites effectively on 4/1 data clubs. So, all the work ahead of time to make sure that could happen. And what does that mean? It means that the Sprint postpaid customer base when they -- wherever they fall off the Sprint network be that in a rural geography or in building location in Manhattan or wherever it may be, they can now see the T-Mobile network. We know that that network churn was a key driver of the overall churn within Sprint and we're seeing big uptake. I mean on a weekly basis, we're seeing approximately around 10 million unique roamers. I don't like the term roaming, but Sprint customers now leveraging the T-Mobile network. So that's more than one-third of the postpaid phone subscriber base that we have with Sprint. So a lot of uptake. And then just within the last week or so we've activated and provided access for nationwide 5G on our low band. And that footprint is growing every day 250 million pops. We just launched the Bay Area. I mean so that footprint which is the foundational layer to the layer cake of our 5G strategy that's growing like a weed. I mean the teams have been knocking it out of the park building out 600 and our Sprint customers with a 5G-capable phone and now getting access to that footprint too. So lots of dimensions very, very focused on making sure that all of our Sprint customers are getting the best they can from that combination of the Sprint and T-Mobile network.
Neville Ray: Yes. So thanks John. We doubled our speeds. I mean, I think the additional 600 was great the kind of country and our customers needed it during COVID-19. We've, obviously, extended our pledge commitment. We are working with many of those 600 providers to see if they will extend. I'm hopeful they will and continue to enable us to better serve our customers during this period. So more capacity and more speed is exactly what was needed and allowed us to deal with a lot of peaks and increases in traffic that we saw on the network during a very difficult time. So big shout out and thank you to the FCC and Chairman Pai and also the holders that loaned us their spectrum. And as I said, we're hopeful they'll extend a little longer with us as the pledge continues.
Neville Ray: So I'll hit these quick, Jennifer. So our model has been a leased fiber model. We generally do not build fiber to our sites. We let others do that and we get great prices from them for the services we need. And we've been scaling our backhaul for a 5G world for some time. And the performance we're seeing out of these sites we're upgrading with just limited volumes of 2.5 spectrum today are all supported by multi-gig backhaul. And so, we're in a very strong place on that and our providers will continue to drive a lot of intense competition in that space with our model. So that looks to continue on. On DSS, yes, I think, my comments last call seem to -- was there a big discussion in the industry on DSS. And do I feel a lot better? Not really. I was very clear on that call that one vendor is trailing and they're still kind of trailing. So I think the sum of it is, DSS is going to happen. We've heard from our competition and similar to us something will happen this year. But the key message Jennifer is, we're not dependent on DSS for our 5G rollout. And our nationwide footprint is there already. And it's growing at a tremendous pace, as I mentioned earlier in the call. And that's the way to rollout 5G with fiber spectrum not having to share the spectrum with LTE users of between LTE users and 5G users. And our position our wealth of spectrum provides us a wealth of that cover in terms of not having to be reliant on DSS. Now that said, we will deploy the technology. But it's still bumpy.
Mike Sievert: Simon the cable companies are good companies. They're good people, but it's the least competitive market in the history of man. I mean, everybody knows that. And so to us as you know you know how we're wired. I mean, we're competitors. And as Neville says, we're itching to get in there, because we've got a value proposition that I think is going to resonate with millions of people to be able to bring 5G-based home Internet access to people that have never had a choice, never one single choice for many of them. And man, that's going to be fun. So we've got to get the network in condition. As Neville said, it's more next year and beyond than this year, but we're rearing to go, and we see a very big opportunity to change that landscape in that market forever. Great. Thanks a lot.
Mike Sievert: Well, I'll take the first one. And yes, Brett. As you know the number one driver of churn for any carrier and particularly for Sprint is network. And that's what drives people away more than anything. Network. And then the second one is value. And then you bump those two key drivers of churn up against the value proposition that we're building, we're building the best network at the best value. No one's ever been able to offer that before, the lowest prices and the best network. And those are why people churn bar none. That's it. Those are the top two out of two. So I can't predict for you how fast that will dawn on Sprint customers, as we start to give them at their incredible rate plans, the best network in the country. But they're going to turn out, because of this merger to be some of the smartest shoppers this industry has, because we're not going to force them to change their rate plans. We're going to honor those rate plans. And yet we're going to serve them up the best network that this industry's ever seen. And so we're starting to see some benefits of that already and people like it. So that's great. But we've got a lot of work to do. To your point about rate plans, we don't think we have all that much tuning up to do. It turns out that the differences between Sprint ARPU and T-Mobile ARPU, don't have much to do with the fact that Sprint's prices are higher. It has to do with artifacts like, T-Mobile has more lines per account, and therefore more added lines on average than Sprint does, and a different penetration of business, and different numbers of unlimited customers, other artifacts, but not really a dynamic that would suggest that Sprint's prices are higher. So I can't wait to get at it. As we talked about, we're going to start to unify this summer under one T-Mobile flagship brand with an integrated retail fleet and integrated brand that we're going to do everything we can to get that network experience tuned up for Sprint customers faster than they expect. And I think we're going to like what we see from all that.
Mike Sievert: Well, thanks everyone. That's all the time we have. Thanks for joining us today. Operator let's take the next question from the phone queue.
Mike Sievert: Braxton, let's start with you on the -- what's included and how to think about the cost. And then maybe Matt and I can tag team on what we're seeing in the marketplace.
Mike Sievert: Yes. The second piece, we're a share taker. And a share taker likes a competitive environment with a certain amount of churn. Everybody's been home and churn itself has fallen quite a bit. And so obviously, we like an environment where people are able and have less friction to being able to switch providers. And notwithstanding that we've been competing very hard and finding really innovative ways to get that done. So we were killing it in January and February. And then, of course, things came to a pretty fast stop in March. We were quicker to execute slowdowns and shutdowns of our retail in March. We felt it was very important to be decisive. We're based here in Seattle where the whole thing started and we took it probably more seriously than others did. So we moved faster. And we may have been more effective in March than some. All that has equalized now. But Matt, why don't you give us a little color on what you're seeing? And then very briefly I may ask Jon to talk a little bit about virtual retail and curbside and some of the things happening to mitigate market environment from Matt Staneff.
Mike Sievert: We're not waiting for the market to just return to normal. We're changing how we operate. Jon Freier just very briefly about the rapid work we've done to change what retail means in this company.
Mike Sievert: Yes. We did -- yes, I was just going to jump in. We didn't quantify it but that's because we work with every customer. A big piece of how we operate is -- and this may be different for us than some of our competitors because part of our core competency is working with people on very tight budgets and who occasionally have difficult circumstances. And a part of our normal is having to deal with every customer and find a way to meet their needs and we've carried on doing that. Callie Field and team have carried on doing that while having to move 15,000 people to work from home, 92% of our workforce. And so we're honoring the pledge and it's costly. I'm not trying to say it's not incremental. It is costly. But it's hard to count every individual customer because a big part of this is you treat those customers. And we're not going to disconnect them but we are going to encourage them not to stack up bills that they can't afford and to make sure they're on a product and service that they can afford. And our team of customer care heroes are just fantastic at that. And they've stepped up and found new ways of working under Callie's leadership. I'm so proud of them. But it's very difficult for us to quantify in those kinds of numbers. What we have done is make sure you understand the total potential financial tally. Let's go to Twitter and then two more from the phone. And just fair warning for everybody, I will have to step away for the last few minutes of the call. Braxton will be emceeing for us. But I don't want to ignore Twitter. And for example Bill Ho is asking about enterprise, looking ahead to integrating and ramping up T-Mobile Business Group. Mike Katz, Mike Sievert what's the thinking on Enterprise segment growth and competition? Is it low-hanging fruit? By the way we keep talking about day one being mid-summer. We're talking about consumer for that part. Mike Katz and his enterprise team have already achieved day 1 integrating an entire combined Sprint and T-Mobile selling force behind one value proposition under the T-Mobile brand. That was achieved just this week. We're getting off to the races. I'm really proud of what the team's doing and how fast they're forming to capture this opportunity. And Mike I don't know if you want to very briefly give a little bit of color on what you're seeing.
Braxton Carter: Hey Brett on the pro forma opening cash or the actual cash for New T-Mobile we had $7.5 billion after paying all merger-related expenses on 4/1 we have a $4 billion undrawn revolver fully in place five year. So, a total of $11.5 billion of liquidity. Amazingly two years -- two and a half years ago, when we modeled the opening balance sheet, we modeled $11 billion of liquidity including a $4 billion revolver. So, we're actually $0.5 billion ahead. And I want to point out it's a great question. With the financing in place and the opening liquidity we have a fully funded business plan to do everything that we need to do to get to run rate synergies. And you heard Mike talk about our enthusiasm about acceleration of synergies which also means some acceleration of cost to achieve but getting those unlocks quicker. And especially in COVID-19 we are laser-focused on acceleration of these synergies to offset some of the impacts that we're seeing just given this unprecedented crisis for the world.
Braxton Carter: Yes. It's a great question Phil. We are in the process of aligning over 200 accounting policies that are disparate. And you can be informed on the significant items in the pro formas that we put out. So, we know the material ins and outs and those are certainly embedded in here. But there's a lot of miscellaneous stuff that we're working through. We also have the very significant exercise of the purchase price allocation. And what assets, how do we value the assets are going to create differences that are not known at this point throughout the geography of the income statement. We don't anticipate any material deviations from the purchase price accounting on the EBITDA numbers that are already baked into this guidance. But what we haven't worked through is all the valuation of the assets including capitalized lease devices things like the wireline business, so on and so forth. And that can create some issues when it comes to what the valuation and what the depreciation run rate is. But we're not providing net add or EPS, but there will be changes that come out of this. We also have a significant KPI alignment to the T-Mobile policies. And in our disclosures, as you pour through everything, you will see that we have specifically mentioned that there will be significant adjustments to the Sprint subscriber base. And until we finish that work, we're not in a position to quantify it. It will be significant. It will be reductions in multiple categories. And of course that will have impacts on various KPIs as we're looking at the business. Hopefully that's helpful.
Braxton Carter: We got an impeccable track record here and we're conservative in the way that we guide. And -- but we fully believe that its material representation or we wouldn't have given it.
Braxton Carter: Okay. Let me tell you -- let me put it this way that I was supposed to retire two years ago. I've extended three times. We have nothing to announce today. Ultimately whatever capacity, I love this company. I'm not going anywhere. And in some form, I will definitely be part of the future. Just stay tuned for future announcements.
