John Legere: Okay, well done, Nils. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to T-Mobile's fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings call and Twitter conference, coming to live from beautiful sunny Bellevue, Washington. We've got a lot to cover today and we're going to do it a little bit differently. So, first, let me start with what everyone is curious about, and that's the deal. The state AG trial has concluded and our team did an incredible job making our case and backing it up with the facts. We are 100% convinced that this merger will result in a more competitive market with lower prices and a better network for customers. As New T-Mobile, our plans have not changed. We plan to build a transformational 5G network that will unlock a massive amount of capacity, 14 times more than T-Mobile today.  Now, we're waiting the judge verdict and we remain confident in a positive outcome. We firmly believe that the facts are on our side. And while I'm sure there are questions around the remaining steps in the process, including financing, outstanding regulatory approvals and the final resolution with Sprint and the business agreement, we are actively working those decision points as appropriate, but we don't plan to answer specific questions related to the deal process on this call. Now, as you all know, Mike Sievert and I have been working on the CEO transition as he prepares to take over the reins on May 1. I've said it before and I'll say it again. This company will be in great hands with Mike and the rest of the senior leadership team we had so carefully assembled. This CEO transition is the culmination of a comprehensive multiyear succession planning process that I've worked on with the Board of Directors. As you can see from our results today, we continue to fire on all cylinders and will absolutely remain a disruptive force, solving pain points and delivering value to customers.  So, today, I'm going to hand the call over to Mike who will take you through the results of Q4 and the full year. But before I officially hand the mic to Mike, I couldn't pass up the opportunity for a quick teaser. Yep, that's right. we're working on another Un-carrier announcement. Our team of evil geniuses are hard at work on plans to announce our next Un-carrier move that should come later this quarter because you know we'll never stop changing this industry for the better. Stay tuned for more and let the speculation games begin. All right, Mike. And turn it over to you.
John Legere: Now, we dare to turn to Neville Ray to discuss the comparative 5G experiences that he sees. And for those of you that need a short break, I would suggest now would be a good time.
John Legere: What Mike really meant to say is, Matt and Janice did that, while he and I were in Washington and in court for the entire quarter. So, we really do mean it was led by them.  The last thing I'd say is, I like the talk about the Un-carrier move. And Un-carrier moves always signal one thing, which is a really bad day for Verizon and AT&T. To me, that's in and of itself worth every single moment.
John Legere: Wade, we'll send you one. I really feel like we should take one of Walt's questions because if we don't, he's going to just keep putting them up there. We can wait. Any of these Walt questions you want to take or should we wait? Okay. All right. Well, keep typing away. We'll go back to the phones. We'll get to you.
John Legere: It's important remember too is, if you look at the overall results of the big cable players, they're bleeding video customers. So, they certainly, in a portion of their business, understand the concept that they haven't had to learn about yet in wireless, which is churn. This is pretty much low-hanging fruits, subscribers coming in, bleeding video customers, skimming off some wireless customers. But once churn comes back around the block, customers won't forget who the most hated companies in America were and still are. So, we look forward to that. 
John Legere: Okay. I'd like to take one of these questions that came in from one of our favorite fans, Kyle Romanoff [ph]. And Kyle – fascinating question. He said, even win the Super Bowl past, Verizon is continuing to spend heavily on their ad campaign, pitting their LTE network against T-Mobile 5G. You guys plan to keep responding. Could it potentially be a promotional response from T-Mobile? We can probably talk about this on multiple different layers. One is, let's not just go past the Super Bowl because it was a huge embarrassment for Verizon. The amount of money that they spent and how badly they failed to show anything in their 5G and the gratuitous commercials they tried to run which flopped miserably and, of course, we came right back with a lot of information in a blog, pointing out the fallacy of what they're talking about, but also talking about – and maybe even Matt can show his t-shirt because he had a very good fight with Verizon and knocked them out. Yes, tell your mama is a feat. You guys want to talk a little about this at all that, Matt.
John Legere: I think Neville's been doing a very good and responsible job helping the country understand what 5G is and what it isn't. It didn't take long for people to not fall for the 5GE debacle from AT&T. And the more that Verizon doubles down on their position that 5G is millimeter wave, the time is going to come – you can poke fun at a nationwide layer of 5G in low band, but when that's combined with the mid band capability and millimeter wave and you start to see the applications that require a full capability of all three, that's when you realize that they're playing a different game and they're stuck and just keep asking them, please explain to us how millimeter wave alone can deploy 5G capabilities. Super Bowl is fun, but there's a serious dialogue taking place.  And I think last thing I saw was Verizon stock has been downgraded because people don't see any catalyst for where they're headed. We're very clear that what we're doing with the low band, it's a start and it's a piece of a puzzle. But when the puzzle is done, we win and consumers win and it's going to be huge. So, thanks, Kyle. We just used your question to say whatever we wanted about Verizon. 
John Legere: I made two points. One is, the deal will be approved. Point number two, the deal will be approved. But, obviously, to your question, if the deal was not approved, there are certainly a myriad of things that Sprint and we could consider doing to harbor some of what would've taken place when the companies come together. But point four is that the deal will be approved.
John Legere: Yes, we would. In the New T-Mobile, we've been pretty clear on this, I think, which is the New T-Mobile has – is all about capacity, just an unprecedented expansion in network capacity. And so, our job is to build that network up economically. Already we have a pretty lucrative wholesale business, but in standalone, we have diminishing capacity and our best use of that capacity is with our branded business. So, growth aspirations are more modest there. In the New T-Mobile, we have a real interest in growing the wholesale side and the retail side of the business. So, we'd entertain it. Absolutely. And we've indicated that as well through the process. 
John Legere: Just to be clear, we know we are going to win, we just don't know when. And we really done. We could guess and speculate, but we are hoping it's imminent. But it could be whatever the judge decides. So, we don't have any inside track at all as to when it will be. So, we'll keep you posted and pretty sure you will hear us loud and proud when it is, but I guess it is not today.
John Legere: All right, operator. So, I would say there is – we don't have the schedule yet, but there is at least a greater than 0% chance that this would be my last earnings call. So, there's nothing I'd rather do. If it is, then take the next question being the last question from – I'm not sure who it is, but let's just see if it's who I think it is.
John Legere: Yeah. Walt, it depends on what happens in the competitive environment. And one of the things we've – it sounds a little bit arrogant when we say it, but the summary way I'd say it is, we'll deliver as many gross adds as we need to deliver the net add growth that our business plan requires. And we've proven over and over again we can do that. There were times through the last 18 months when churn was rapidly falling across the industry and switching was decreasing. And in order to gain the nets, we didn't have to spend your money on gross adds, we didn't need to deliver the operating performance of this business. Braxton has been very clear for years. That's all about a balance of growth and profitability and we keep that balance. And in every quarter, there is growth we could have gotten and didn't. But what happens in a period of rising churn and rising switching, that's a great opportunity for our business model because we are the net share taker and we know how to go get those adds when we need them, and those adds can get more efficient as well when there's more jump balls. And so, it's a better time to grab the growth because there is more people in the market. And so, that's a nice opportunity too.  And the truth is, we don't know, we don't know, which circumstance we're going to see, but we have a model that's confident and ready to execute whichever way it unfolds through the year.
John Legere: Hey, thanks, everyone, for tuning in. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter and another great quarter for T-Mobile. Thank you for your time.
Braxton Carter: Yeah. Great question. So, first of all, my intro into the guidance, I talked about our playbook. We have always approached our guidance to the Street in a conservative manner. And on a quarter-to-quarter basis, as we execute and perform during the year, we step it up as appropriate. For last two years, there hasn't been a quarter that we have not stepped up adjusted EBITDA.  But there are other things that you need to consider. First of all, the headwinds from the new revenue recognition standard where you have the amortization of the commissions over time. That affects the year-over-year comparability. So, you have to take that into account. Next, we are continuing a very aggressive rollout. It's amazing what happened during 2019, what Neville and the team accomplished on the 600 MHz rollout in 5G. We have very large aspirations for this during the year, which does drive more OpEx into the question. You've got to build it [indiscernible]. So, that's all embedded in your guidance. So, as to your question on the super cycle, we are the only carrier who didn't have a dip in upgrade rates in the fourth quarter, and that's a really good thing because upgrading is reinvesting in the value proposition. And we have sized what we believe will be the upgrade outlook for the upcoming year in our guidance.  When it comes to the cash CapEx, yes, there is a slight dip. But remember that a lot of what we do is project oriented. And now that we have rolled out the extent of low band tops, we're shifting those dollars into 5G and continued rollout of the 600 MHz. There's a baseline spend, but every year we've had a project and those projects roll to other areas. We believe that we've adequately designed this cash CapEx guidance as it's similar to last several years, will be at the very high end of that guidance, and I think that's an appropriate way to look at it. But we do believe we can accomplish everything we need to do with that guidance. Great questions. And glad to provide the additional detail.
Braxton Carter: Really good question. First of all, we're going to win this deal. And remember, with New T-Mobile, we're fully funding a business plan to get us through the three-year period where we're unlocking $6 billion run rate of synergy, which is going to be a massive value creation. We did pause $9 billion board approved buyback when we entered into the transaction with Sprint. But we've been very clear about $9 billion. We're only $1.5 billion into it, in that very unfortunate for America situation that we would return capital to our shareholders. Our focus has totally been on closing the merger. We have not finalized any phasing or reallocation. That was a multi-your program. Remember, it was a $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion program. And right now, it's academic as again we believe that we're going to close it. But if that fact does come to fruition, we will certainly be out to the Street with guidance and how we're looking at it. You're right. We're going to be looking at spectrum opportunities on a standalone basis as part of the equation. We have to explore. There's numerous potential opportunities. It was nice to see some of the C band stuff out today. But there's a lot developing in this area and more to come if that's where we end up.
Braxton Carter: I think the answer is absolutely, yes, there's opportunity. First and foremost, when you look at SG&A, you have to understand that, in our business model, where there is a cost to bringing the subscribers on. And I know you very much appreciate that the level of growth that you're obtaining has a direct correlation to the selling expense intensity associated with the business. And if we were more a mature, slower growing business, you would actually see an explosion of margin and significant scale in the SG&A line. But we are and have been a very significant growth company, the only significant growth company in wireless other than the cable guys who are now coming into the space. But when you put that aside, there are other efficiencies, and it's just part of our DNA to look and evolve the process and never be complacent and comfortable with the status quo. And there are other opportunities even in a high-growth area. It's one of the great things about the Sprint merger is the inorganic scale that we get is a massive unlock. But even without that, there are certainly an expectation of margin expansion as we continue to grow and scale organically with the business. And your point on the efficiency of our cost to service, our network expenses, in the early years, we were selling great efficiency there. But remember what we're doing right now, we have fully edged out and have a nationwide geographically equivalent area in the US, and that took a lot of additional OpEx to do so. We did it with the low band spectrum. But now we're rolling out the 5G. And I think this is a phenomena you were going to see with a lot of carriers, with some of the scale efficiency on the network side the equation in this transition period will be somewhat impacted. But even with that said, you saw scale from a cost of service standpoint. So, bottom line, yes, expect continued margin progressions. And that's one of the things we're super excited about with the New T-Mobile, is there is a massive unlock of margin protection. And my final comment there is, you look at the difference in the margins between AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile, it's all scale. I can guarantee you we're more efficient at what we do and what they do and that's the power of that inorganic scaling opportunity that we have [indiscernible].
Neville Ray: I doubt that, Phil. So, no, I'll be super quick. Obviously, we're incredibly excited about launching the first nationwide 5G network in the US. Gives me great pleasure every day to hear about AT&T and Verizon trying to catch us at some point this year, maybe next. But we've gone and laid down that first nationwide layer of 5G. So, huge accomplishment. We had to do an incredible amount of work to open up kind of the FDD kind of door on deploying 5G in sub 6 GHz. So, kudos to the team that made that happen and super important for our business to position ourselves there. What's coming through with that, Phil, is new spectrum, right? This isn't just about rolling out 5G at T-Mobile. We're rolling out all of that 600 MHz spectrum that we secured in an auction not too long ago. So, we're adding new spectrum, new capacity.  Back to the capital question, all of this 5G rollout, we're deploying and future proofing this network. So, we've come a long way right now with the 5G experience. Everything we do is incremental, right? With dual connectivity on top of our LTE layer. So, when we add that 5G goodness on top of what we have in LTE, bringing in some markets 30 MHz, 40 MHz of spectrum coming in now with 600 MHz deployment.  So, a lot of that going into rural America, places that have been traditionally badly served, never got 4G until 10 years after the New Yorks and LA got it. So, we're spreading the 5G goodness all over the US.  So, super excited. The incremental experience is good. But we're just getting started and we have a long, long way to go. Obviously, with the closing of the transaction, the hopeful closing with Sprint, you're going to see an incredible layer of depth of spectrum, especially in metro and urban areas to start going in on top of what we've done with 600 MHz 5G.  So, [indiscernible]. It's way too early to talk about how much utilization there is. We're seeing good pickup on the two devices we launched in December, but it's very early days still, Phil, for the industry.
Neville Ray: So, Simon, two questions. You had the CBRS. So, obviously, the unlicensed stuff is moving into – we can freely deploy that now with some of the sharing mechanisms out in the market. The auction on the license segments, so the 70 MHz coming up for auction mid-year, so we know a lot about CBRS already. We see it as primarily a small cell spectrum layer. It has some material limitations. Not so much from the sharing, but from power limitations, but there's something there. And so, it joins the toolbox, so to speak, and we have unlicensed, other opportunities we continue to explore and expand upon. So, it's in there. I don't think it's going to be transformative. I think we all know that. But it can be helpful. Your second question was on dynamic spectrum sharing. So, that's the ability to share both LTE and 5G on a common radio. We've been a key proponent and driver of that technology, but it's late. Clearly, for us, we are in a position where we can deploy 5G as we demonstrated on our low band spectrum because we have new spectrum today. We've not had to wait for DSS to mature as Verizon is, for example. Verizon is stuck today. They don't have the ability without DSS to really deploy. In low band, they don't have enough spectrum to go do it. What we're seeing, unfortunately, as you know, we are seeing some vendor delays there. There's a lot of information coming through as we start to fully test software and capability in the future. And it's to be a tough year on DSS. We'll keep pushing. The industry will. But, certainly, there's of the major vendors right now that's very late on delivering that capability. The good news for us is that we clearly, as we've demonstrated, don't have to wait for DSS for our low band deployment.
Neville Ray: But one last thing for me. It would be fun to run around the country and show where Verizon's 5G doesn't work. That would be, I think – it would be millions and millions of square miles compared to maybe the few hundred thousand square miles, if that where they have coverage today. We're proud of where we are on 5G. And fool can run around and find somewhere where wireless are low on a network. We beat Verizon on LTE speeds today with our LTE. And with our 5G on top, we're even better. Them is the facts. If they want to find a street corner somewhere where that they can navigate something different, so be it.
Neville Ray: Yeah. Thanks. Good question, Rick. Obviously, we talked earlier and Braxton talked about the major investment we are going to make from a capital perspective into the network this year and we continue to push on that 600 MHz footprint. So, as we pointed out, $200 million pops, about a million square miles. We can readily take that number up 30%, 40% in 2020. So, that footprint is going to expand materially. A lot of that reach will expand into a broader swath of the US including rural and we have a plan to go do it. It's great benefit for us. We're spreading out 600 MHz. We're getting more 5G footprint and we're adding capacity into the network. So, it's a great win for us on all dimensions. And the plan this year is all about continuing the march that we started in 2019.  And I love that because I want AT&T and Verizon to be chasing my tail on nationwide 5G and what we do in 2020 for the next few years. If they get to nationwide this year, we're going to be past them. So, that's not where the line is drawn for us. We will continue to expand the reach of that network and we funded and very capable to do it.
Neville Ray: Well, it's in the radio software, Walt. So, that's the primary area of concern right now. So, the radio vendors that supply the infrastructure will be put up on our towers, that's where the problem sits in the software there. And we're seeing as we learn more that, as you deploy DSS, it kind of eats away on the net capacity of the shared radio. And if you rush into that now, some of the early roll-outs and workarounds and pieces that we've seen are pretty corrosive and they would suck up capacity just by rolling out the feature. So, the benefit you might gain outside of saying, I've got some 5G out there, the capacity loss could be pretty brutal. What we've been working pushing on this feature, we were one of the first in the industry to drive this. So, I'm not being super negative about it. I'm just saying it's got challenges. And for Verizon, it's a big challenge.  I think you more than anybody have highlighted some of the spectrum and capacity challenges that Verizon has. I think that was a great piece you put out. And DSS is not going to materially help them. It's just going to enable them to put something out there, so they can talk about 5G coverage because, let's be honest, they have nothing on millimeter wave in terms of 5G coverage. They need something. So we'll see.
Mike Sievert: Can I say one more thing, Phil, while we're on this topic. You're bringing together two interesting topics – network and promotional intensity. And I want to point out one thing, which is these results that we announced for Q4, a million postpaid phone net adds, leading the industry significantly, again, we're in an environment where what we were talking about with all that competitive intensity out there was these topics that Neville just talked about. We were talking about the network, much to the credit of Matt and Janice and their marketing and communications teams. We spent a higher percentage of our dollars and our energy on network than I can remember. And yet, delivered in-quarter results in a promotionally intensive period when we weren't talking about the other topics, the promotional topics as much. We're laying a foundation and telling people about this differentiation that we have and the fact that we've caught up with the competition on network and are poised to spring ahead of them in 5G. So, that's very exciting.
Mike Sievert: Yeah. They seem to be duking it out. Over this journey of seven years, we've seen every circumstance of competitive intensity. And I will say Q4 and Q3, to a certain extent, these were highly competitive periods. And you see, as John says, Verizon responding to cable, cable responding to Verizon, you see the prepaid kind of floundering except T-Mobile's where we grew yet again. And what's interesting is, while there have been changes over there, there haven't been changes over here. And we've been saying pretty consistently that our model flexes for more competitive periods than less competitive. In a less competitive period, you have falling churn. And we lead the pack in falling churn. In fact, even in this competitive period, we had the best year-over-year churn performance relative to our prior year.  But when it's more competitive and switching picks up, that's an opportunity for us because we have more jump balls to go after. So, we don't hear competition. You saw Verizon posting at great expense to their EBITDA, by the way, some of the best growth numbers that we've seen from them in years on customers. And yet, our numbers were as good as ever. So, it's not coming from our side, but they're all duking it out over there. I'm curious about Verizon's approach. They've definitely got the pedal down on growth and they're spending a lot of money to get there and missing expectations on EBITDA, all while loading up a network that's out of capacity. To us, that's fascinating. Love to see what becomes of all that. But one thing you should take some assurance of, it's not coming from us and doesn't affect our approach really much at all.
Mike Sievert: It's another learning. There's the churn for cable companies and then there's the consequences of Pogo Palooza [ph] that I think will have to figure out what happens in the market. Verizon definitely led the way with Pogo. Some of the rest of the industry responded. We do those promotion sometimes. But over the years, we've learned through a variety of different things that we do, what kinds of promotions cause sticky customers that last, that are real and fundamental and what kind are kind of round trippers. And a lot of this stuff that we see happening led by Verizon and the Pogo Palooza does raise real questions as to how real are those added customers, how long will they be around, will there be a bounce back phenomenon, if some of the "market growth" on the postpaid side of the equation really just that artifact. And those are unknowns. But, again, it doesn't affect our strategy. We've been down some of those roads in our past and we're very focused on what we're doing, which is taking legitimate share from AT&T and Verizon.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Simon, on that customer front, you're going to see a continuation. And by the way, the strategy that we've been outlaying for you is really working well. You didn't mention it, but T-Mobile for Business is firing on all cylinders. We saw the biggest quarter in our history in the enterprise segment. And there's been a change too in how enterprises are engaging with us. First, it was small and medium where we had a right to win. Then we started a couple of years ago wedging into enterprise discussions. But, honestly, our role was more as a price cut. We were getting a little piece of enterprise business in exchange for offers that really police their main contracts with AT&T and Verizon. Suddenly, over the past year, and particularly the past couple quarters, there's been a change. We shared a couple of the numbers with you in our remarks. Big enterprises, strategic engagements out of the corner office, are partnering with us across the enterprise. And that's really exciting for us. It's a testament to the network progress that we've made and the solutions that we've developed and our team's tenacity at working our way into more strategic relationships. That's something we're very excited about. You mentioned suburban and rural growth. Obviously, very important. Over 55, military continues to contribute. So, these adjacencies, if you will, have been part of the strategy now very clearly for over a year-and-a-half. And one of the reasons why we have a business that's able to deliver a million postpaid phone nets in an environment where some of the competitors like cable and Verizon are duking it out with each other, we're able to generate more growth than their past. And it shows the resiliency of our model. So, thanks for asking that.
Mike Sievert: Distribution is pretty simple. Right now, we have distribution convenient to about 265 million people. We told you that number before. That's up from 230 million a couple of years ago. So, we've seen a nice expansion. And so, obviously, there is more opportunity. There's a big difference between 265 million and 327 million, which is our current network coverage. We don't have an announcement today about an expansion plan, but I would tell you just from a color standpoint, I wouldn't expect a big distribution expansion. What I might forecast is a realignment into more suburban areas and greenfield areas in small town and rural. There may be parts of this country where we are over-distributed. There is certainly an opportunity for us to go after continued expansion and making our distribution convenient to more and more Americans. And so, when we're ready to talk to you about that, we'll have some more facts.
Mike Sievert: You're right, Walt. That's a disappointment. You're saying the last big question for John is going to be about DSS.
