Jud Henry: Welcome to T-Mobile's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor back book and other documents related to our results, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and the non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations website. With that, let me turn it over to Mike.
Jud Henry: We've got a question from Roger Entner on how strong was the business growth this quarter. Maybe we can and tee that one up. And then we've got a follow-on question around enterprise sector as well so we can hit those.
Jud Henry: It looks like we're right at time. So I appreciate everybody joining us today. If you have any further questions, please reach out to either Investor Relations or the media relations department. Again, we look forward to talking to you again soon. Thank you.
Mike Sievert: That sounds great. Thanks, Brett. I'll start and then maybe hand it to Peter for some comments. The way I think about it is, we're buying at a pace through -- mostly through predesigned 10b5-1 programs in order to be able to meet the authorization during the time frame of the authorization. So if you recall, the initial authorization of this program is a $14 billion program that takes us through September. And if you look at some of our activity early in the year where we were able to grab some additional run rate. Now the remaining funds relative to the remaining time suggests a run rate where we have it. So it's not really a downtick so much as just kind of a programmatic view. And then -- and maybe Peter can pile in on the second part. The way we think about it broadly is that there's essentially been no underlying change to the thesis we've been communicating all along. Now our Board hasn't made a determination yet about the second step, but the inputs to those steps have to do with the free cash flow development of this company, which, as you mentioned in the premise of your question is right on track. We're guiding to 75% year-over-year cash flow growth this year. And the underpinnings of the growth in the business, as you saw from our fantastic Q2 momentum suggests another good year in '24. And so -- as the cash flow develops, that's what gives us the confidence that, that original thesis of around $60 billion through 2025 is intact. But maybe you can also comment, Peter, on kind of how we think about this from a dedication of resources to this versus spectrum and other things as Brett asked.
Mike Sievert: Sure. Well, the first thing I would point out is that any proceeds from that have not been contemplated in the long-range cash planning. So if there's cash that comes from that soon, that be incremental to the planning expectations. We're still awaiting DISH's decision. So just as an update, and I think our filings made some of this clear. The deadline has come and gone for them to determine whether or not they would exercise their privilege to buy that spectrum for $3.6 billion. But they asked for some additional time of the DOJ and we did not object to that. And so we have committed that we would not terminate their agreement and right to do that at any time before August 11. But in fact, we’re in discussions with DISH about whether or not there might be a win-win that’s different from their initial privilege. And if there is that would be wonderful. But obviously, that deadline is coming. So – but our view was it was worth taking the extra time, especially since they asked for it in case there’s a bigger win-win to be had here.
Mike Sievert: Sounds great. Well, I'll tackle the first one and then maybe hand to Mike Katz for the second one. And I don't mean to be flip, Craig, but I think you've been following us for so long. You know we've never met spectrum, we didn't like. And so of course. And -- but one thing that distinguishes us from other providers is that when we get our hands on spectrum, we put it to work right away for the benefit of the American consumer. And so -- that's not only in the public interest, but that's in the interest of T-Mobile and our customers. And so you see that in how we're deploying so ambitiously the 2.5 gigahertz that are the proceeds of the merger, having built the best 5G network in history on that spectrum acquisition that came through the merger. So look, I mean, we're always on the hunt for other ways to add capacity to our network because it allows us to do amazing things like not only continue to take share and grow and meet ever rising needs of customers on their smartphones, but also to get after the subject of your second question, which is fixed wireless access. And -- to the first part of your second question, nothing has changed in our aspiration. We're still on the hunt for that single-digit penetration. And maybe Mike could comment about what we're seeing in the marketplace and the rate and pace of our growth versus our expectations.
Mike Sievert: Back to my comments, upfront, I said things have been remarkably consistent with what we rolled out to you at our Analyst Day in '21. This is one of those things. We said we saw a potential here of 7 million to 8 million subscribers based on the excess capacity profile of our built mobile network. That means it’s not capital burdened. And because of that, we can make profit there. And so it plays a role. It’s a single-digit penetration role, and we’re on our way to going and seizing it for the benefit of our shareholders and our customers and it’s right on track.
Mike Sievert: Yeah, Jonathan. You're spot on in the premise of the question that looking at the aging of the base is the way to get at it. We'll come to Mike on that in a minute. But first, on upgrades, historically low upgrades, Peter, what's contemplated for the rest of the year and maybe a little commentary on why do we think we're seeing that.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Terrific. And maybe, Jud, tell us when it’s time to go to Twitter. So we’re not ignoring the people coming in on Twitter because we always do some of that as well. And – but while you’re thinking about it, we’ll go operator to one more online.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Great. So Roger Entner asked how strong was business growth this quarter. Can you talk about the VA? And any additional color on overall business growth. We also have Chetan Sharma (ph) coming in. Congrats on another great quarter. Thank you. I was wondering if you could provide some color on traction you're seeing in the enterprise sector beyond connectivity. What about vertical industries, people using 5G, 5G advanced services, et cetera. So maybe, Callie, why don't you start on both of those and anybody else can jump in.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Great. I'm going to let Peter answer the second CapEx question. The first one is really interesting. The answer to the question is yes and yes. Both are true. So yes, our port ratios are improving each and every month since we launched Phone Freedom against each and every competitor, including cable overall and cable individually. And that's a really interesting fact that it shows that not only are people starting to discover our network advantages, which has sort of been a slow improvement over the last 1.5 years. But we have really sparked intrigue with consumers around this idea that we can free them from being trapped with the other guys. And cable in some ways, actually is helpful in that in a dynamic competitive industry, more people are jump balls. And more people are saying, should I be with one of those two look like kind of old line providers? Or should I be with somebody new? And when they get asked that question, they are picking cable by and large. They're picking T-Mobile, as you saw we had the industry-leading postpaid phone net additions. Now what is happening is cable is growing very rapidly and faster than I think a lot of people expected. But specifically to your premise of your question, our port ratios with cable have been improving for year-over-year for nine quarters in a row. And what you see is that the big step forward they started to take in Q4, according to our analysis, about 80% of the year-over-year increment in their performance from the same period a year ago, Q4, Q1 and Q2 is from non-ports. So they're actually not growing the porting side of their business at the same rate as the non-porting side of their business, instead kind of printing postpaid ads. They might be coming over from prepaid. They might be just simply net new. They might be kind of dropped in the bag. I don't really know. There's probably several different factors to it. And we just -- we don't know quite how to unpack it because we don't have all the information. I mean, we double-click into things like Verizon's wholesale revenue and note that it's not growing. That's sort of an interesting diagnostic for us that helps us understand what might be happening. So anyway, hopefully, that helps it. Our industry-leading account growth of 299,000 shows that T-Mobile is winning the switching decisions in high-quality prime paying families, the kind everybody is going for.
Mike Sievert: On speaking of a lean network performance machine, I think it would be a good time to just stop and take note of what's been delivered with this incredibly capital-efficient profile that you're asking about. Ulf and team, you guys deserve incredible credit. We've now reached 285 million people with ultra-capacity 5G. This is something that neither of our competitors -- principal competitors have promised to ever do, certainly not in the next two years. And so we've been talking about this idea of being two or more years ahead in the 5G race. But if anything, it's expanding. Maybe you could share a few of the statistics of kind of where we are and also a little shadowing of where we're going.
Mike Sievert: Well, let's start with the millimeter wave question and we can come back to the coverage on fixed wireless. I can touch on that one.
Mike Sievert: And that kind of bridges to your second question. Maybe this is a good time to remind everybody how our capacity model works for fixed wireless access. Essentially, right now, we serve about the potential of about 50 million homes, but they're not in certain geographies. They're geographically dispersed all over the U.S. because the way our model works is we're selling excess capacity sector by sector. And so what we do is study every sector from every tower in our network and determine what amount of normative smartphone usage will there be over the next several years. And in areas where there's still excess capacity, we today approve applicants for home Internet use. And right now, there's about 50 million home addresses, where if you were to go into our tool and apply to be our customer, we'd say, yes, out of the 145 million in the country. But what's interesting is if you and several of your neighbors all did the same, the end person would get a no because it's a dynamic model. What we're selling is excess capacity. And because of that, what we -- our modeling shows us that we will get to, as we said at the very beginning, about 7 million or 8 million households with this excess capacity model that's not burdened by capital. And since it's not burdened by capital with an already built mobile network that you need for great coverage and competitiveness, we're able to profitably build this business at very low prices. It's just a win-win for a sort of single-digit penetration part of the market. Now to the premise of your question and what Ulf was getting into, of course, we're studying whether there are ways to go beyond that initial excess capacity capital free model, capital-free ish model. And we haven't drawn any conclusions about that yet. I mean, we're looking hard at millimeter wave. We're looking at whether or not dedicating mid-band spectrum to HSI would make sense, whether they're nonstandard-based solutions. And we just haven't drawn any conclusions. It's not immediately obvious that there are economic ways to grow this business beyond its initial single-digit penetration. But you may see us doing trials in the marketplace as we experiment with this and try to crack the code. And so you'll hear about us trying millimeter wave things or MDU strategies or non-standards-based solutions to see if there's a way to get after it. And you see us trialing fiber, whether or not there's a way for our team, our distribution, our brand to add value in the fiber ecosystem and I've made mention of that before. All these things are things we're doing to try to learn. And the good news is we've got some time because we'll hit this kind of initial terminal sizing of HSI, still we've got two more years to run. So our heads are down seeing if there's a way to crack the code on this.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Let's start with the second one on Go5G and where is ARPU going and ARPA and all that stuff. Peter, we can start with you.
Mike Sievert: Well said. Okay. And your last question was about HIS pricing. I’ll just answer it briefly. I don’t normally give sort of forward-looking commentary on pricing. So I’ll answer it this way instead, which is do we see ARPU and are we interested in ARPU enhancement for HIS. And the answer is yes, of course. But generally, when you look at our track record, our philosophy in the past as to how to get about that isn’t to jack up people’s prices, is to add value to their life, bring new services, show them increased offers and let themselves select their way up. And obviously, we’re interested in that in this space.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Great, Michael. Well, let's talk about where we are on synergies this year and what's left to be done. I mean on the what's left to be done front, not much the major milestones are behind us, but that doesn't mean the synergy run rates are quite there yet. So maybe you can comment on that dynamic, Peter.
Mike Sievert: Yeah, absolutely. And it kind of goes to the premise of your follow-on question, your initial follow-on question, Michael. I mean, obviously, across consumer markets generally, customers want a transaction that's fast, transparent, simple and mostly digital. And our industry has been very stubborn on that front, mostly due to the complexity of the offers across all the providers. And so that's something that we're very focused on. And I know everybody in the industry is. Our digital capabilities are rapidly improving, especially as it relates to self-service for our customers. It's incredible what's going on left to right in our company as to how we're already applying AI technologies and machine learning to speed things up, serve customers in a better way. And we can get into some examples around that. But because of emerging technologies, there's a lot of potential over the coming years to not only meet customers where they are finally in this industry because we've been kind of slow in this industry due to the complexity of our offers, but also to potentially realize some efficiencies over time. And that's a good thing because the cost of competition is high. And as you've seen over the last few years, it's gone up. And so it's all about us seizing opportunities to be able to continue this formula that works so well. And for us to continue to do what we do with this flywheel of success, we can't sit on our hands. We have to be able to seize new opportunities, not necessarily to outperform the promises we made you. Those promises were really high, fall some promises, but in some cases, to achieve them in light of what we have seen in the past, which is some increased cost of competition. So at the end of the day, it’s great for consumers.
Mike Sievert: On the consumer piece, I kind of agree and what people want is a really strong, powerful signal everywhere they go. That's what they want. And 5G is a means for us to get that better than anyone else. Whether or not they give us credit that the thing that got them that was 5G, I really don't care. But we have the highest performing network with incredible reach of the high-performing parts of our network, 5G than anybody else. Like by far, like twice the land mass covered of ultra-capacity 5G than our next closest competitor and rapidly expanding, as Ulf explained. And you're right, they don't really give 5G credit for that. But what they want, make no mistake, is a very powerful signal everywhere they go because they're watching video more than ever, they're glued to their TikTok and their Instagram stories and their sports and their YouTube and their videos and their zooms and they don't want buffering. They want that signal with no latency and no buffering and no jitter and that's the power of 5G, whether they give it credit or not. On the Business side, I'll say the short version, which is we don't really know. I mean whether -- to your question, literally material means something in our company, and that's big. We're a big company. We don't know when it will be bigger than a bread basket, but we do know that we're best positioned to capture it. And as Peter pointed out, back at our Analyst Day, 2-plus years ago, we actually did not, for that reason, factor a lot of revenues in or really any at all from some of these advanced 5G network services. Our strategy was, let's make sure we are best positioned to capture them. And Kelly, I think, very deftly explain some of the things that we're doing in this area with early adopting customers. But when it becomes something that's bigger than a bread basket and really contributes, we don't really know. And because we didn't know, we made you no promises in our long-range plan on it. But I can tell you this promise, as that market develops, we are beautifully positioned to capture it.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Absolutely, Brett. One of the things that we had underpinned at Analyst Day is that it's up to $65 billion of free cash flow that's going to support the $60 billion of potential shareholder remuneration. And within that, we had some room and had reserved some capacity for spectrum purchases and other things. And of course, we'll fundamentally continue throughout this whole period, one to deliver because the underlying delivery of the free cash flow is what allows everything to happen. And, of course, always look at opportunities before us for the highest value creation opportunity. With your question on C-band, that was already included in our assumption here. So when we continue to say, we have optimism around the program in totality, C-band is fully contemplated within that.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Well, let me start with why do we think we're seeing that. And fundamentally, we believe we're meeting customers' needs and desires. And if you look at what we've talked about from a network perspective and a value perspective, it makes a lot of sense. You come onto this network and you have a 5G device. Remember about two-thirds of our postpaid base already has a 5G device. And they get experience on this network that is just phenomenal in the broadest sense of the word, much more than the competitive sense can bring. And we think we're just meeting their natural demand. Customers are happy with their devices. They're happy with their devices from a longer perspective, Remember, we continue to have two-year financing constructs, so they have the ability to upgrade earlier than the competition, one of the unlocks of Phone Freedom that we put out there that led to the port ratio changes. So fundamentally, we think we're exactly meeting what customers need. In regards to the second half, the second half always tends to have slightly higher upgrade rates. And you mentioned that you have new product introduction from Apple. You tend to have promotional constructs and a little bit higher switching in the second half, and we're typically the beneficiary of that. We also obviously make very, very solid offers to our base from an upgrade perspective. So we do have higher upgrade rates contemplated than what we saw in Q2, but we don't specifically guide to those other than directionally.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Certainly, on the margin question, it's a lot more than an ARPU differential. It's really some structural differences that we always call out. For example, the whole leased versus own the backhaul strategy. The other thing that'll always note is that with this significant higher switching that we see and the net add production that we're giving, obviously, we have more S in SG&A than the competition does. We have a very dense network built out. So there's fundamental some structural differences that also mean there's a CapEx OpEx differential and when you compare AT&T and Verizon and us. And that's why it's always important to fundamentally look at conversion of service revenue into free cash flow. Free cash flow is the value generation engine that allows you to further invest, return capital to shareholders or do all sorts of other things to create value. And that is the measure by which we're really comparing ourselves to the competition to get rid of all the structural noise. And on that regard, you heard what we announced today already there from a year-to-date basis in terms of beating them on the conversion ratio when next year anticipated to expand that ratio further. So that's how I think about margins.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. And on CapEx, Phil, the way I think about next year, although we're not specifically guiding is we're still comfortable in the 9 to 10 range that we gave out. Remember, I wouldn't take Q4 as a jumping-off point because really, the way Ulf and team have built this is a very lean manufacturing approach to the build one of the secrets to our capital efficiency there. And so it isn't that I take a run rate and an exit run rate and projected, but $9 billion to $10 billion feels about right for next year at this point in time.
Peter Osvaldik: And of course, any of the things we do there that we just talked about, a capital burden model or something with fiber or all things that would have to be accretive to our Analyst Day guidance that we put out there.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah, absolutely. I'll let John comment on the success of Go5GPlus. But as I always say, when we think about ARPU and you saw a sequential increase of about $0.20. And we continue to believe on a year-to-year basis, ARPU will be generally stable. There's probably some potential for sequential increase again from Q2 to Q3. And since it is such a mix-driven metric, and you have to put everything into it, whether we're talking about all the benefits we see from Go5GPlus whether we talk about the benefits we see from a segmented approach, whether it's military, 55 plus and how those might be lower ARPU customers than the average that we see but are high CLV customers coming in very high-quality customers. Similarly, in Business. Business, you tend to get enterprise, government, large accounts that have very, very great CLVs but would have, given the nature of the volume purchasing, lower ARPU. So all of that blends into ARPU that we see is generally stable. But it's the ARPA strategy that we have. It's the switching attracting accounts into T-Mobile and then the land and expand ARPA strategy, which you just saw an exciting update to the guide from plus 1% to slightly over 1% on a year-over-year basis there. And that's really the focus point for us. But -- the question on Go5GPlus, and then I hand it to John for a moment because it's been a phenomenal success.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, exactly. A few things in there. Of course, we said we have a small tail of customers to still get over and that will allow the final decommissioning of systems and things to that, whether it's front office, back office, those are the things that are kind of left to do. Certainly, from a cost perspective, there's a little bit in terms of physical decom while the sites are shut off, there's still physical decom happening. And on the synergy development, as we get from $7.5 billion to the $8 billion next year, really, the big chunk of that is avoided costs. So we'll realize the vast majority of the run rate synergies by the end of this year, which you'd naturally expect given we're saying we're substantially done. And then the shift to next year will be fundamentally those avoided site build costs.
