Jud Henry: All right. Welcome to T-Mobile's third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO, as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor fact book, and other documents related to our results, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the quarterly results section of the investor relations website. With that said, let me kick it over to Mike.
Jud Henry: All right, let's get to your questions. You can ask a question via phone by pressing one followed by four or via XTwitter by sending a tweet to @T-MobileIR or at Mike Sievert using #TMUS. We'll start with a question on the phone. Operator, first question please.
Jud Henry: All right. Yes, lots of congratulatory on social on 300 million. So great job, Ulf. All right, operator, let's take our last question from the phone.
Jud Henry: All right. That's a good place to wrap up. All right. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Really appreciate all your support. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to both the Investor Relations or the media relations department. Again, thanks again for joining us today.
Peter Osvaldik: All right. Thanks, Mike. Our ongoing delivery of best-in-class customer and financial growth quarter after quarter enables us to increase our guidance once again. So let's jump into the details. We now expect total postpaid net customer additions to be between 5.7 million and 5.9 million, up 50,000 at the midpoint. This reflects continued progress across all our core growth initiatives, partially offset by the deactivation of lower ARPU postpaid other data devices in the education sector, the largest of which arose during Q3. As you know, our ability to uniquely solve customer pain points led to significant connection growth in the educational sector during the pandemic, supporting the rapid need for remote learning solutions. As things are increasingly returning to normal, we had anticipated many of these connections to roll off in 2023 and do not expect the deactivation of these educational connections to have any material impact to service revenue looking forward. Included in the 5.7 million to 5.9 million is our expectation of approximately 3 million postpaid phone net additions for the full year. Our focus on profitable growth allows us to fund those higher postpaid phone net ads and still increase our core adjusted EBITDA expectation, which we now expect to be between $29 billion and $29.2 billion. This is up over 10% year-over-year at the midpoint, fueled by higher service revenues and synergies, and excludes leasing revenues of approximately $300 million as we transition substantially all remaining customers off device leasing by year end. Our merger synergies are expected to be approximately $7.5 billion in 2023, achieving the full run rate synergy target provided at our Analyst Day a year ahead of schedule as we build towards the full run rate synergies of $8 billion in 2024. Now with the merger integration now substantially behind us, we will discontinue reporting synergies separately from overall business results going forward. We continue to expect merger-related costs, which are not included in adjusted or core adjusted EBITDA, to be approximately $1 billion before taxes. And we now expect cash merger related costs of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion for 2023 as they have under run the P&L recognition to date. Net cash provided by operating activities which include payments for merger related costs are now expected to be in the range of $18.3 billion to $18.5 billion. We now expect cash CapEx to be between $9.6 billion and $9.8 billion, delivering our network milestones ahead of schedule at a capital efficiency unmatched in our industry. The higher operating cash flows not only fund the increased CapEx, but also allow for a slight increase to free cash flow, now expected to be between $13.4 billion to $13.6 billion, which includes payments for merger-related costs. Not only is this up approximately 75% over last year, thanks to our margin expansion and capital efficiency, but also represents a free cash flow to service revenue margin, which is multiple percentage points higher than peers with further expansion expected next year. Consistent with the entire year, the updated free cash flow guidance does not assume any material net cash inflows from securitization. Turning to income taxes, we continue to expect our full year effective tax rate to be between 24% and 26%. And finally, we continue to expect full year postpaid ARPA to increase slightly more than 1% as we continue to expand our account relationships as part of our land and expand account strategy to grow service revenue. In closing, our differentiated and profitable growth strategy continues to deliver industry-leading growth and service revenue, core adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow along with the highest free cash flow conversion in the industry to unlock shareholder value. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Jud to begin the Q&A.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, exactly. [Multiple Speakers] Yes, so I got up too early to roll out 2024 guidance, that's for sure. But in your question of workforce transformation. Look, I think Mike touched upon it at the beginning, and you saw us comment around this before. This is really about a tough set of actions, but as we got through the balance of the integration, we had to make some changes. That's what this team does. It looks around corners and it says, we need to make sure we create clarity in the operating of this organization, bring that entrepreneurial spirit back and make sure that we're looking at what are the headwinds and what are the tailwinds. As we think about what we laid out at Analyst Day, which seems like so long ago with respect to 2024 and what we were going to do there. A lot in the world has changed, but it's a set of all of these tailwinds and actions that we've created that still gives us confidence that we think, certainly from a core EBITDA perspective, again, I'm not going to roll out all the 2024 guidance, but we're going to come right in there in the middle of the range. And these are the kind of actions that are necessary to create that opportunity and keep bringing the ability to invest in customers and the network and the business as we are.
Peter Osvaldik: And then Phil with regards to the [indiscernible] crack at OpEx. So again, the actions that we took really ways for us to create tailwind and further fuel the growth of the company. And so I'm not giving specific line item, OpEx guides, all of those actions were then contemplated in the updated guide for 2023 that we gave, and again, kind of the teaser we just gave about 2024 and core EBITDA there.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, and I would just add, Bill, to that question. I think I had expect the same dynamic to play out in Q4. That same meeting consumer demand exactly as it is. That same dynamic of because of the 5G device penetration and how the lived experience on those network actually exists for those customers. I feel equipment revenue, which as you know, isn't the value-creating element of the company, that's service revenue, that will continue to have industry-leading growth. On the equipment revenue side, I'd expect it to be in the same kind of low $3 billion range for Q4 as a result of that dynamic.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And you kind of asked it in the context of workforce transformation. There's no broad plans to do any more of that in 2024. But on transformation and efficiency, absolutely and how we'll grow core EBITDA and continue to expand that. Two elements there. One, as you know, we made significant investments in the last couple of years, whether it's in network and the pull forward that we did there, that now we're able to leverage. Similarly, in smaller markets and rural areas where you had distribution expansion and that investment is things that you can now leverage. And beyond that, of course, I mean, that's one thing this team does phenomenally well is looking at how do you harness the latest technologies? How are you really looking around corners to create the efficiency so that we can have that reinvestment into customer acquisition and profitability. So there's more of that on the runway ahead of us for sure.
Peter Osvaldik: Very wisely, as he always does. Yes. You're right, Mike. Q3 was kind of a unique phenomenon, which is why we gave more specific guidance as to the subset of the overall that will be postpaid phone, the approximately $3 million total for the year. And that's because Q3 in and of itself is kind of that period where we anticipated more of these educational deacts to come through and they did. So I wouldn't read through Q3's mix of phone to other, but really take it in the context of what we gave with regards to the $3 million overall for the year. And turning into everybody's teasing out 2024 guidance from me. But as we hand it over to Ulf to talk about how the investments have been made and how the shift is really into this customer-driven coverage, very data-driven, informed build to make sure that we're focused on where the best ROI is, where the best customer experience benefits will come, we've seen a lot of benefit from that. The way we're able to deliver you just saw with 300 million POPs delivered and yet we are the most capital-efficient company in the industry. And so when you turn to 2024, we continue to believe that that's really the mechanism that's going to drive capital investment, particularly with regards to the network. And so, I could see us maybe -- we gave a 9 to 10 as a range for 2024 previously. I could see us probably being on the lower end of that. We'll see what transpires in the longer term. But that's kind of the early read on where we think 2024 could land.
Mike Sievert: Okay, John. Let's start with Jon Freier who maybe can give a little color on what we're seeing in smaller markets and rural areas. As you heard in my prepared remarks, this is a huge milestone, because T-Mobile achieved leadership in share of switchers for the first time ever across the entirety of what we call smaller markets and rural areas, which is about 40% of the country.
Mike Sievert: I was kind of kidding, but you did roll out the guidance. Okay. That's pretty good. It is remarkable that we did this Analyst Day years ago, I think, early in 2021 and laid out several years of expectations. And as we sit here today, knocking on 2024, we're able to outlook a year next year that looks just like we had anticipated, right down the middle. And that's something that I'm particularly proud of, given that it's not at all like we thought. I mean, it's really different than we thought. And yet we make course corrections as we go to keep the promises that we made to you front and center, a vibrant growing business, developing EBITDA and cashflow, and doing breakthrough things for customers and businesses. And that's what's happening. So we couldn't be more excited about next year. Operator, next question.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Thanks, Simon. Well, nothing's changed in terms of our philosophy and approach as it relates to broadband. And just to take you back, what we had said still holds, which is, we are conducting all kinds of experiments in the space, including observing our national performance in 5G home broadband, which, if anything, that performance and the resonance of our brand and our team's ability to execute in the space, along with the trials that we're doing in fiber, only bolster our confidence that our brand and our team belong in this market. But nothing has changed in terms of our philosophy. We like this business model, and to the extent we make investments or partnerships in the area, our view is, it should be capital light, generally off balance sheet, et cetera. Speculation, I know is out there. I can't clarify we're not the partner to [JANA] (ph) in the transaction that was rumored a couple weeks ago. Although we remain interested in partnerships like the kinds we have rolled out pilots around and other constructs that are generally capital light, generally off balance sheet. And that's for a reason. We're performing really well and demonstrating through our tests as well as our broad scale performance in 5G home broadband that our brand and our team belong in this space and we can create value. As it relates to new ways to do wireless broadband, you said it at the very end there, and I mentioned in my remarks, Ulf and team, now that they've reached 300 million people with mid-band Ultra Capacity 5G are now setting about the task of deploying all of our spectrum resources to that base. And we're only just beginning. We have the bulk of our 2.5 GHz now rolling out. But our target is to be at 200 megahertz around the end of this year deployed against the 300 million people. And then more room to run next year, because as I said, we have Auction 108 proceeds still pending, we have C-band that we haven't deployed, 3.45, as well as refarming potential from spectrum being used for LTE right now, like AWS. And so lots of room to run as it relates to pouring new capacity into this network. And that means, we right now at a broad scale are not looking at alternatives to that from a wireless standpoint. We use millimeter wave pretty strategically in very dense places and so far that's a great use for it. I will say, as we said last time, so no change, that we remain open minded to whether there are techniques that would allow us to deploy capital specifically for 5G broadband and make a great return for you. But so far, we haven't drawn any conclusions that that's a scalable opportunity for us.
Mike Sievert: Yeah, and specifically on ARPU, we said in our prepared remarks, it's somewhat lower than consumer, but highly accretive from a CLV and value creation standpoint. So these are great customers. We are finding, as Callie said, that enterprises are not picking us because we're the lowest price, although we compete ambitiously on price. They're picking us because of the solutions that Callie's team has brought to the market. And that's very helpful from a value creation standpoint for us. So we continually look at the customer lifetime value, net of all the costs to serve these customers, and find that enterprise customers are highly attractive, and therefore contributing to our financial results. And that's why Peter always warns you, ARPU is a mix-driven metric. And we're not solving for it, we're solving for value creation and return on our effort and investment and enterprise is a great place to put our effort and investment.
Mike Sievert: Yes, of course, Craig. And by the way, that was sort of not very accurately reported. So let me just kind of clear it up. As you guys know, because you follow us so closely, more so than the press. We tend to do tests and pilots of things quite a bit to try to figure out what's the right answer. In this case, we had a test cell to try to understand customer interest in and acceptance of migrating off old legacy rate plans to something that's higher value for them and for us. And we had planned to test and did some training around that. And then it leaked. And it leaked as if it was a broad national thing. And it kind of wasn't. Now, I don't know that we still have to do that test cell, because to your point, we did get plenty of feedback, thanks to the erroneous context of the leak. And I think we've learned that particular test cell isn't something that our customers are going to love. Now, exactly none have rolled out. So even to your question that we recently rolled out, we didn't. We had planned it -- we had planned it as a test cell, and then we aren't doing it. Because I think we got plenty of feedback. But maybe Mike, you can talk about our philosophy on pricing, things we're interested in, what we're hearing from customers, and also what we're seeing with Go 5G Plus and Next.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Although that particular test cell doesn't need to be executed now we remain very interested in rationalizing our legacy rate plans for IT purposes, simplification purposes, revenue realization purposes, customer satisfaction and retention purposes. So we're going to stay at it, but that particular idea will probably do something different. Good, okay.
Mike Sievert: Yes, absolutely. In fact, I'll give a broader picture, rate plan and device promotions, which have become a big part of the competitive milieu over the last couple of years. It's intense. It's really competitive. And it's pretty consistent too. I mean, I think it's been consistently competitive all year. And you saw we delivered an incredible Q2 and Q3 in that context. Some of the best performance in our history, the lowest churn ever for a Q2 and for a Q3 in our history. We continue to lead in postpaid net additions and delivered EBITDA performance and outlooks on EBITDA that show that we're monetizing that growth as well. So we're really comfortable in this competitive dynamic and it's stable and consistent. So that's what's going on out there. It's intense. We like it that way. And, I would say, we're entering typically very intense seasonal period around the holidays, and I expect it to be a slog out there just like it is every year.
Mike Sievert: Yes, I'd love to take credit for that. I think a lot of it's just the math of the aging of our base. So this product was great when we launched it. And that's because we had made sure it would be great before we took it national. And so, it's generally been pretty consistent. One of the ways you can look at that is the net promoter scores, which have been pretty consistent.
Mike Sievert: Well, it's a great question. For me, in the wireless space, you have this national competitive intensity where brand trust around this intangible value and network is really, really important. And we have so carefully built that brand trust over so many years that we think it's somewhat transferable. People believe in this brand, being an advocate for them, putting them first, changing the rules in their favor. And in wireless, there's a big intangible on network, which is, you can't really buy three phones and then travel the whole country. There are services that do that, and people make advertising claims based on what those services find, but people don't believe all that stuff. So it really comes down to their own lived experience and the covenant -- sort of the contact and the connection they have with the brand that they use. And what we're finding in our work is that, that brand is highly transferable into adjacent spaces because of that trust. And so, we're interested in the space. We're finding that our brand really resonates, but we're not interested in changing who we are from sort of a capital structure standpoint. And that's why we've talked about fiber the way we have.
Mike Sievert: So that gives you a sense of how rapidly this is changing in terms of how we're deploying capacity. It sits in the high 150s now. It's on its way to 200 around the end of the year against Ultra Capacity 5G. And that's before broad deployments of C-band, 3.45, most of the Auction 108 proceeds, which we don't have yet, and ongoing refarming from LTE. So lots of room to run.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And net adds have been relatively consistent. I mean, I know it was in the high 500s this time. Every quarter will be a little different. But I would say net adds have been pretty consistent.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Well, let's start with Jon and maybe talk about what we're seeing out there in the consumer space with upgrades and what's driving that.
Mike Sievert: It's been a nice tailwind for us to see these upgrade rates so low and yet our churn so low at the same time. And it really speaks to the everyday experience that T-Mobile customers are having on the most advanced 5G network. And they just don't feel as compelled to take action because they have a 5G device, and it's working remarkably well. And that trend could continue because, as Jon said it kind of fast, but the newest iPhones take advantage of four-way carrier aggregation on T-Mobile because our network is so far ahead with standalone 5G and core 5G capabilities that are much more advanced. Now the devices are starting to take advantage of those things, which means they're very future-proofed. And so, it's great to be at T-Mobile because these advanced phone features take advantage of advanced network features and may mean that you don't need a new one again as quickly as you might otherwise. For some people, that's what they want. They just want a new one every year. I'm one of those people and T-Mobile reaches that audience as well with our breakthrough plans like Go 5G, Next. So we feel like we're speaking to the right audiences with the right offers here.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Thanks, David. Well, let me comment first on the competitive dynamic. You're right. I mean, we love a dynamic where there are more jump balls, more people who are category and tenders. And let me clarify, though, that devices and upgrade rates are only one input to that. So devices can be a great catalyst for switching carriers, but they're by far not the only one. And so, our job through our offers is to create those moments where people stop and say, hey, maybe I'd be better off. Maybe it's better over there at T-Mobile. And that's something we've consistently done in our Un-carrier moves have always been a technique we've used. This latest one this year, Phone Freedom and all the related offers around it is really resonating with people. We looked into it and found that AT&T, for example, was experiencing really low churn and yet high intentions to switch by their base, and that told us that people felt trapped. And so, we released an offer that was about untrapping them. And that's been the kind of thing the Un-carrier has always done. So we're out there competing ambitiously and it's working as you can see in our industry-leading postpaid phone net additions and other metrics. We are also seeing, mostly due to the aging of the base, as you said, that switching relative to cable has been improving quarter-over-quarter for several quarters in a row. That's good to see. There's no real new dynamic there with cable. They've been pretty consistent since about a year ago, and we expect that to continue. And you can see how well we're competing in a dynamic where cable is out there doing what they do relatively consistently. And then finally, you were asking about transformation and what's going on there and what we see. Do we have room to run? In many ways, we're really just getting started.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And I'll just add one thing. I mean, obviously, we're not the only company that has noticed this, but the technology landscape around us is rapidly changing. And so, that means there's an opportunity for us in our post integration era as we plot the next chapter to think about recrafting our company, taking advantage of the technologies that are now available to us to become much more deeply data informed, much more AI-enabled, much more digital first, those kinds of things. And so we're -- that's taking up a lot of our team's time and attention now to reimagine how can we create a business model that really creates a fantastic experience for each customer individually, but at the same time is more efficient to operate and that's where we have ambitions.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Thank you. And I'm really sorry, your line is really garbled. And so I'm going to paraphrase what I think you're asking, but we really couldn't hear the words. I apologize. I think you're asking about longer term, how do we think about playing in the broadband space. I made comments about wireless over the next year and kind of how we think in the immediate term about fiber, but what do we see as the bigger picture, especially given the finite nature of capacity in the wireless space. And I'd say we haven't taken decisions about that. We are interested in whether or not there are techniques that are capital efficient that could extend the capacity and competitiveness of wireless into the future. And we've not yet cracked the code on that. But our team is working hard on that to see whether there are techniques that would work to do that, and that would be -- that would support a business model where we could make a fair return. So we're hard at work on that. We're hard at work executing our current strategy centered around mid-band spectrum and competing ambitiously towards that high single-digit target that we had talked about. And that seems to be very much on track. And then as we said, we're interested in fiber. And to the premise of your question, fiber is a technology for the decades. And that's not lost on us. We know that fiber will serve households and businesses a long time from now. And we also are rapidly, I think, gaining confidence that our brand and our team belong in the broadband space. That being said, we don't have an interest right now in changing the basic capital structure of this company nor the philosophy of it nor the centricity we have around wireless. And so we're looking for ways that we can, over the next couple of years, continue to learn, continue to expand, bring our brand to fiber through partnerships, through capital-light methods, investments, collaborations, those kinds of things. And they won't all be as small probably as the small pilots we're doing now. We may get after it little more significantly because our confidence is building in the space. And then -- and I know you want a longer-term vision for it, but I think we go do that for a couple of years and get good at it and execute and prove we can give returns and also get through some of that initial capital intensity period and then kind of see where we are. What this team is very focused on is making sure that the efforts that we embark on, on your behalf, deliver a great return back to you. And we're in this phase now in wireless where we're starting to realize the benefits of a disciplined strategy that has balanced growth and profitability so well over the last few years that we are now into a major shareholder return phase. And we think that's a great place to be.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Let's start with the easy one at the end because I think you gave some specific numbers there, Peter. But then if you don't mind, why don't you talk about our capital philosophy for next year, and then I'll hand it to Ulf to talk about how he's going to spend all that money.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And I want to hand it to Ulf and team and Neville before him. We have really built thanks Ulf to your leadership, a really different approach on how to deploy capital. And it is lean, it's efficient, it's planful. And we're realizing real benefits from that right now. And we can see it in all of our diagnostics, how we're getting more for less. And so, I'm just really, really proud of that. And maybe we can talk about what the priorities are for 2024. And as a part of that, we can also hit tech life channel at Tech Life 32, congrats on the 300 million. What's the progress on the new site builds 10-K we had talked about in the merger plan. Will that complete this year? Or will that run into 2024? And tell us about the capital priorities for the network next year.
Mike Sievert: That's fantastic. And I know every company is being asked, how are you taking advantage of emerging AI technologies and it's really exciting that this is one of the areas where our business can benefit because the team has already begun making capital deployment decisions, as Ulf just said, based on an AI analysis of network usage and how it correlates to individual churn and satisfaction patterns at a person-by-person level. It's very exciting stuff. And that, and many other things, including the breadth of our portfolio, lead to a capital efficiency profile. So we'll see. I know Peter teased you, we don't know. It's not time to guide on next year yet. But our hope is that because of that capital efficiency and what we're now seeing, we may be able to accomplish everything we set out to accomplish next year at the lower end of that capital range. So we'll see and we'll give you an updated view as we get into next year.
Mike Sievert: I mean, well, first of all, let's start there. I mean, for some competitors with standalone 5G capabilities, private network are here now. We're just aren't managing it through press release and vaporware. We're just quietly serving customers. Maybe, I don't know if you want to talk about any of those, Callie, that we're doing. There's a lot of exciting examples nationwide. Customers who are benefiting from this today at T-Mobile, and then we'll get to your second question.
Mike Sievert: I mean, it's well timed because CIOs are interested in secure connections more than ever before, and they're interested in saving money, not necessarily on a per smartphone subscription, but broadly in their system of connectivity and our solutions do that. And so it's great to see and obviously an all-time record quarter for enterprise for us. And then you asked about the overall postpaid phone growth rate. And yes, it's turned out to be more resilient than a lot of people predicted. We didn't predict. We told you when you asked us last year that we weren't going to predict the whole category. But overall, postpaid phone growth continues to roll on, although at slightly more modest rates. And there's lots of things driving that. You see enterprises carrying two lines, sometimes on the same phone, sometimes on separate phones. You see postpaid growing at the expense of prepaid. That trend continues, although T-Mobile continues to grow our prepaid base across all types of connections. So we continue to lead in that space. All the donations are coming from someplace else. And then what I called in the past kind of low-calorie net adds that you see principally at some of our competitors, including newer competitors. And thank you for giving me the opportunity to go ahead and pre-announce cable's results for them as I usually do. No, I'm kidding. We do have telemetry that tries to show us all quarter long what's happening with our competitors and I think it's a remarkably consistent trend. So you see intense competition out there, probably not a lot of big surprises. And you saw us perform yet again with a market-leading, very high-quality, mostly prime 850,000 postpaid phone net additions in a quarter where we experienced an all-time record Q3 churn. So just really proud of how we're competing in an ongoing competitive dynamic.
