Mike Sievert: I will start with the first and then, like, get Peter wound up to answer the second one. First of all, I just want to congratulate this whole team and our finance department and Peter, first and foremost, for achieving this major milestone. We have sought to be an investment-grade issuer for many years. It’s been a goal of ours and now we have two of the three rating agencies. I certainly hope to see S&P soon. And that’s just an exciting moment for us and particularly with what has happened this year in the high yield market, it’s particularly important. As we have said all along about the share buybacks, there was no preset designated things that needed to be accomplished before our Board would deliberate on this. But with where high yield markets are right now, clearly, this is a very important milestone. Unfortunately, we don’t have an update for you other than to reiterate what we told you in the past, looking at all of our momentum, our financial performance, we continue to see upwards of $60 billion in share buybacks in 2023, 2024 and 2025 in total with the possibility of beginning sooner, and absolutely, nothing has changed on that front, but we have accomplished some very important milestones toward that end.
Mike Sievert: David, that last point is particularly important to me. As you have seen something from this report, you have seen that we have incredible momentum right now on growth. I mean more postpaid net additions than AT&T and Verizon combined, plus or including 560,000, by and large, high-speed Internet connections and those things cost us money to generate that growth in an in-period basis. So we are anticipating, as you saw in the guide, continued success there. Also, our accounting approach, as Peter has explained in the past, is a little different than our competitors. We take the preponderance of those costs in period rather than racking up millions of dollars on our balance sheet that would come in the form of negative revenue charges later. So those are some of the key things that explain the difference between the increase in synergies and the increase in EBITDA.
Mike Sievert: Simon, one of the things that Neville said, I think, has been under discussed, which is how much spectrum we have against this leading mid-band 5G footprint. There’s a lot of discussion about fact that we have 235 million people covered with mid-band ultra capacity 5G as compared to 70 for AT&T, 135 for Verizon, as they begin their C-band deployments. But what’s really interesting is what Neville said about the depths of spectrum across that 235 on average. He said 110 megahertz of mid-band, plus 30 of low band, 140 dedicated to that 5G layer, and that’s unique and it will be unique for some time to come. And it really allows for the kinds of capacity throughput and performance that we have been talking about on this call. It opens up not just high speed Internet opportunities but really exciting opportunities in the business space that our competitors can issue press releases around, but where we are ready to execute and support businesses right now with advanced network 5G services. So we will talk more about that later. But thanks for your question about that.
Mike Sievert: You bet, Craig. Let me first start by saying, we are a lot further along in this space and in thinking around it and execution around it, then you would probably surmise from our press releases. And I will have Kelly talk about some of what’s going on out there. But we are hesitant to take an early business like this and forecast it forward for you when it’s in its infancy. Our competitors haven’t had much choice about that, and so they have gone ahead and given some big aspirations in this area. But our view is it’s an emerging market and we can achieve what we set out to achieve, generally speaking, in the core business. But that being said, there are exciting things happening, and what’s interesting is this 5G network leadership is getting us conversations with CIOs, CEOs, the coroner office that our company never earned before. We were talking about smartphone plans with the procurement office two years ago and that’s the big difference. And Callie, maybe you can share a little bit of what you are seeing and the kinds of conversations you and your team are having.
Mike Sievert: I am glad you mentioned coverage beyond and all that, too, because not only are there incredible opportunities for us to do deep services for enterprises as they look to create network-as-a-service and outsource some of that thinking to advanced networks like ours, but we are still interested in the core. And coverage beyond was an investment in something that originally put map with enterprises in the first place. Our simple global move in 2013 was our introduction to enterprise. And today, we have launched coverage beyond, which not just doubles down, it multiplies the power of that move by many times so that now business customers and consumers can travel the world and have high speed data, the highest on offer in that country completely included in our most popular plan, not low speed data and it is a breakthrough. So we are very excited about what that portends for our business customers and consumers. Neville, I will give you the last word on this question.
Mike Sievert: Great. Let me start with Peter to talk about the last two questions about the plan and the 20% share, et cetera, and then we will give it back to your earlier questions, Jon.
Mike Sievert: We have been an early adopter of so many techniques and technologies that have allowed us to unlock capabilities for our customers in the network space. And Neville and Ulf and Doel and their teams are constantly chasing new ideas and capacity is one of the centerpieces of our conversations now because of the premise of your question. So it’s a topic we are very interested in. I will tell you that we won’t load customers beyond where we can give them a great experience. And right now, our Net Promoter Scores continue to rise. They are 30 points higher than the competition. They are triple what they are from a provider that our customers are switching from. We just won a major nationwide survey of all ISPs that are scaled, named us the second highest in customer satisfaction in the country and number one was a fiber provider. And so our customers love this product and it’s really important for us and for our brand that we continue to load customers where we know we can serve them well. And but, hopefully, that gives you some color on where we stand.
Mike Sievert: Yeah. Maybe we start with Mike on this one. I will say, what’s going on in the market is very different from what you saw from our competitors some years ago. There aren’t, by and large, we are not, by and large, driving this through free devices or free connections. What’s happening is we live in a 5G world now and people are getting real utility and value out of tablets, watches and other devices, because of the strength of our network and because of the changing lifestyles of connected lives. But, Mike, maybe you can give a little more on what we are seeing.
Mike Sievert: And like I said in my opening remarks, we are comfortable here and increasing our EBITDA, feel confident with how we are handling the macroeconomic picture. There are places in our P&L where there are pressure points, but there’s also a lot of opportunity for us to stand up and serve customers at a time when they need a company to provide them with a fantastic value. Great. Let’s go back to the phone.
Mike Sievert: Okay. On volume, our forecasts don’t imply an industry run rate. Our job is to win switching decisions and you saw in our quarter, that’s exactly what we did. And so we are not deeply dependent on industry net adds. That being said, what we are seeing is overall switching is up about 3% in the marketplace. We have not seen any substantial changes to that as we have entered into the new quarter or any other substantial changes to the overall competitive dynamics since the quarter ended. So that’s what we are seeing across the Board. As it relates to Sprint wireline asset, you may have seen we made some announcements that we are no longer using that asset to support our wireless business. We are obviously conducting a review as to the best way to manage that asset. It’s a terrific product with a deep, deep legacy in our company and it’s important that we make the right decisions there for the long haul, taking into account how the market has changed over time. M&A, listen, you never rule that out. You never rule that out. That being said, one of the things I hope you are getting from this call is that we are very, very confident as a management team in our ability to execute with the hand we are holding. In a broad market where all content and communications have left their linear forms and have landed on the Internet, and the Internet is going mobile, we are this nation’s leading pure-play mobile Internet company and we are executing very solidly for our shareholders with a clear eye towards returning value to those shareholders as a result of our efforts. And so we are very pleased with where we sit, but smart management teams never rule out ways to further benefit our position for shareholders. And that’s a great place to leave it. Listen, I hope you got from this call, our confidence. We are having a lot of fun here. We are taking care of our customers. We are leading this company into a new era of the Un-carrier, and quarter-after-quarter where our aspiration is to continue to post results that increase your confidence in us as a management team. Thanks for tuning in today, everybody. Appreciate it.
Peter Osvaldik: Absolutely. All right, Dave. And on your other question of core adjusted EBITDA and what are we seeing from inflation, what are we seeing from DISH and with synergies up $200 million and core adjusted EBITDA of $150 million, what are some of the delta items in there. So, first, just with regards to DISH, I think we are very pleased to have reached agreement, gone through all of the settlements of the disputes, as well as the CDMA shutdown and we are looking forward to being great partners with DISH in the future. The agreement, as of the struck, gives us tremendous visibility into what revenues will be in the coming years. And while that’s down over Analyst Day expectations, it’s about three quarters of what we anticipated at Analyst Day through the duration of the plan period, so very pleased with that. The other thing I will say from an inflation perspective, as we have talked before, there’s been a great, great work by Neville and his team to early on lock in a lot of our significant cost into long-term contracts, whether that was on the CapEx side, with the OEM vendors as the network rollout happened, whether it was with tower operators, whether that was with backhaul. So we have been able to get a lot of those costs fixed. Of course, we are seeing some pressure, as everybody else is, particularly in the labor space, but that’s all contemplated into the guide itself. Synergy is up $200 million is just, again, speaks to Neville and his team and how quickly they are moving on decommissioning in a very efficient and customer-friendly manner. And the other thing I will point to is, we just raised net adds guidance by 600,000 at the midpoint. So, obviously, the S part of SG&A will be the thing that we are investing in to drive that growth, as well as that quicker acceleration of the network allows Neville to continue building quicker and you have some earlier costs associated with that, which of course, pays off in the ability to acquire customers with this value prop. So those are all the components as I think about them.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Jonathan, as you know, all of the -- because of all the reasons that Mike just described around an emerging business, while we are best positioned to capture it, it wasn’t something that we built into the plan when we did Analyst Day targets, because it was too early. We didn’t want to make the plan with something that we didn’t have a good view and a road map to how to get the growth, but we are seeing the capitalization of that. So that is all upside, potential upside to the plan, very excited about that. In terms of progression in enterprise space, you heard Callie say we are actually, what’s exciting about this is, we see growth across the entire T-Mobile for business segment. It’s not just enterprise, it’s government, it’s SMB. So we are excited about the progression in all of those categories against our goals.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Definitely. We are not giving the prime mix of the base. Obviously, very recent, but it is up significantly. In terms of what we are seeing from a payment pattern perspective, on a year-over-year basis involve churn is up, and remember, last year was tremendously muted. There was still a lot of stimulus money. There was still not really the switching activity happening. So we are seeing what we anticipated is that you would see an increase involve churn still below pre-pandemic levels for us. And we talked about bad debt a little bit, and of course, what we did in Q2 as well is, remember, the accounting standard changed a couple of years ago and now forces us rightfully so to look forward as well. And so we did a macroeconomic loss overlay in Q2 that was significant, whereas last year, that wasn’t happening. In fact, we had some releases happen as we saw involve churn way down. So I do believe Q2, of course, we are watching the macroeconomic trends very carefully and customer payment patterns and behavior, but I believe Q2, based on everything we are seeing now, was the high watermark in terms of bad debt expense for us in 2022. Again, it goes back to that tremendous core competency that we have that we actually built on even further when we saw some of the FCC holds happen, we created even further differentiated tools to help our customers and we are seeing that pay off in dividends now.
Peter Osvaldik: Mike, I can speak to that one maybe and Mike would do fixed wireless. In terms of migration of rate plans, you saw certainly in the first part of last year, as we said, we did a significant amount of the rate plan migrations to the target rate plans. There’s still some more of that to go in planned, both this year as well as the start of next year, but we are through the vast majority of it. I think inferred in the question was also, when are we going through the billing migration, which we always said, was going to be disconnected from the network migration to make it a seamless to the customer as we can and that plan goes through middle of next year as we build the capabilities on and then really seamlessly convert customers, which has already begun. We are already in the process of doing that. But to make that, again, is churn friendly and as consumer-friendly as possible, that’s going to go through mid-next year. And so maybe I can...
Neville Ray: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Simon. You have opened the door for me to talk about 5G network, lots to talk about.
Neville Ray: Quote-unquote, I will be brief. The in-home broadband story, it’s just a tremendous testament to the progress we have made with rolling out at a really accelerated pace to our 5G network. I mean, we clearly have a very strong leadership position on 5G. It’s significant. It’s durable. We are here to lead on this 5G story for years to come. And so we announced in the materials today our low-band network, now 320 million people covered, 97% of all Americans. Our mid-band footprint, our ultra-capacity 5G, which is where the 5G story really comes to life, 235 million people covered well on our way to 260 million by the end of this year and that footprint covers 87% of T-Mobile customers today. So a tremendous progress, we are actually hitting some of the highest production rates in our two year history rolling out mid-band, well over 1,000 sites moved into various radio upgrades on a weekly basis inside the month of July, so real momentum across the Board. And what we can do on in-home broadband, to your question, Simon, is a real product. This in-home product is in-home broadband product is a testament to our 5G network growth. And as Mike referenced, our Ookla report, if you look at the fixed broadband industry and the median speeds, it’s lower than what T-Mobile is being recorded as delivering on a median speed basis. And so it’s not just about footprint, it’s about capacity and the spectrum story and today we have over 110 megahertz of dedicated mid-band spectrum on average across that mid-band footprint and over 30 megahertz of extended range 5G spectrum. So 140 megahertz of dedicated 5G spectrum and it’s that capability of coverage, plus 5G depth and spectrum that allows us to push into these 5G broadband stories and this growth. And we are really, I mean, we are a year into this business, Simon. We are very confident about the projections and capabilities that we have mapped out over the coming years. But this network is really starting to now gain traction. The integration with Sprint is all over by the shelving, to be honest, two-thirds of the sites have been de-commed, less than 1% of the Sprint traffic -- customer traffic now on that legacy Sprint network, high confidence. We will bring that to a close as we exit this quarter. And that’s driving a ton of goodness. The spectrum that we can migrate and move across, the coverage and the capabilities that come with one very strong powerhouse network and a little over two years from when we started this process. So great progress, very confident in what we are delivering, delighted with the speeds that we are delivering on in-home broadband and I think we are bringing to the market probably the real first 5G use case. Everybody has been hunting for this thing. But in-home broadband, fixed wireless is here and it’s here to stay.
Neville Ray: Yeah. I mean, I think, we -- I’d say this, Craig. We are the best positioned company in the U.S. for all of 5G opportunities that Callie outlined. There’s just no doubt. I mean, this 5G thing is for real at T-Mobile. I mean more than 50% of our entire network traffic is now on 5G, over 55%, actually and that number continues to increase as we see great engagement and great discussions with all manner of opportunities, business leaders, as well as our consumer base. And we continue to really push the 5G architecture. We are the only company, as Callie referenced, with a standalone network core. We are the only company in the U.S. to push -- to move voice services, voice over a new radio onto that 5G layer. Why is that important? Because as a company, we are a 5G business, we are not in the business yet of retiring LTE, but we are focused on that at some point in time in the coming years. This 5G network is moving at incredible pace, coverage, spectrum and architecture. And we have a lead on all corners of that dialogue against our competition, which positions us incredibly well for future growth across all segments. So delighted with our progress and the 5G story is not just beginning. I mean, we are into it at T-Mobile and the growth vectors are starting to shape up around us incredibly well.
Neville Ray: Well, I am not sure that we want to announce revised numbers today. So, I mean, Jonathan, you know our story well. You know the $7 million to $8 million that we put out into the marketplace some time back. But to Mike’s comments just now, if you look at where we are, we are ahead on our coverage rollout on 5G, we are ahead on our spectrum transition, we are ahead on our integration goals that we established when we put that plan together. There are many factors coming in, but we see great consumer adoption on the 5G side and our capacity generation for this business is ahead of schedule. We always said that, if you compare where this business would be as a combined T-Mobile and Sprint in 2024, 2025 against the standalone T-Mobile, that multiple was about a 14x, 1-4 on capacity. We are about halfway through that already in terms of the capacity we are generating. So we are in the business of creating a lot of headroom for growth for the company. And can we bend that curve some more? I am sure we can, but we are still early into this business. As we said, we are a year in driving great numbers, and we will see, I think, as we exit this year with continued strong growth in the space, we will be in a position to look forward into 2023 and 2024 with great momentum and hopefully some stronger numbers.
