Mike Sievert: If you didn't jump in there with a question after that operator said that four times, I was just going to thank everybody and end the call.
Mike Sievert: You bet. It's great to hear from you, Phil. Yes. I -- first of all, if you look at -- and I'll ask Matt to pile in on this. If you look at the promotions in the industry, actually to us they look a lot like last year's. There's some -- obviously, some changes around the margins. Look, the phones underlying are a little bit more expensive from Apple, but generally speaking, we see a promotional environment a lot like last year's. It feels really intense but that's because it's the fourth quarter and it's because there is a big iPhone here. So, generally speaking, I don't see a trend line there that's at all concerning. As it relates to churn, now there is a trend line I'd love to talk about. We believe we have the best year-over-year churn performance in the industry by far. When you look at pro forma combined, remember this is a blended 0.9% postpaid phone churn that we delivered, last year we had 0.9% without Sprint and Sprint was churning at about 2%. So, we blended it all together and delivered that kind of performance, it shows you one thing, Sprint customers are starting to benefit very significantly from this combination. And of course, on the T-Mobile side, although we blend it and we don't disclose it separately, man, that's a great underlying performance there as well, like really good. So, we're delighted. And I have to say, even though we have the best year-over-year churn performance down to 0.9%, I also see churn as a tailwind thesis for investors because we have room to run. We delivered all of this financial performance: $7.1 billion in EBITDA, simultaneously doing that and delivering our best growth quarter in history with 2 million net new additions with that 0.9% churn that you know we've shown with our T-Mobile brand we know how to get down. So, I think it's a great potential tailwind on our story. But let's talk about promotions because I know you're not the only one that's going to want to talk about what's happening out there, and it is a bit of a misnomer, I think, what's happening. But Matt, do you want to share what you're seeing as the quarter is unfolding? I know everybody is curious about the view from the marketing seat.
Mike Sievert: Well, switching is muted. I mean, if you look across the span of Q3, as well as what's happening in Q4, switching is down. You see that because churn is down. But what Matt was just saying, I just think is important to underscore. We've seen environments like this. We've seen highly intense environments with lots of switching, and our team has got a flexible model and we find a way to post the growth and we're just really proud of that. We've been at this for a long time as a share-taker. We invest with discipline. We try not to overdo it. But in a muted switching environment, very muted, we delivered the highest growth in our history this quarter. And it really shows, I think more than anything, two things. One, how our team executes. Every company is something. Our company is great at execution. And two, that being executing against a synergy-backed model is a real benefit because we're able to unlock the value of those synergies and invest them in growth and still deliver the financial performance and period, as I said in my prepared remarks.
Mike Sievert: Cool. All right. Operator, we're on a roll. Let's just keep going to the phone. And meanwhile, I'll ask Peter to scan across Twitter and see what he sees.
Mike Sievert: That's obviously going to be a big part of our story next time we talk when we release earnings and give you some more in-depth guidance on '21, but we're so excited about the potential because we're just way ahead of schedule. It is mostly network-driven, and Neville and team are running faster than we had expected in our model. So that's really exciting. TVision, also really exciting. We -- I'm so happy we got this out. As you know, we've been talking about TVision for a long time. We sequenced it to be sure it was here -- despite all the merger and other distractions, be sure it was here in time for our 5G broadband launch. And to your question, that's a big piece of what it's about. We're coming soon with home broadband. We're serious about home broadband. It's going to be an important way that we grow this business and make money, and you have to have the full suite of services to really be able to serve customers there. And to your question, I also think there is potential benefits on the mobile side. Customers count on us for their connectivity. They love our brand. We're able to deliver in this product a great, simple, elegant solution that we're investing in because you're a T-Mobile customer, so they get a great value and we're just smashing a bunch of the pain points in this industry and this industry is so full of them, again, as we talked about it at our launch. So, we're very excited. We're just getting started. One of the other things I've talked about for a long time is, we also intend to be a great partner to media companies and an ally because we're not a media company. We're a pure play network and connections company. And so, that's obviously got a big future for us as we -- as this world just continues to move towards an OTT future. To your very specific question, yes, we are complying with all of our media contracts and at the same time, we're working with them because we're open-minded. Some would like to see changes. And if those changes are great for customers and help us continue to smash customer pain points, we're open-minded. This is the very beginning early innings. This is a business that isn't really a business, it's an Un-carrier move, we're in it for the long haul, but we're doing it to delight customers and we're doing it to set up a home broadband business, which is going to be where a big piece of the profit pool is. Hope that clears it up.
Mike Sievert: Sounds great. Well, we'll start with Sprint and device leasing and everything happening with financing, I'm going to turn to Matt Staneff on that, and then we'll answer your question about the -- about Sprint assets.
Mike Sievert: Okay, and great. On the other piece -- thanks, Matt. On the other piece, it's early days. I can't announce for you any great insights on that question, but I'll say two things. One, the capabilities that we inherited and that we see in this Sprint team and some of the know-how is fantastic. You really can't evaluate this team and its capabilities by the former business results of standalone Sprint. That was a company with lots of structural challenges financially. And so, it was easy to kind of side-eye that operation and assume that it didn't have much to offer. That's totally wrong. Now that we've gotten into it, there's so many best practices that we've been able to begin to adopt into the combined blended total. So that's very exciting, including the team. But to your question, there are also some businesses and capabilities. For example, a wireline capability that standalone T-Mobile never had. So we're taking a great look at that and plenty of other things. So, unfortunately, I can't sort of give you a lot of color on that process because we're looking at it, but when there are stuff to report, we'll be sure to bring it. I appreciate the question, though.
Mike Sievert: Yes. I mean, obviously, both elements are important. A couple of things to unpack for you. First of all, we didn't sort of disclosed for you the T-Mobile brand versus Sprint brand. We're just putting it all in there blended. But I can tell you directionally that a big piece of the year-over-year beat isn't just the Sprint, it's over on the T-Mobile side to some just fantastic unprecedented number, so you have to factor that in. And then secondly, yes, it is the big picture. First of all, there's a lot more going on in network than just that 15%. So that's important. The network experience is improving across the board, not just by carrying some of the traffic. But secondly, it's a bigger equation than that. We're now starting to provide them with fantastic offers, we're treating them great. Do you know that we did on care NPS? Just the Net Promoter Score of the care experience, it's tripled since we -- over the past seven months. That's fantastic. The way our care team has started caring for Sprint customers the T-Mobile way and they're responding. So, the network circumstances are improving, the value is improving, the customer experience is improving, and of course, there is a lot more to it than just that 15% of carried traffic. And then over on the T-Mobile side, a big part of our year-over-year beat sits right there. Hopefully that helps.
Mike Sievert: Thanks, Brett. Well, I think certainly there is more willingness from consumers, and I think that's important, because on digital, one of the things that has been so stubborn for all the carriers in the US has been that digitalization has been slow, not because we haven't invested in great capabilities. If you go to our app it's phenomenal, what you can do in it. It's because customers have been slow to adopt it in wireless, specifically. My theory is, it's because of the complexity of what we offer, and all the phone trade-ins and the financing, etc., they want to be somebody in that store to be accountable for sending them out happy. And so, that's happening. In terms of the competitive environment, I -- yes. It looks pretty much like last year to us. And with the exception of the dynamic you mentioned, centered around COVID. And overall switching is muted in Q3. It's muted in Q4. And you saw our guide, we were a little cautious just because it's -- in terms of the way our Q4 unfolds, it's early days. I know it's early November right now so you'd say we're well into the quarter, but not the way Q4 normally unfolds. It's a very holiday-centric quarter. COVID uncertainties with cases on the rise and consumer sentiment unknown, so we gave you a little bit of a cautious guide because we're watching it. But I go back to -- we've got a team that's nimble and confident, it has a great game plan and so far, consumers are responding really well to what we have to offer. So, I can't give you too much more color than that because it's a quarter that's unfolding, but to us, the overall competitive environment doesn't look materially different than last year.
Mike Sievert: That's great, Matt. Thanks. I'm going to go to Twitter next because there are some great questions developing. By the way, I'm so happy to see all the interest in T-Mobile for Business. Bill Ho, always great to hear from you on every report. Bill says, at T-Mobile Business has increased share, what areas have performed well? And how did the integrated Sprint legacy products and services and sales force contribute? Which verticals are offering the best traction? So that's a great question. And let's kind of also throw it -- let's do the one Roger Entner. Haven't heard from you in a while, Roger. Great to hear from you. Could you -- Roger says, at Mike Sievert, could you break down subscriber growth between consumer and business government? Also, have you started with Project 10Million? And if yes, how many households are using it now? So the short answer is, yes. Not only have we started on it but we've recrafted it. It was originally conceived as a totally free program to invest in the homework gap. What we find this year instead is a schoolwork gap. So, we added an actual paying service. Highly subsidized -- still accretive to contribute to revenues and profits, but highly subsidized to make sure that school kids can benefit from Project 10Million, even if they have increased needs versus what we originally anticipated, up to and including unlimited plans at a very attractive price. And that's actually really contributing. It was a big piece of our numbers this quarter. Our team was faster and more nimble than I think the rest of the industry at seizing a way to really meet this unmet need of public sector and school districts. So very proud of the T-Mobile for Business team. But for a little color on that, plus just how's it going, I'm going to toss outside the room. Maybe, hopefully, he's there. Let's go to Mike Katz on the phone for a little bit more on those. I see Mike. I see him starting to talk.
Mike Sievert: Mike, congratulations to the whole TFB team for an all-time record quarter for TFB. It's just amazing. And so, yes, Project 10Million was contributing -- by the way, free product -- Project 10Million also out there in volume helping so many school kids and school districts. That, of course, is not in our numbers, none of that would be reported as a subscriber, but it's just nice to see the difference that our Company is able to make with the size and scale of this network. So, we're so proud of it. Jim Patterson online, no stranger to this Company, by the way. Great to hear from you, Jim. Jim says, at TMUS great report. How will the Company ensure an equal or greater 5G in-building experience for enterprise customers? Will T-Mobile accelerate their in-building deployments or rely on existing towers and small cells to provide coverage? I'll turn it to Neville. I'll just start by saying, first of all, remember, Jim, one of the things that makes this Company so different is that, our low-band is lower, penetrates buildings better, reaches further from towers. Our mid-band reaches miles not meters and can put very, very high-capacity experiences into buildings from the macro network. And that's a differentiator for us. So, we have less reliance on this, but it doesn't mean we're not a friend to it. We certainly are. So, Neville, do you want to talk a little bit…
Mike Sievert: Sounds great. I was nice about it, though. If you give Neville enough time, he'll slay the competition. So, I know we're out of scheduled time, but we'll do two more if we hold ourselves to try and be brief because I want to make sure that we're hitting enough of the people on the phone. So operator, let's go to the phone and we'll do our final two questions.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Craig, I'll be brief on this one instead of tossing it out. The answer is yes, but it's not necessarily yet at scale driving our business centered around new applications. That's common. What's driving our business right now is reliable, high-capacity network leadership on smartphone. And there are plenty of other things that we're working with customers on. But if you're asking what's contributing to our results in getting us in the door, it's that unlike consumers -- and this is really interesting because it goes to the premise that we -- I think the very first question was consumer perception of our network. Unlike consumers, businesses test this stuff. They'll check out 100 phones and run them through the ringer for six weeks and then decide. And you know what? When they do that we're winning, especially to the premise of your question, when the question is, who's got the best 5G coverage and capacity and experience? Because it's just -- it's not even close right now and they know it we're pulling further away from the pack. Businesses want their employees connected right now more than they ever have. They need that connection to be reliable and they need it right now especially to be high-capacity and that's what we're able to offer. So, as we just said, Mike and team just posted the biggest quarter in our history for TFB. We're so proud of them, but this is really more than anything a story about network leadership, we've kind of caught up on LTE. But the real story is how far ahead we are for -- on 5G and how well positioned we are, to the premise of your question, Craig, to stay ahead for the duration of the 5G era.
Mike Sievert: I don't think that's what's driving our business. Yes, of course, they are doing that and with time frame sooner than that. But right now what's driving our business is the dynamic I talked about. And so, a lot of that can be additive when it comes to the low-latency, high-capacity experiences, network as a service for enterprises, automation services, all the things -- augmented reality, virtual reality, all the things that we can deliver with a high-capacity, low-latency network, most of those things are still in our future as it relates to how they can contribute to growth. What's contributing right now is that, they understand our story that we're out in front, and we're going to stay out in front. And I think that's a lot of comfort to somebody picking a partner in the 5G space.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Great to hear from you. Let's go to what I think is going to be our last question, right? Because the time frame, I want to be respectful we said 2:30. So, operator, let's go to the last question.
Mike Sievert: Sounds great. Well, on the first one, you have to look underneath everybody's report. When you look underneath ours, you saw postpaid phones again leading the industry very strong performance on the centerpiece that we've always focused on. The prepaid leader, T-Mobile continuing to grow from a leadership position, which is not something you've been able to see postpaid leaders do reliably in the past, so that's great. And then you saw our great outsized performance on postpaid other, driven by a number of different dynamics, including those dynamics you talked about. People adding to their relationships with us, but also new opportunities in TFB, we spent some time on the call talking about. So that's what happens when you double click into ours. When you double click into our competitors, there are some gymnastics. A lot of the big numbers have to do with like reversing accruals from previous quarters that were too conservative, or strange things in the prepaid space having to do with connected cars and accrual reversals that when you really look underneath it, I don't think cricket's crowing at all. In fact, I think they reduced. So, you really have to look through the reports right now because COVID made things so difficult. What you get from us is transparency, lots and lots of it, you got to work a little harder to get underneath the reports of our competitors. But I think you're seeing because of this public sector the dynamic, you're also seeing some terrific category growth. And then you asked about Shentel, so do we want to say anything, give an update on how that's [indiscernible] we can't, right? Yes. I hate to end on no, we have no response. But we're following a process. The original agreement is that we had with a couple of these partners called for us to have the rights to buy and there is a prescribed process on valuation and we're following that process and we just don't have anything to report. So, I'm ending this call on a no comment. That's great. Listen, you guys, thank you for you're in. We're so proud of the results that the Company was able to post. Really look forward to talking to you again when we report the full-year and double clicking with a longer conversation with our 2021 Analyst Day, so stay tuned for all that. Thanks, everybody.
Matt Staneff: Yes. The brand -- that's a great question, by the way. I love the fact that you're asking about how we're going to get credit for the network we have. It's such an amazing place to be in a number of years, since we've been so set up for success in the marketplace. I just want to remind you as well, sequencing is important. We're just coming off our quarter where we folded two brands into one in the postpaid market and delivered these great results. We've been hard at work at getting that right. The other thing I'll remind you was, in the early days of 5G messaging, we weren't out there bragging about something that didn't exist, right? We've been going out for a year with our nationwide 5G with extended coverage, and Neville is building a phenomenal network. So it's coming. It's coming very soon. And as Mike said, we are set up more than we ever have been to really communicate the message clearly in the marketplace, both the network we have, as well as the incredible prices and value customers get from us. We've seen great success. Early indicators are showing good progress -- very good progress in network [indiscernible]. All the leading indicators you want to see are already moving and we haven't even gotten started yet telling the story, I know you all are waiting for us to tell. I won't surprise everybody, and I'll remind you as well, we have a long legacy and history of disrupting the marketplace being innovative with our marketing, and it's coming, so stay tuned.
Matt Staneff: Yes. Thanks, Mike, and thanks for the question, Phil. Just to reiterate on a couple of things Mike said, the iPhones -- it's a different cycle this year than it has historically been. There is a couple of things. One, it's more spread out. It's happening later in the quarter. As we all know, Q4 tends to be back-end loaded and the offers tend to get a little bit more competitive when customers show up to shop for Black Friday and to Christmas. And so, what you're seeing is a little bit of a compressed dynamics on the schedule and you're seeing the more expensive phones launch first. And we've already seen changes in the offers that were announced and have been announced. We have a new pre-order starting just even tomorrow on the iPhone. So, it's an evolving dynamic in the marketplace. But as Mike said, when you look at it apples-to-apples and you look at the true comparison of the phone and the plan and the network experience, we think, largely speaking, the offers are about the same with one caveat. There's more aggressive base offers and retention offers out there in the marketplace, and I just got to ask why is that the case when you look at the marketplace and the dynamics. We're here -- we're very positioned to succeed like we always are. And I'll just remind you again, it's -- the quarter Q4 is a bit more back-end loaded, typically speaking, versus at the early days of an iPhone launch. We're very well set up to succeed and we think we've got a very good game plan, a disciplined game plan to continue to -- our momentum and win share.
Matt Staneff: Yes, Mike, thanks for that question. So, in early August -- I think it was August 2, when we retired the Sprint brand, but what we also did is converted the value propositions in the models within the Sprint base to match that of what we're used to at T-Mobile and we're seeing great success with that, by the way. Great success with customers continuing to come in and upgrade. It's actually opened up a lot of opportunities as well in terms of access to offers and promotions, and the ability for Sprint customers to upgrade a phone when they want to and not be beholden to other issues with the legacy products. We're still using a blend as we do at T-Mobile and as we have done at T-Mobile, but the progress we're making is really good. And over time, it's going to blend and match that more closely to what we're used to on the T-Mobile side as we continue to manage the Sprint customer base and be there to serve them for and when they want to upgrade.
Matt Staneff: Yes. Peter and Dave, and this kind of goes back to even some of the iPhone questions we keep getting. I'll just remind everybody, we're just getting started in this. So, we're not fully through the pre-order window for the iPhones. Q4 is traditionally an often a back-end loaded quarter. There are some shifts to digital purchases from retail, and we do anticipate -- Q4 is always the heavy device buying quarter for us and some of that's been there. The entirety of the iPhone launch is in Q4. We intend, as we have shown historically, continue to lead the market. Lead the market in net add growth in the postpaid phone business and postpaid phone growth overall. So, our guide is consistent with that in terms of how we see it playing out, and we absolutely expect the competitive intensity to what I call maintain through the MPI cycle, which in prior years might have looked a little different as it builds through Q4. And so, while this one might have come off on some appearances as a stronger, our point of view is from a year-on-year when you look at the quarter as a whole, it's exactly there. And we're very well positioned to succeed in this thing, and we think we're going to see some great outcomes, especially when customers get these iPhones in their hands and see the experience that you have with the amazing network we're building.
Neville Ray: Yes. I'll cover it quickly, John. So tremendous progress. I mean, the pace and acceleration of our plans inside 2020 has been pretty remarkable. So, the start -- the main start that I'd focus on for you in terms of progress we're making on migration first, 15% of the Sprint postpaid traffic already on the T-Mobile network. So, we're building out that capacity. You heard Mike talk about all of the work we have ongoing upgrading the network. Migration is in full swing and what follows on migration, of course, is decom and synergy acceleration. So, we've already scored some decom activity inside 2020, but we will start to really ramp and accelerate that in '21 and that is ahead of our original plans. The primary kind of decom years were really '23 and '24, and you're seeing that move forward in a material way from a timeline perspective. So super, super pleased with the progress. We want to get every customer on that one final T-Mobile network with all that 5G goodness that Mike talked about. We're going to be famous for network in this Company. That's our goal and our ambition, and we want all of our customers on that network enjoying and exploring that 5G capability as fast and as soon as we can, whilst delivering on that synergy ambition and we're very confident on both fronts.
Neville Ray: So, on the coverage and capacity opportunity with the Sprint sites, we are on this target to deliver about 35,000 sites that would be decommissioned over the coming years. And that would leave 12,000, 13,000 Sprint sites that we would bring into the T-Mobile network effectively for capacity and/or coverage. And we're doing a lot of work across both networks now. I don't see those numbers materially changing, Walt. The target network, obviously, we're over -- well over 100,000 sites today, but the target networks in kind of the 80,000 range, 80,000 to 85,000 sites. So, we're going to decom a bunch. We're going to add some too, right? We've still got areas where we want to add some new investment, but target range 82,000 to 83,000 sites. That's where we are today. So, very confident. We're doing a lot of work to make sure we fully understand the coverage growth and capabilities that we need to deliver along with everything obviously this 5G. In terms of the traffic number, I mean, I'm really pleased, Walt, we're six months in and we're already at 15% on that postpaid traffic base. And so, that's pretty remarkable. I didn't anticipate we'd have made that much progress in a short number of really weeks and months. So, you look at that run rate, where will we be this time next year? I hope to be in the numbers that you talk about. I'm not going to commit and say we'll get it all done in, say, 2021. It's going to run clearly into 2022. But the goal and ambition of the team here is to really drive all of this goodness on 5G and LTE capacity into the customer base of the Sprint and the T-Mobile customers in '21. And Mike talked about this huge plan and execution phase we're in to bring mid-band 5G to 200 million people in '21. And that's a massive goal, we're well on track, feel very confident about delivery on that as we'll get to 100 million this year alone. And that capacity and capability is going to be foundational to that migration opportunity. So, all things are moving very well. I'm just delighted with our progress that we've made in a short number of months, and I'm very confident in beating the targets that we put out there whenever that was, a year or so back. So things are going very well and that migration volume on traffic will continue to grow at a real pace.
Neville Ray: Yes, super quick. Good to see you online, Jim. For sure, right? I mean, a big, big part of this 5G experience is in-buildings, not just for enterprise but for consumer. And you heard Mike outlined there how our low-band position that 600-megahertz spectrum really sets us up. I mean, we've got follow spectrum, which we were able to commit to 5G in good volumes and that's really making a difference for all customer experience. But absolutely, we have to do more on the enterprise space. There are tough environments, which we know you have to go after from the inside-out. So, yes, we are ramping that activity, a lot of activity in collaboration ongoing with Mike Katz, who was just on, with Mike's team. We're looking at all the solutions. Those traditional DAS, I'm super interested in applying millimeter wave spectrum. We have a lot of that and we're going to look to use that in-building. And quite frankly, I mean, that's a great opportunity for millimeter wave. Poor old Verizon is out there trying to build an on-street network with millimeter wave and the performance is just quite, frankly, nimble as Mike outlined in the opening comments. We're going to make sure that outdoor experiences is there from deep spectrum on macro sites and small cells and we'll use millimeter wave where it makes sense. And one of those environments is going to be in-buildings and that's a great way for us to attack 5G experience indoors, especially for the enterprise.
