Jud Henry: All right. Welcome to T-Mobile's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor fact book and other documents related to our results as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations website. With that, let me turn the call over to Mike.
Jud Henry: It does. We can probably take one more question and then we got to hop it up. So operator, one more and then we got a call it a day.
Jud Henry: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Again, I look forward to catching up with you again soon. If you have any other questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations and Media Relations team, and have a great day.
Mike Sievert: Well, I'll start, Craig. Let me start by telling you a little bit about how we view the convergence space. And obviously, to the premise of your question, we are competing very ambitiously in this space with more new broadband net additions in 2022 than the rest of the industry combined. So we're very happy with our position, and it has lots of room to run for years to come. But on the other hand, the larger question is whether or not we're doing this for offensive reasons or defensive reasons. And our view is that the market has shown that customers will accept bundles. But it's far from certain weather bundles are something that they will require. And so we're some flank is exposed that we have to protect. We're interested in convergence because we have a lot to offer. And we have a great brand, a great capability, a great team, great distribution and the ability to add value to the space as you're seeing in our present success in home broadband through 5G. So we're very interested in the space. But I'll tell you, we haven't decided whether or not that would translate into augmenting that strategy with a wireline approach. But if we did, it would be because it's a good business. Not because we feel like there's some flank that we have exposed that we need to protect. And so while we haven't made a decision about it, I can tell you a few things that we've decided not to do. And I think that's important for people to understand. I personally have no interest in having some kind of major change to our strategy as a company or the financial outcomes that will go from that strategy or the shareholder remuneration that flows from our financial outcomes. We're on a mission to become the best in the world at wireless. And we're pursuing that mission ambitiously and so far, very successfully. That is the place where the future lies and where we want to be. And I'm interested in delivering all of the financial outcomes that we promised you that flow from that business plan. And the shareholder remuneration and share buybacks that flow from that, and we're not interested in something that would cause a material change in any of that. Secondly, because of that, I think we've looked at it and said, if we got involved we would do it most likely with partners. It would make -- it would just be smart to do it with partners versus by ourselves. And that means purely through a partnership or if we have an ownership stake of some type of some kind, it would be off balance sheet and again, would not be at a level that would have a material change in terms of who we are. And then as I said, we'd be interested in it. If it's something that we could add value and make the market better for customers and make some money doing it, directly for the merits of the business, not necessarily for the merits of how it would attribute to wireless. And that's because consumers are sort of voting with their feet. And so far, we haven't seen a benefit to convergence that really translates into consumer value beyond just a discount. And there are plenty of ways to deliver customers' discounts when you have the superior assets in wireless superior balance sheet and wireless, the best overall network and a tradition of a brand that delivers outstanding value. So hopefully, that helps clear that one up.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Absolutely, Mike. And your question, we're definitely not anticipating ARPU to be down on a year-over-year basis. And probably our guide right now would be generally stable. And that's primarily the mix-driven metric as we just had the continued success in T-Mobile for Business, for example, being a mix-driven metric responders or segmentation approach. But there's been just a this amount of tailwind. We continue to see strength in Magenta MAX take rates in Q4. So as you get further into the year, there's potentially opportunity that we could even see some increases over that. But I'd say right now, generally stable with potential upside later in the year, and we'll see how that develops.
Mike Sievert: Thanks, John. Those are two great ones. First, on smart markets in the rural areas, and I'll hand it to Jon. I am so pleased with what's happening here. We set out to do something we hadn't really done at scale before a couple of years ago. And 2022 was a pivotal year due to all of that at scale. We moved from 30% in to 60% of the marketplaces where we're really competing at -- I think we've explained to you before, what we call internally license to play or better. And in those places, the numbers have been placed. So, maybe, Jon, if you can give a little bit of color on how that's going and maybe even some numbers and back it up, and then we'll switch and talk about what's going on in the network.
Mike Sievert: And to see shares switching well into the 30s given that a lot of these places, we really does start, I mean, we have the last many years of experience. And that shows that those customers have a resonance with our brands and with our story and they want in. So, we're very pleased without these markets and consumers in the markets are responding. Terrific, let's go back -- sorry.
Mike Sievert: Yes, the CapEx fees where the answer is yes, $9 billion to $10 billion run rate. So that's also we're getting done with that line '23 and beyond.
Mike Sievert: One of the things you can take away, John, from what Neville just said is that this network leadership story that has emerged has lots of room to run. We said three years ago, that we had jumped out in front on 5G, and we were at least two years ahead of our competitors. And I quoted in two years from now, we'll still be two years ahead of our competitors, and that's exactly what has unfolded if you listen to Neville's statistics, he told you that we're already, as you know, at 265 million people covered by ultra capacity. Neither of our competitors has stated the goal to be there any time in the next two years. In fact, they've stated to go for the end of next year, two years from now, it's less than that. And yet, we're not stopping there. We're on our way to 300 million people this year. But to me, is actually the more exciting part about the future testing you heard from Neville is going from 130 megahertz deployed of mid-band, 150 overall, 130 in mid-band to 200. That's a massive capacity expansion that's happening. Because that's not just factors on the experience you get every day. So far, our medium speeds are 5x faster than just three years ago. Our Magenta MAX customers and you know how Magenta MAX is. They're using 30 gigs a month. These are big advantages versus our competition. In broadband, where we're generating more net adds than the rest of the industry combined, has lots of room to run. And so that's all on the heels of this massive capacity that's not just in the network, that's still coming and within the run rate of the $9 billion to $10 billion in capital per year.
Mike Sievert: Great. Well, first on broadband, it's kind of stating the obvious. When somebody who is a fiber provider. So as you know that product not as good as our product. It's kind of like the people at pointing a finger at the world's best-selling car, Toyota saying, we're faster. We have the faster car. Yes, but Toyota is the world's best-selling car. And that's because -- and if you look in the case of T-Mobile, 5G home broadband because it's perfectly suited to what people want. And although it has less overall potential for capacity than a strain of fiber, which is patently obvious, it's radically simple at low cost. It's transparent. It's portable within tens of millions of households. It has the speed and capacity that allows people to think that they want. And therefore, the net promoter scores are some of the highest in the industry, 10 points higher than fiber, 30 points higher than cable. And most of our customers are coming directly from cable, not just from rural areas or unconnected places or DSO. And so it kind of demonstrates that we've got a product here with the right mix of services to meet people's needs, lots of room to run. When we launched this product, we talked about 7 million to 8 million homes. And as you can see from our numbers, we're tracking beautifully to that. And the question now is where do we go from here? And I gave comments before about whether or not we're looking at ways that could augment that strategy, of course, we are. But that's because we have a winning product and massively expanding capacity to support it. One of the things to keep in mind is that economically, this unlike fiber and cable. This product so far is not burdened by amortization of capital and the cost structure, right? So we're able to take the capital that we deployed through mobile and find places with excess capacity and market broadband there. And those places are rapidly expanding even though we have millions of customers on board now soaking some of it up. We're moving our eligible homes from 40 million to 50 million. And that means that there's 50 million homes out of 140 million nationwide, where tomorrow morning, you applied for service, we'd say, yes. And so that is a big footprint. And we think the product is beautifully suited to the times.
Mike Sievert: We're making sure our companies ready for after you know. I mean, but the fact that we saw bad debt moderate from Q2 with inflation for spike surprise consumers last spring. How Q3 and Q4 were lower than Q2. In voluntary involuntary churn was actually lower in Q4 than Q3. Our bad debt rates are lower than AT&T's are for us and showing the quality of our customer base, which has always been a question people had, especially after the Sprint merger. And so, we're signing in the future like everybody else, but we take it as far from a foregone conclusion that very stressful economic times are coming. We're prepared if they are. We're financially prepared. And as importantly, we prepared to serve American consumers that in that situation may be questioning whether they ought to be having a great network at a better value. And we're ready to stand up and serve them if they start questioning whether or not they should be saving money in this category because we are uniquely positioned with our high-quality value positioning for economic times like what might be coming. And so, we're ready in other case, but the emphatic answer to the question is no, we are not seeing it.
Mike Sievert: I mean, one of the things you heard from Callie before is that Q4 was one of the best net add quarters ever in our history. So, we're really comfortable with where this is -- how this is shaping up. And one of the reasons for that is there are long sales cycles in this market. And we've been at this 5G story longer than anybody else. CIOs are very interested in more strategic engagements than they were interested in a couple of years ago. And now, we're in those conversations, but we're way down the pike in them. So, we're very comfortable with where we are. We're competing extraordinarily well. And to your market share question, we're very much on track for the Analyst Day aspirations that we shared with you.
Mike Sievert: You mean should I disclose that right now as a new fact. I don't think we did we haven't. I think what we've said is, it continues to be the majority from consumer, but you're seeing continued uptick in the business side as just Callie mentioned in growth there. So we see a lot of room to run on the business side as well. And obviously, continued room in the consumer space.
Mike Sievert: I did see some notes on that that kind of got it wrong is that maybe business is what's surging in that area. It's the business is doing well, but it's the overwhelming majority for us is the consumer in that space. Yes. Operator, next question please.
Mike Sievert: Yes. First of all, yes, on integration, there's more room to run. But principally, I think most of the room to run comes from value network, service brand. And look, we've been through this journey. We drove the Magenta brand to the best churning brand in this industry. And I certainly won't be satisfied until T-Mobile blended postpaid is the best churning brand in this industry. And that shows you we've got some room to run because while we're the most improved, which is a great price, we're not the best yet. And so that's where we're going. That's the goal. And it is, of course, there's some room to run on integration. But we're not separating it for you anymore because it's very hard to chop up at this point. All the customers are on the destination network. Some of them are on the destination biller. It's not that determinative anymore as to which biller you have because we try to make that biller sort of very opaque to you and not transparent. You're called T-Mobile in many cases. So it's -- it's just hard to chop it up now. But yes, there's still room to run to get people settled into fantastic rate plans, both on their device as well as on their service and to feel very careful with clear transparent services. But I'd say the bigger opportunity is our worst to first game plan that we know how to execute, which is give people a great gives them un-carrier moves that allow them to voice that deal and express in vote for T-Mobile. Give them the best network bar not, give them a fantastic path to great devices. Give them a brand that's famous for caring for them and the best customer service in the industry. That's why our net promoter scores are the highest in the industry, and I expect that to translate to the lowest churn by the time we're done.
Mike Sievert: We're really happy with it. What we do with any business is we age it into cohorts and look at it sort of based on people that have been with us 1.5 years, people that have just been with us a few weeks. And what you see is what you -- exactly what you would expect, which is the more aged cohorts are settling into a beautiful pattern. We have the youngest broadband base in the industry because we went from nothing to 2.5 million subscribers all in the last few months. And so, we have to really break it down to understand it. And when we do, we're very pleased. And one of the things that happens as a dynamic on this business is that the barriers to trial, therefore, the cost to us of encouraging that trial are totally different than wireline. We're not sending some drug -- some truck to your house to dig ditches or drill holes in the side of your house and all kinds of cost. We're letting you take home a modem and router and give it a shot. And if you love it, you wind up sticking with it. And if not, there's sort of a no harm, no file relationship. This is, let's try it again in a year that wasn't perfect for you right now because we're pouring capacity into this network. And as long as we treat customers really well and they gave this a shot, and we were transparent with them that as to whether or not it would work. The vast majority will keep it, but the small portion of people that don't, doesn't really wind up costing us anything. So, the dynamics of early churn in a business like this are totally different than traditional broadband is one of the things that makes it a better business model.
Mike Sievert: Those are both great questions, Dave. Let's start with EBITDA and cash flow. As you could just eliminate all the headwinds and tailwinds since the early 2021 kind of give us a high level.
Mike Sievert: But we're the only still talking about our 2021 guidance. And we're talking about pulling into the stations and beating it. And that should say a lot about our business plan and the integrity of it. But it is actually quite different than what we were expecting in terms of some of the shaping of it inside. Peter, maybe you can give some color.
Mike Sievert: I just love the question, by the way, Dave, because our guide on cash flow for next year is to have 75% year-on-year growth. And you're like, right. We have just a little low respect. And the answer is I hope so. Let's see what happens. So when you had a second question about SoftBank. Obviously, we know the SoftBank guys very well. We talked a lot, we're in constant communication. But I wouldn't say there's a deal imminent. And there's a reason for that, which is people on both sides of a potential transaction, believe that we're moving past 150 anyway. And so, they don't have a lot of incentive to give us a deal or a discount because they think they're getting this event we've always planned for it. We've always believed the average analyst target is 170 on this business. If you look at our rapidly expanding cash flow profile and the durability of our growth strategy, we think this event is probably coming. So, it doesn't feel like it feels like for us, we would want to discount it, we were going to take that out and they look at it and say, "Yes, but why would I give you a discount and so there's -- that's a little bit of color on it. So I wouldn't say a transaction is imminent, but I wouldn't say it's impossible either. I think the operator cut you off. But yes, we know and thank you for that -- great. And so looking over, if we look at the Twitter, Bill Ho always has some great questions. T-Mobile, John Fryer, Mike Katz, state of prepaid for T-Mobile competitors, including MVNOs. And T-Mobile was the only net positive on prepaid, others had losses. What's going on with prepaid and also what's going on with the MVNO market. Since it includes the MVNO market, I'll actually switch to Mike Katz you can tell us a little bit about what's happening in prepaid.
Mike Sievert: A part of it is because it's early in the year, and it's not that clear where the dynamics of competition will be. If you look back to our multiyear Analyst Day targets, we actually thought back then, back to all the puts and takes, and Peter just kind of talked about this, that there would be much more going on, on sort of the service revenue ARPU side, And we didn't anticipate as much as what wound up happening on the device side. And so we guided accordingly on service revenues and ARPU where we achieved the '23 service revenues last year and ARPU growth was a big reason for that. But we had unexpected costs on the device side because the factors of competition sort of shifted. So it's a little early to comment on ARPU. We do know that if there's an opportunity for growth versus just generally stable, it would be more in the second half than the first half, and there's reasons for that. But we really like where this is. The underlying dynamics on Magenta MAX are stronger not moderating. They are stronger than they've ever been. But on the other hand, we're finding success with military, with seniors, with business and other things that could be dilutive to ARPU, but are fantastic on a CLV basis. And that's why we have to be careful about not getting people to hooked into ARPU. ARPA, we're guiding for growth because we see lots of opportunity for customers to continue to double down on their relationships with us across the board, including new device types and including home and business broadband. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of puts and takes on kind of why it unfolded the way it unfolded.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And then on share buybacks, Craig, I think the important thing is that the strategy hasn't changed, other than, of course, the ability with the financial performance of the Company to initiate those earlier. And so, we couldn't have been more excited to get that first $14 billion through Q3 approved, and you saw we delivered $3 billion of that in 2022. We continue to have line of sight to the up to $60 billion. And so, nothing's changed with regards to the strategy. We're very excited about the cash flow generation of the business, and the flexibility that, that provides. If you think about shaping, of course, I'm not going to talk about day-to-day or week-to-week shaping for natural reasons. But of course, you've got the growth of core EBITDA coming throughout the years, which gives you financial flexibility. As you know, we're very prudent in just the leverage target that we've set overall. But again, nothing has changed with respect to the strategy, very excited about the free cash flow generation and the shareholder remuneration affords.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Let me just add to that. I think what you heard Callie say is we're competing on quality, by and large, and ARPUs are rising. They rose in 2022 in the business space. And the premise of your question, they're lower than consumer, but they rose in 2022 because CIOs are picking us because we have the best network and the best solutions, and they're interested in what we can bring in 5G that our competitors are behind on. And so, that's I think, very much to the premise of your question. As we go forward, one of the things to keep in mind is that even though business ARPUs are lower than consumer and always have been, and there's no structural change happening there. They are very good. The cost to sell in that area is lower longevity. So, there's plenty of reasons to like that business that are different for ARPU. That's why you got to be careful about ARPU as a guiding metric for the profitability of the business because it's not.
Peter Osvaldik: Thanks for the question, John. We're coming off what has been a historic year for network investment in this company. I mean we had an accelerated spend in 2022. And you can see in Mike's opening comments, the results that are coming from that. Our 5G leadership is just not disputed in the marketplace. So that's now translating to overall network leadership, which is just tremendous progress for the business, and I thought a series of great growth opportunities as Jon just outlined in rolling across many other parts of the country too. So, as we look at a sustainable level in '23, we're in a great place because we got the integration effectively complete last year. That was a massive effort, but we're ahead of schedule there. And as we look at the build program on 5G and overall network, we just took great strides. Today, we announced 265 million people now covered with our ultra capacity footprint in the U.S. And that number will be 300 million people covered with our ultra capacity footprint by the end of this year. So we continue to expand that great powerful 5G service across the country. 300 million is a number that neither of our major competitors have even considered announcing a target to reach or to achieve. And in addition to that first part of your question, John, we continue to pain spectrum assets on 5G. I mean, we're a 5G business. We're trying to commit our spectrum, our entire portfolio to 5G as fast as we can. Why, because it's delivering just a tremendous experience to our customers. So that spectrum position today. We have 150 megahertz that are dedicated to 5G, some markets. And that's, I think, currently more than AT&T and Verizon combined having the 5G space. And that number, we've said we're targeting 200 megahertz just on the mid-band spectrum by the end of this year. And so, we've recently talked about how we're not just deploying 2.5 gigahertz. We're also adding powerful PCS spectrum in the space. That's a big part of the program as we move through in 2023. You asked about DoD and C-band spectrum. We have some great assets there. Probably a 2024 deployment plan for us as the opportunity to leverage and deploy that spectrum cleaned up with the FAA, et cetera, but 200 megahertz on mid-band is going to be an industry-leading proposition long before we get to the pentanes. So delighted with the progress, I mean, the 5G network is just unbeatable today across all markets in the U.S. The recent benchmarking clearly demonstrates that. But I think more exciting for the business and especially for the network team is this overall network leadership, something that we've been working way on for, as Mike referenced decades and now is in our hands. So a lot to do, '23 will be a continued busy year for us, but the plan is to extend on that work
Peter Osvaldik: I can speak to the question on the macro environment. From a consumer perspective, No, we're not seeing it. Of course, this is an area where we're very cautious. But when we think about just Q3 to Q4, we actually saw a little bit of improvement in voluntary churn. And bad debt was exactly what we laid out in Q2 stable on a percentage of revenue and in fact, actually lower than AT&T or Verizon on those metrics. So, it's something we're looking at and making sure we would closely monitor. As we said, this could also be a moment of opportunity for us because as a consumer set to the extent that you're pressured from a recessionary perspective, from an inflationary perspective, it might make you consider a lot of categories of spend and wireless is being one of those. And at the time you create the consideration moment, you go look around. And again this is the time where not only 5G leadership, but has translated into overall network leadership, coupled with that value proposition just being a fabulous time and it could be a tailwind for us. Again, looking at and making sure we're cautious, but nothing we're seeing right now gives us costs for concern.
Peter Osvaldik: Absolutely, when I just think, Dave, back to Analyst Day and what's happened since then, you've certainly seen a tremendous amount of incremental profitable growth than what we see. And you saw the ARPA trajectory grow you've seen high-speed Internet and the tremendous growth that we've had there and the ability to accelerate synergies. On the flip side, of course, the world has changed a lot since then, and inflation is one of the elements, that's impacted a lot of companies. For us, we've been a lot more insulated than others, and we've talked before around why that is with our ability early on after the merger to walk down major categories of costs during a time when the negotiation looks a lot different in low interest rate environments and low inflation rate environment. So, there's a lot of the kind of puts and takes and why you see us now being able and confident to express a guy that's actually above Analyst Day. When I think about just the shaping of the core EBITDA throughout the course of the year, what you're going to have, of course, is continued profitable growth and continued synergy unlock. And one of the things that's assumed in the core EBITDA guide is the wireline sale close somewhere around midyear and that's a little bit of a drag on core EBITDA. So as I think about like Q1 probably in the approximately 6.9 range and then continued unlock throughout the course of the year on core EBITDA. And then how I think about from there to free cash flow, really free cash flow in 2023 as a few onetime items that you need to consider. And first and foremost is we're actually now in '23 achieving what we've been talking about for a long time now, which is the highest conversion of service revenue to free cash flow in the industry, despite these kind of few onetime things that I'll highlight. One is merger-related expenses, and I spoke in the prepared remarks around $1.5 billion to $2 billion. And that's a little bit higher than we assumed at Analyst Day in terms of total merger-related expenses by about $400 million, and that gives you now an incremental unlock up to $8 billion of total run rate synergies. So, that's one -- the other is a 21 cyber event. And remember, you saw us take a lot of the expense-related charges in 2022, but we anticipate the cash flow associated with the class action settlement to outflow in '23. And then the last again is related to wireline, where as you recall, we have an IT related take-or-pay agreement. The first year after close is $350 million and then tapers down significantly from there. And so, we're assuming about half of that flowing into '23. So that's how you kind of take core EBITDA down to free cash flow guide. And hopefully, that answered almost all the puts and takes.
