John Legere: Yes, great questions, Brett. So on the cost to service, no, you’re seeing the run rate that we’ve talked about. So our prior guidance has not changed. And you will just see that continued cadence throughout the year as we rollout 600. No incremental step ups there. SG&A, the fact of the matter is we’re growing more than AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and Comcast together. It’s a fact. And when you have variable selling costs, we, as a result, have the highest SG&A. I guarantee you our back office is tremendously more efficient than Dumb and Dumber. But we’re putting our firepower into organically scaling this business, and that’s why you don’t see some of the efficiency. And we’ve always talked about if our growth was to moderate, which is not going to, given the adjacencies of the geographical distribution expansion and new business, you will see an explosion in margin with a significant reduction in SG&A. This is a – this is a result of how much we’re growing. In terms of the pro forma for the new company, yes, let’s go into a little bit of detail here. And we had a lot of fun announcing the transaction. And we’ve been avowedly looking at what everybody has been writing and publishing. And I want to share some thoughts here, because several people have kind of question why revenues and EBITDA might look a little bit out in the 3 to 4 range that we put out there. And the fact of the matter is not. This is not a reflection of anything going on at T-Mobile or reflection that’s going on with Sprint. Our pro forma of those disclosures were based on, it’s a conservative number, and that’s exactly what we took into the rating agencies. There were no revenue synergies from fixed wireless broadband, IoT and new 5G opportunities from new businesses that we are going to enter. The EBITDA number assumes no growth in leasing revenues from the current combined Sprint and T-Mobile, which many analysts forecast have leasing going up for Sprint. EBITDA forecast also assume that we migrate all Sprint postpaid customers to the lowest – to the lower T-Mobile ARPU by the end of 2021. And that’s really important. What we talked about is driving price competition into America. The fact of the matter is, Sprint’s ARPU 10% higher than ours, and we’re rationalizing an entire combined new co-base with this price competition. And that is very different than what many people would model on a stand-alone basis. 2021 EBITDA is burdened by more than $2 billion of cost to achieve. And by the end of that year, we will have incurred over 2/3 of the $15 billion cost to achieve that’s fully embedded in those numbers. 2021 run rate synergies are only 2/3 of the long run level. Again, we have a conservative representation of this model, but we will not hit the $6 billion-plus run rate synergy until 2022. We also do not assume upfront accounting charges for lease payments on decommission sites. We burdened EBITDA as these charges are incurred. And certainly, when we get down to final purchase price allocations, et cetera, you’re most likely would take a charge upfront and paid over time. And this is an inflection of the ongoing cash flows of the company. And by the end of 2021, just to repeat, we will incurred about 2/3 of the $15 billion of cost to achieve. When it comes to SG&A and some of the back-office synergies, which is really that jest of your question there. Yes, we have about $1 billion in savings run rate on back office. So what is that? The savings in IT and billing as well as other fixed G&A. And we also have about a $1 billion in savings and sales, service and marketing. And these are savings from store consolidation, partially offset by increased labor at retail stores to service our full customer base. And we have significant savings in advertising, handset cost, think about the procurement benefits, increased costs for higher quality care, there is an offset to that, and we’ve modeled the care model for the Sprint customer base to be the care model that we deploy at T-Mobile. But the net-net, both the back office and the sales, service and marketing have about $1 billion of run rate synergies. I hope that information is helpful for everyone. And then we just want to get everybody on the same page as you’re absorbing the details on this incredible historic combination that we announced.
John Legere: Okay. Thank you. I’ll turn my microphone on. Yes, it’s been a very busy few days, and kind of in rank order or board meetings, deal announcement, media and employee catch up, and now, we’re in Washington. And obviously, there is a tremendous amount to do here that we’re just starting. We had a number of meetings at the SEC today that went extremely well. Obviously, it’s a start of a process that we want to respect. We have a lot more recessions this year this week and next weekend. We look forward to meeting with the DOJ and everybody else. I would say, my assessment so far is that there is a very good open mind to review all of the aspects of what we feel is an amazing potential opportunity for the country. And so far, our statements that we made about why this makes sense around the opportunity for the country in 5G, things that T-Mobile and Sprint could not do alone that we can do together for the breadth and the depth of 5G network that’s really important, and we’ll cause a change in the country’s trend of competitiveness in 5G. The ability for us, as you see what we’re accomplishing here and what we’re doing for consumers to supercharge that and really bring additional services and additional competition, additional speed as well as price to customers as a result of supercharging the Un-carrier. And then, of course, discussing the fact that in the new company that we will create with Sprint, more people will be employed from day one and on then of the two companies separately. So that conversation has started. I’m very pleased with it. Certainly, over the last 48 hours, I have understood that there is a lot of misconception and a lot of conversation, but our story is strong and I’m extremely confident that it will be approved. So we’ll keep you posted there. It’s a beautiful day in D.C., and I look forward to spending many more here and meeting and discussing this incredible opportunity with everyone that will hear me. So we’ll keep you posted on that. Mike, why don’t you discuss some of the competitive activity.
John Legere: So those are some of the details. I’m just a throw it backup to the highest level for one second. And so when you say, what did people missed. And I’m not sure that people missed anything. For me right now over the past couple of days, I have tremendous knowledge that in various degrees is making its way out to the rest of the world. And it’s in two buckets. And I think part of what we’ve been conversing about a very deeply with investors is the value of this transaction to shareholders. And the value is tremendous as well as our execution ability. What we are extremely confident in our ability to execute against this plan. That’s A. And that will over time become clear to people. Then there is the approval processes. And I also not only know the headline stories that we’ve been telling, the very detailed understandings that underpin those headlines as well as the econometric models and things that will be able to prove. The trick is for these two things to come together and be fully understood at the same time. And I’m very confident that we’ll be able to get that message out. The question is, is it out there yet? And that’s just a matter of time. And I’m very confident that over time those two things will merge. And asking for that to happen in 36 hours is a lot to ask. It may take at least another day. Joking, nonetheless.
John Legere: Last word on it, I mean, we can’t get on all the details, but this is going to be accretive to our business. And so we’ve design this, as Neville said in a way that we’re not concerned about it having capacity impacts on our existing customers and there is some provisions in there that make sure that our customers experience, it’s not going to be affected. But we do have available capacity on this network and we’re now monetizing that within incremental flow of revenue. So we’re really excited about this as a business, and we think it’s going to be accretive to our results assuming that they turn it up and start to use it extensively.
John Legere: And during the goes – hopefully goes, as I said but both our network and on retail, et cetera, our plan through the approval period is business as usual and continuing forward.
John Legere: Yes, every dollar Ric that we need to drive into this network to create this incredible 5G opportunity is covered in the financials that you’ve seen. There is a $40 billion invest in the networking here, which is a fabulous opportunity. And so the scale and pace of everything we need to do here is all in the plan. And then the really incredible thing, and I know this is hard to get your heads around, right, but we’re going to be integrating, and at the same time, we are integrating, we are upgrading all that radio we add on the Sprint keep sites and on the T-Mobile sites is 5G capable. And so this is the piece we’re integrating, we had to go spend that money on a combination anyway. We can now leverage hardware readiness and as we move through this over the next 12 to 18 months and we get started, software readiness on 5G gear. And so the way I look at this, every dollar we spent is a 5G dollar to build. So we getting that as a benefit sometime, it’s the timing got shine on you on these things that’s very much the case here. So not only are we integrating the two networks together, but we’re building this awesome 5G network in the process.
John Legere: Yes. First of all, I think, that should be considered a statement and not a question. But my question is on in the first part.
John Legere: And I really appreciate the content in your question. There’s two parts to it. And I want to be highly respectful to one of them. One of them is, how will decision makers in Washington make their decisions. And that’s not something that, I have the respect that they have their processes, they’re trying to protect competition, protect American consumers, et cetera. Your point though is very consistent with what my and our dialogue will be. The – where are we going? Where is the competitive environment going? Where do consumers want? What do they need? And how should this dialogue be had? I’m not only highly confident about the transaction making tremendous sense under traditional measurements, but under the evolution of what you’re suggesting and what we see as to where things are going in a converged environment. I think it makes tremendous, tremendous sense, but I can prejudge how decision makers are going to evaluate themselves.
John Legere: Yes. And again, so far what my dialogue has been is a very respectful notification of what we’re doing, a strong suggestion to decision makers that they not prejudge and they allow us to prepare all the information and a strong confidence by me that we have the detail in the data to match our headlines. And I do see across the board, a willingness to listen to something that can be strong for consumers and for America on many fronts. So far so good, we’ll continue to plug in. But I want to be highly respectful to a process that’s just beginning and make sure that a lot of my initial contacts are telling that I’m overly willing to engage in detail, and that we do have things to match our headlines and things that are great for the country.
John Legere: Yes, sure. On the ARPU, you got to go back to – what is our strategy? And our strategy is that we’re going to create more terminal value for our shareholders by organically scaling the business and unlocking the margin and realizing that margin expansion as we organically scale versus the monetization of ARPU. So certainly, if the choice was made with a different strategy, there would be opportunities to do more than 1% increase in ARPU, that’s not the model we’re executing to. And Mike made it very, very clear that we have upcoming on carrier moves. We’re going to continue to add value. We’re going to continue to be ultra-aggressive the NewCo put it’s on steroids. And you really need to stay within the overall guidance that we’ve given the marketplace of generally stable. And the churn equation has just been amazing. I’ll turn over Mike – to Mike to talk about some of the operational things that are behind us. But the first thing, I’ll say is first and foremost everything about this fantastic network that no one is team of created that continues to get better by the day. But I’ll turn it over to Mike.
John Legere: Okay. On the business, you asked about business. Yes, you’re right. I mean 2017 was an all time high in record on performance. 1Q again fantastic results 20% of net adds, what’s happening here is that, companies – we’re winning new logos at a historically high rate and we disclose some of that to you in our discussion that’s exciting to see because we’re not just seeing the old favorites doubling down or winning new companies. And we’re winning them after they conduct extensive trials and I really love this, because it kind of, is a predictor of our consumer success that we can look forward to, because consumers buy on reputation and our reputation lags our actual network facts. Business is more on facts because they try them all that they get 100 units of each and take them for weeks at a time and then come back and we’re winning those bids with more new logo development than we’ve ever seen. Now I want to stress couple things. One is that we’re winning what I call stress test customers, airlines, hotel chains, retailers, highly distributed companies that are virtually everywhere that need coverage. So we have virtually all the airlines now we have 8 of the top 10 retailers in the country, 39 state governments et cetera. But the second thing, I want to emphasize is even though that’s great. For all of this amazing success, we’re a four-share, where we’ve become a four-share in this market. And that’s why I want to finish by saying, how excited I am about the new T-Mobile and what it can do in this space? Because this is a massive market, we are gaining share now. But the truth is this combined network, the world’s most advanced 5G network is going to be a game changer when it comes to our relative competitiveness and being able to finally bring real meaningful competition not just to AT&T and Verizon but even to fiber companies, cable companies and others who serve this space. So that’s really exciting and really important. And it’s one of the early investments, we’re going to make. Our business plan is funded for an expansion of our enterprise team. In year one, we’re going to take advantage of this set of capabilities and get after it and we funded our plan in year one to hire aggressively to get after the business market.
John Legere: Got it. Yes, sorry, you asked that, I didn’t answer. Not really, the overall financial profile is similar to a large family plan. So we – cost to acquire churn rates, ARPU rates, there are pros and cons on each side. But they’re not materially different better or worse.
John Legere: So well, I would just say, I’ve been so well behaved today. I hesitate to do this, I think you can describe AT&T’s plan as Buy One Get One customer which is what they were doing very specifically and if you can describe AT&T’s numbers as better than expected. The only thing that we need to change is what expectations are? Because…
John Legere: Yes, it was most horrific print I’ve ever seen. And if you tried to ask part four of a question, while we’re going to put you on the list that you’re already on with the other part of our merger.
Mike Sievert: Of course, we had another comparative quarter. And I think what this quarter’s results show is that when it gets competitive, this company is able to deliver. Just on porting ratios, overall, they were about flat from those elevated levels we saw in Q4. Remember, in Q4, we were up from Q3, which was up from Q2, and we were able to maintain all that. The complexion of that is we advanced versus AT&T and Verizon just a bit. We were down marginally versus Sprint who made in a step forward in porting. Give me a couple of the numbers, AT&T our numbers for 2Q or for 1Q were 1.87, was 1.8 for Verizon, up from 1.7 last quarter versus Sprint it was 1.35, down from 1.45 in the prior quarter. And the trends continue in Q2. Again, a little stronger so far quarter-to-date. So it’s – you saw the numbers with these incredible performance in postpaid, prepaid, postpaid phones, postpaid other across the board. And what turned out to be a really competitive quarter. The story of the quarter was everybody was waiting around on tax season because it was delayed. And so you saw everybody kind of take a pause and then they went crazy. Some try to dip in before tax season, decided they didn’t like it and dipped back out. So it was really interesting to try to watch our competitors navigate through. Our strategy is not really like that. We usually just get our game plan. We put our heads down and we execute it, and it included some value propositions that we announced last fall that we just continued on. And they turned out to be very successful in the results speak for themselves. But thanks for the question.
Mike Sievert: Sure, of course. It’s good business. And that’s why we pursue it. These are products that come in, $10, $20 family lines sort of ARPU levels. And that’s not a lot different than in smartphone that comes in once you have three or four lines in. So it’s just a nice way for us to continue advancing our business with customers. It’s similar to a SyncUP Drive, which is one of the things that connects cars from us. We are on 700,000-plus units into that initiative. And this is just another way for families to take advantage of their connectivity and extend their relationship with us. So the strategy for us with our customers is really simple. Number one, make sure we have brand in a network and a value proposition that attracts families, and go after segments that we’ve historically been underrepresented in. It’s very similar. And number two, have the portfolio of products so that people can deepen their relationship with us. And that’s not measured so much in ARPU as it is measured in whether or not they pick up a variety of these other connections, which are a big source of strength for us. So generally speaking, we’re really pleased with what we’re seeing. And to your point, Apple Watch was a nice surprise hit. I think there was some pent-up demand for connected device from Apple, because that device has been run our third version of it. But this time with built-in connectivity, its turned out to be very popular.
Mike Sievert: Yes. On your business question you’re asking about gross adds and what drives in the industry switching. Couple of things, and Braxton has pointed this out many times in prior quarters. What we execute when we launch each quarter is a balanced plan designed to achieve the net adds and therefore the run rate revenue growth and profit growth that will flow from those. Not designed to achieve the gross adds. And what’s happened is that industry switching has fallen some. You’re going to see that in the churn rate of all the competitors and you have seen it in ours. Historically low churn of 1.07%. What that means is, you could look at clinically and say whether is less opportunity to grow, we look at it and say, we actually don’t have to do as much to get the net adds in an environment like that. And that’s a good thing if you’re a net gainer. For us, we can go get the growth that we need and we go get as much as we plan to get and keep our plan in balance. That’s why you see our EBITDA profile improving, guidance being raised again this quarter on that front because it’s really working. So there are less switches in the market. That means we don’t need as many gross adds to deliver on our net plan that we committed to and they are certainly financial benefits to that. You asked about the complexion of the growth. Here’s something going on. Number one, it is more rural and small town than it used to be. And it really shows the expansion of the stores is kicking in and helping. It’s fantastic to see all-time highs in rural, suburban, smaller town growth. It’s more prime than it’s been in a long time. It’s really not to see prime suburban families picking T-Mobile at some of the highest levels we’ve seen. Another piece that’s very encouraging is a higher proportion of our net adds are coming from new accounts, not just data lines. And that was a great development in 1Q and we’re seeing it continue into Q2, all three of these trends, so really nice to see. Last thing I’ll point out on all this, is that the big iconic launch of the quarter came late. The GS9 came in March and that affected things throughout the playbook like upgrade rates, as well as the total number of switches in the switching pool.
Mike Sievert: I mean, so thanks for the question, Cathy. So the way to think about the synergies is 35,000 sites worth of decommissioned site volume over the integration period. There’s also about 16,000 sites that both companies would have built on their own that we won’t now need to build. And so the synergy volume is driven by over 50,000 sites worth of effectively avoided OpEx. So if you – it’s pretty easy to map out. You can put $70,000, $80,000 a year on a site. You do that on 50,000 sites, and you’ve got your run rate. That’s fairly straightforward math. So that’s where – that’s the quick breakdown for you. There’s other synergistic cost obviously in terms of the core and small cells and other pieces, but that’s the major foundational piece is the 50,000 avoided sites.
Mike Sievert: Could you want follow-up on stores. The plan here obviously is, we’re going to build additional stores in rural areas and areas that neither company reaches. So that’s the big part of the plan. And within areas that both companies operate, there’s a rationalization of store footprint. What’s interesting is, our plan covers costs associated with employing many of the people as we rationalize those stores in a most concentrated way in the remaining stores. Because remember, when you still have all these customers to take care of in traffic in stores, whether it’s in two store or one store tends to be a function of the customer sites. We’re still going to need an awful lot of these people, but we’re going to change around where they work and be much more efficient with where they’re located and save a lot in leasing over time, et cetera.
Mike Sievert: That’s exactly right. I mean, I think you’re seeing churn rates fall across the board and we’re really delighted that we’re seeing our historically lowest churn rates ever. We’re not giving guidance on this metric. But we remain really optimistic about it. We may continue to see new benchmarks being hit here. And it has to do with the network. And the network – what’s happening it’s interesting, we’re reaching in the next couple years, the end of the 4G LTE lifecycle and plunging into 5G and what you’re seeing is a maturation of networks, where if you back up two and three and four years ago, network was a major point of difference for one or two of the players in this market. And they were – it was their reason for being, it was Verizon’s reason for being that advantage has been removed. We have a mature LTE environment now. And T-Mobile has certainly put itself in a position where there’s nobody out there, that can differentiate on network versus us anymore. And you see that in our rate. Secondly, people are sticking with their smartphones a lot longer, and you’ve seen these upgrade rates, hit historic lows, since the smartphone boom began and smartphone changing is a time when you can consider changing carriers. So that’s been another contributor. Both of these trends are trends that we see in our business, potentially continuing to develop. I think this new company the new T-Mobile has a chance to create a new kind of network-based competition that could drive switching again. And we intend to be a very fierce competitor on value, on price and on network. And we think there’s a chance to drive real differentiation back into the market on network. But basically, that traditional advantage of that horizon used to have in network is gone. They don’t know what to do about it. In the meantime, our business is driving as a result.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Let me start Scott. So the speeds and incredible kind of capacities and performance, capabilities that Mike talked about, they come from this unique opportunity between Sprint and T-Mobile to combine on an incredible set of spectrum assets. 600 megahertz, obviously, the spectrum we secured in the auction not too long ago and we’ve been deploying at a furious pace the 2, 2.5 gig spectrum we should roughly point out from Sprint. The timelines by which we can achieve these types of speeds and capabilities will be reforming other spectrum assets that we have within the company, PCS spectrum for example. And on top, in the dense urban environments where we do believe, you can deploy a millimeter wave. But it needs to be in the right locations and it’s going to be sparsely deployed in urban environments because of the propagation constraints. But you put all of those spectrum assets to work. And the result and capabilities are just all inspiring. But the line share of the capability here is coming from the combination of the existing assets millimeter wave helps on top, the 2.5 gig brings an incredible capability and the combination of these two companies allows that 2.5 gig spectrum to be committed to 5G at a pace and scale that you couldn’t do otherwise on your own. So it’s results an incredible capacity story. I think then if you look at millimeter wave auctions and clearly there’s going to be an auction this year, 28 gig and it’s going to carry along 24 gig too. We are interested and we’ve been very clear both companies will determine that paths forward independently on those auctions. And so millimeter wave is still going to be a material interest to us as a company. And then you mention CBRS and soon we hope, or at some point in time, that’ll be a C band auction. And all of those spectrum assets are going to be important to lookout and consider.
Mike Sievert: Yes. That’s great, Walt. I’m sure we can provide some color here and there. When we start breaking it down into segments. The challenge for that is we got some great things we’re doing and pockets of opportunity that we find. And it’s very competitively sensitive in a competitive market for us to slice and dice it for you. But I don’t see any reason, why we can’t provide some additional color here and there on an occasional basis.
Braxton Carter: I’d just add Mike, it’s our postpaid devices in addition to our 670,000 phone additions. So its – if you look at our full portfolio for what we’re adding into customers, its – I will leave it at that.
Braxton Carter: Yes. Hey, thanks for the open invitation because there are some more things I’d like to communicate. Just to make sure everybody is on the same page.
Braxton Carter: The first thing, we talks about run rate synergies of $6 billion-plus. I want to emphasize that’s pretax. We’ve talked about cost to achieve a $15 billion and gave you more details on this call. That’s pretax. And we’ve talked about the MPV of the synergies being an amazing $43 billion-plus. The MPV is discounted at an 8% [indiscernible] and is post the tax effect. So I just want to make sure everybody is aligned on those. The other thing that I would add, and then I’ll turn it over to Mike. The portion of CapEx versus OpEx in this synergies. And in the slide deck, we said 93% of these were OpEx synergies and the balance was CapEx synergies. But I think, an important part when you’re taking all the information, I know there is a lot to absorb here, but the CapEx synergies are net of avoided capital cost because we have so much existing network asset to work from. And that avoided cost is about $8 billion of CapEx that otherwise the two individual stand-alone companies would have incurred. And that’s an offset to the total cost into the $15 billion of cost to achieve, which is truly the cash outlay that needs to happen during this period. So those were other things that I wanted to pass on. And then I’ll turn it over to Mike.
Braxton Carter: Yes, sure. It’s $500 million to $600 million for T-Mobile. And I think Sprint is having their call later this week. I really should not speak about Sprint from a stand-alone. And I think it’s probably more appropriate to ask them that question at the tail end of this week when they announce.
Braxton Carter: I’ll tell you what, the answer is yes. And that’s why we talked about it on Sunday. When Neville shared those network capacity numbers that we have clear line of side in a detailed integration plan to get 15 times our national average and speeds with the potential for a 100 times. Let’s just do that math. 15 times, he just told you that our national average speed is 33 megabits per second. That’s not peak speeds or urban speeds, that include every town, village and hamlet in this country on average. That means that’s going to 450 megabits per second within the planning horizon of this business. As a national average, not a place to get in some parts of some towns like our competitors millimeter wave strategies that can go higher than that in very isolated places. So what you do with a nationwide average of 450 megabits per second. Well, first you recognize that’s way higher than most people get in to home broadband today. So of course, we can be a competitor in that space. And this is a market that is incredibly underserved. 53% of broadband – high-speed broadband customers have only one choice for high-speed broadband in their area. So there’s a huge opportunity here for us to bring real competitiveness to that market for the first time. Now secondly, we acquired Layer3 TV last year with the aspiration of entering the TV business. Those aspirations obviously, get ratchet it up in the context of bringing together Sprint and T-Mobile. Because now you have a network, where you can provide this all IPTV service not just through their home broadband connection or under their smartphone, but through a wireless alternative to their home broadband as well. So T-Mobile’s in the position as a new T-Mobile to be able to offer a quad play if that’s what the market wants. And we don’t know what the marketer want. They don’t ask for services in the context of the industries that built all that capital a while back. They don’t think about it as a cable industry and the wireless industry, which happened to be named as, John has pointed in the past, for capital we all deployed years ago. They just want great services. This new company will be uniquely positioned to be able to compete across all three segments of the rapidly converging market, distributing entertainment to people wherever they maybe including their home, serving their home Internet needs and serving their wireless needs as when they’re on the go.
Braxton Carter: I had a very important e-mail question that just came in. And if it wasn’t clear before, I want to definitively state that our EBITDAs and our margins that we gave pro forma for NewCo include all costs to achieve an integration expenses. Now I realize from an accounting standpoint that stuff is typically separated. It’s very important for everybody to understand that those margins are inclusive of all the cost to achieve.
Braxton Carter: So thanks everybody for tune in and it’s been quite the week so far. We look forward to speaking again very soon another great quarter for T-Mobile coming up and more importantly, we just can’t convey how we’re excited about taking the end carrier in super charging it with the creation of this new company. So with that we’ll turn it over to the operator.
Neville Ray: Yes, I’ll just to add on and be brief. I mean, the main focus here is to provide the Sprint customers LTE service where they don’t have that service today effectively. So it’s LTE coverage in as Braxton said in many areas of the country, it allows the Sprint customers to leverage the breadth and depth of the T-Mobile network and the expensive footprint that we put down on LTE.
Neville Ray: Absolutely, Jonathan. That’s the whole intent. I mean, we modeled this thing through the geographic areas and so on and we’re not worried on that front.
Neville Ray: Yes, thanks, Ric. So quickly on the cost to achieve this, a big chunk of that is obviously prepaid rent and ETLs on backhaul on the sites that we’re going to decommission. So in terms of timing, which I think is the core of your question, I mean, the integration period, we’ve been very successful with Metro. It was about two years from when we started. Obviously, many more markets to run at, although the scale of the markets aren’t that much greater when you look at, customer base is being migrated compared to Metro. But two to three year integration period, at the end of that, you’re in a position to start curtailing and decommissioning sites. And so that’s when the cost to achieve starts to kick in, probably year three through year four, somewhere in that timeframe, but somewhat dependent on how we trial through on the integration front. But as Braxton said, we’re very confident. We really know how to do this. We have an excellent playbook to model and replicate and work through.
Neville Ray: Yes, they have underlying voice, right from – on the CDMA side. The issue that we’re trying to address and work together on is LTE data coverage. That’s what we do with the agreement.
