Jud Henry: All right. Welcome to T-Mobile's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor fact book, and other documents related to our results as well as reconciliations between GAAP and the non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the quarterly results section of the Investor Relations website. With that, let me turn it over to Mike.
Jud Henry: Thanks, Peter. All right, let's get to your questions. You can ask questions via phone by pressing star one and via Twitter by sending a tweet to @TMobileIR or @MikeSievert using $TMUS. Let's start with a question on the phone. Operator first question, please.
Jud Henry: That is all the time we have today. But again, we really appreciate everybody joining us. If you have any other questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations or Media Relations team, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you everyone.
Peter Osvaldik: All right. Thanks, Mike. It's such a pleasure to watch this team reliably deliver on our commitments, and we did it yet again with another strong quarter in Q3. Our industry-leading growth in postpaid customer accounts resulted in the best postpaid service revenue growth once again, up 7% year-over-year. Our disciplined focus on driving profitability translated at strong service revenue growth, combined with our continued execution on merger synergies, into year-over-year core adjusted EBITDA growth of over 11%. That increase in customers and profitability is driving industry-leading operating and free cash flow expansion and further unlocks the massive cash flow potential of our business. These robust operating results also enabled us to achieve two major financial milestones. First, we're extremely proud to have reached an investment-grade rating from all three major agencies, opening access to a much deeper and cost effective capital pool for the company. We also closed our first asset-backed securities issuance related to our equipment receivables, which provides yet another established and attractive capital source as we continue to be opportunistic in optimizing both our capital structure and cost. And second, as Mike mentioned, we commenced the significant share repurchase program in September, and we repurchased 4.9 million shares for a total purchase price of $669 million in Q3. Cumulatively, through October 20th, we have repurchased 10.9 million shares for a total purchase price of $1.5 billion. Also in Q3, we announced the planned sale of our wireline business, which resulted in a pretax loss of $1.1 billion that had substantially no cash impact to the quarter. This includes the financial liability associated with the commercial take-or-pay, the impairment to the carrying value of the associated assets and other cost to sell. The transaction is not expected to have any material financial impact to 2023 based on the expected closing timeline. All right, let's jump into the details of our increased guidance for 2022. We now expect total postpaid net customer additions to be between 6.2 million and 6.4 million, up 150,000 at the midpoint, reflecting both the great execution of our differentiated growth strategy and progress on a reducing churn. We continue to expect nearly half of postpaid net adds, coming from phones for the full year. Turning to core adjusted EBITDA, we now expect full year 2022 to be between $26.2 billion and $26.4 billion, up 11% year-over-year at the midpoint and up $150 million from our prior guidance, driven by our profitable growth in service revenues and increased merger synergies. Core adjusted EBITDA excludes leasing revenues, which we expect to be between $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion as we continue to transition Sprint customers off device leasing. We now expect merger synergies to be between $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion, up $250 million at the midpoint, primarily as we unlock more network savings driven by accelerated site decommissioning. Merger-related costs, which are not included in core adjusted EBITDA are expected to be between $4.8 billion and $5 billion before taxes, primarily representing network decommissioning activities. Net cash provided by operating activities, which include payments for merger-related costs, are now expected to be in the range of $16.3 billion to $16.5 billion, up 18% year-over-year at the midpoint and up $250 million from the prior guidance. Turning to cash CapEx, we now expect it to be between $13.7 billion and $13.9 billion, which is up $200 million at the midpoint, reflecting the ongoing robust pace of our 5G deployment and success in high speed internet where we capitalize the routers. Together, we now expect free cash flow, including payments for merger-related costs to be in the range of $7.4 billion to $7.6 billion, higher by $50 million at the midpoint. This results in free cash flow increasing by more than 30% over last year, even with the higher levels of investments and does not assume any material net cash inflows from securitization. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be between 17% and 19% based on favorability, primarily from non-recurring benefits we've seen year-to-date. Additionally, we continue to expect postpaid phone ARPU to be up approximately 2% for the full year, driven by continued customer adoption of value added services, including Magenta MAX. And with greater success in attracting new to T-Mobile customers with high speed internet, we now expect full year postpaid ARPA to be up in the mid-to-high 2% range. And with that, I will now turn the call back to Jud to begin the Q&A.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Well there hasn't been a lot of that yet Craig. I mean, we announced our transaction with Columbia Capital that again, is subject to regulatory approval and would close six months thereafter. But again, as I think about the long-term trajectory of this business, we laid out obviously our set of mid- and long-term aspirations in Analyst Day, and there are some service revenue margins that are inferred from there. But this has been a question that's come up multiple times in terms of the competitive set and where do we land relative to the competitive set. And the most important thing to look at, because it is what powers the growth of the ability to both return shareholder to capital, to invest further in the business and to continue this flywheel success is how are you able to translate that service revenue into free cash flow? And that's where we're tremendously proud and excited about the opportunity ahead of us. And you see, even with our Analyst Day projections for 2023, even before we get the full run rate cash potential of this business in the later periods, we're projected to convert service revenue into free cash flow as a leader in this industry. And so that's really what we're laser-focused on. It gets rid of the question of leased fiber versus owned fiber, takes all that noise out of it and really shows you the value creation capability of this business.
Peter Osvaldik: I might just say one or two things to emphasize a couple that you said. 5G is more and more becoming the network. And so one of the ways that we're measuring our success in 5G is how are we succeeding in overall network perception, how are people perceiving that T-Mobile competes overall in the marketplace against our two main competitors. And I think increasingly, you're seeing us close the perception gap. You're also seeing us win awards for overall network leadership that we had never won before, and Neville can double-click into some of those. I think the way that we'll continue to talk about this is coverage in places where customers really care about and with our Coverage Beyond move, we've featured coverage both on the ground, the best 5G network, and increasingly, the best network when you're on the ground, covered when you're in the air and covered internationally. And I think you'll start to see more and more of these use cases emerge about experiences that both businesses and consumers can appreciate as we progress over the next couple of years that we'll feature and talk a little bit more about the kinds of experiences that could be unlocked by a leading network. Final words to quantify that for you. Now that 5G usage is most of the usage and 5G devices are most of the devices, we're seeing our 5G lead take root, not just in reputation and reality, but in quantitative measures. So for example, the Ookla data that came back said our average customer is experiencing speeds twice as fast as just a year ago, average customer, regardless of device type, and twice as fast as they can get from AT&T or Verizon. And that's very powerful because they noticed that, and they tell other people about it. Did you have a follow-up question? I was just starting to hear you jump in.
Peter Osvaldik: Perfect. So I'll let Jon talk about Magenta Max. But really, I mean, the trajectory of ARPU has just been just such a success this year. And when you think about the history of T-Mobile and even the plans that we had anticipated during Analyst Day when we came out, the ability to have Magenta Max be such a tailwind and allow us to get to the point where we're increasing ARPU guidance year-over-year and expecting a 2% increase is just phenomenal. But at the same time, as you know, ARPU is very much a mix-driven metric. And one of the reasons why we're so focused on ARPU itself, and just some of the examples are, of course, as you deepen relationships, for example, with our Sprint customers, as we saw migration happen, we had an opportunity to expand relationships. And so while that second, third, fourth line is obviously a lower ARPU and can impact blended ARPU, it's tremendously accretive from a CLV perspective. So that's one. In business where you're seeing some of the success in business, large enterprise, obviously, has a lower blended ARPU basis than what you typically see, but it's a tremendously CLV accretive business to bring in. Our segmentation approach, 55-plus that's bringing in such a significant amount of prime customers and driving switching is another one where you see ARPU may be mixture differently than what we see on a blended average, but high CLVs. And so that's part of the reason why you've always heard us focus on ARPA and the strategy to land and continue to expand the relationships, both with more phones, but also beyond the phone, such as with fixed wireless. And that's where we're seeing mid to high 2% year-over-year increase in ARPA. So that gives me a lot of comfort there. And I do think with ARPU, you're going to see a mixture of things happen. But Magenta Max has just been such a great tailwind. And I'd love to give Jon the opportunity to brag about it a little.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. As I reflect back on Analyst Day, what we said is there's a lot of opportunity and, to your point, Mike, so much has changed. When we just think about where the macroeconomic situation is now, certainly, I can rattle off a lot of things that have changed since then such as the DISH relationship and our ability to secure a long-term arrangement that while it's under the Analyst Day assumptions, it still secures about three quarters of that revenue. But we've had so much success in the business as well. The share-taking that we anticipated has happened. What we've seen from Magenta MAX as a tailwind from an ARPA and ARPU perspective has been just tremendous. And we talked about how a lot of the inflationary impacts – well, of course, they're happening on the edges in terms of bad debt, in the macroeconomic environment and labor. And you saw the moves that we made early on to address labor with our rate changes. We've been insulated from a lot of that because, again, I think a lot of the brilliant moves that were done on the part of Neville and team to secure just long-term arrangements with a lot of our large cost categories. So in a sense, as you said, Mike, so much of the world has changed since then. And there's been so many puts and takes. But the success of this team gives us confidence in achieving those audacious goals that we set out there for 2023. And we're looking forward, obviously. This is not the time to update 2023 guide. I'd like to. Maybe I can treat that later. But what we'll do is we'll, of course, update you on that at our Q4 call and looking forward to that.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Absolutely. And as you'd expect, Dave, obviously, we consider all of those things. But frankly, there's no serious discussion happening around that now. And that's probably because you'll have to ask SoftBank, but I would assume that they much like we assume that this was going to happen, right? And that delivery on this plan and those audacious goals that we gave out to you would achieve $150 a share. And so there really are no significant ongoing discussions at the moment around that, probably because that's exactly what SoftBank assumes. So – and I got to tell you, we're just – we're so pleased on being able to start that share buyback earlier on the success of the integration progress, the business progress as well as achieving core family investment-grade rating and to be able to begin a significant share buyback program early. Now I will remind you on the SoftBank shares, that $48.8 million, it does come with some restrictions. You were asking me about what happens in terms of them selling those shares, and we hope they'll be long-term holders with us, but that's a question for them. But there are restrictions on their ability to sell those shares. That's part of the agreement between them and DT that's public out there. For example, they can't sell any of those shares at DT is not at 51% ownership at a minimum. There's a certain amount they can't sell through the end of 2024 no matter what. They have some ability to monetize a portion of those shares, not via sale, but other mechanics that they might employ, but there's some restrictions there that everybody should keep in mind in terms of the SoftBank shares.
Mike Sievert: Not at all. In fact, the capacity picture is actually more sector by sector than market by market, and that's sort of what makes it different than other models. Just to kind of remind everybody how this works. So we took the entire country and looked at every sector of every tower and predicted mobile usage for years to come through share taking and additional mobile usage per device. And then looked at each sector, whether or not to approve addresses in that sector. And then once we get enough addresses in that sector, which is very rarely achieved so far, we stop approving addresses in that sector And so it's not really a market-by-market basis. And it's also therefore not a model that requires us to allocate significant extra capital, meaning we can go after this market very, very cost effectively because the network is substantially complete only for mobile usage. It's just a fantastic model. When we laid that out for people in 2021, we said that we saw that particular model getting us to six to eight million postpaid homes, and that would be about the model. But that doesn't mean we might not go beyond that. We'll have to watch how it all unfolds. And we just really like this run rate, it's competitive, it's rapidly growing. I love the fact that the premise of your question is why the slowdown only as many net adds as AT&T, Verizon, Comcast and Charter combined, what's going wrong with your model? It's a fantastic place for us to be. But the answer to your question specifically is no, other than in some particular neighborhoods where we have lots of neighbors all joining on at once, we're not seeing any issues with capacity. And remember, and I'll ask Neville to finish this answer, we're only getting started when it relates to applying the capacity. It's not a finite quantum. In fact, right now we have 120 megahertz is it deployed in the mid-band ultra-capacity? And we're on our way to 200. Maybe you can talk about the journey because it's not a fixed capacity story.
Mike Sievert: One thing I love about this – just to wrap it is that I mentioned this in my remarks, but the net promoter scores that we're seeing on this product are just fantastic. And people love this product because it's lower price and because it does exactly what it promises. And for us it's really, really important that we keep all of that in balance on our journey to millions and millions of home served. So great. Thanks, Jonathan.
Mike Sievert: Okay, great. Let's start with the second question about bringing on leased spectrum, what's the margin trajectory, where can margins get, I'll start with Peter.
Mike Sievert: Well, I mean, if you total the people that we reach right now, it's 250 million with Ultra Capacity. And with C-band and other forms of Ultra Wideband as Verizon calls it, that's where they hope to be by their public disclosures over two years from now. And so years ago, I said we were two years ahead in this 5G race. And in two years, we'd still be two years ahead. That continues to appear to be the case, even though our competitors are now in rapid deployment of their C-band assets. And of course, they are different assets. Ours is underpinned on one 5G network with a 5G stand-alone core by a massive low-band 5G network that reaches 97% of Americans. And that's a huge difference maker as well, and we see it in all kinds of scenarios, including even the resiliency of our network. When issues happen with a storm or something, we can beam in from miles away and save the day with a very high capacity 5G signal on low-band. And those things are very important to our customers, they notice.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Great. I'm going to go turn to, just so you have a heads up, to Peter and to Jon on ARPU and Magenta Max. On churn, I'll just personalize it. I'm not going to be satisfied until we're the lowest. Magenta was the lowest. Right now, we're number two on churn. I want to be number one. And we have the best network and the best value and a team that loves its customers. We should make our way to number one. I can't really outlook for you the journey because it's a competitive marketplace. Our competitors aren't standing still. I respect them. But I think with our team and our assets and our unique proposition, we should be number one. We're not going to probably be unpacking it for you a lot more than that. We used to do that here's the T-Mobile and give you some color on the churn and how many people and Sprint starting to look just like Magenta now, et cetera, because the premise of your question was accurate. We've shut down the Sprint network. We hope the billing migration that happens in 2023 will be largely invisible to customers. And so yes, we have a lot of work to do. We need to get them under commitment. We need to get them on the right plans, give them the full uncarrier benefit. There's some improvement we can undertake still, but it's one customer base. And we're going to be focused on how do we improve churn for that one customer base, and I won't be satisfied until we're number one. Okay. So turning to ARPU and ARPU development and Magenta Max and what we're hearing from customers, Peter and Jon.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Before we go back to the phone, I want to go out to Twitter where we're seeing questions come in. We have a question from Roger Entner and a similar one from @LinkedIn, right. So I'll go with Roger's version. So it's a question for Callie Field and TFB. In what business sector do you see the most success? Where are you gaining traction? Is it SMB, midsize or large enterprises? And maybe I'll also add to the question, Callie, because all of the competitors said in their calls, business is going fine. Business is going fine. So what's going on? We just said business is going fine. How can it be going fine for everybody? So maybe if you can answer both.
Mike Sievert: So two things are happening, right. So one, we're taking their share. That's just very clearly happening, and that's exactly what we told you would happen because of the superior network and the better value. But secondly, the pressure is a little bit being taken off of our competitors, which I think is a good thing, by the category expansion that Callie just talked about. And we forecasted this for you a while back. We told you that we thought, because of this really tight labor pool, that employees – employers would be looking at all kinds of way to retain employees, and great phone plans are certainly one of those. And this hybrid workplace that companies find themselves in has persisted longer than a lot of people predicted. And now with employees distributed outside the office, employee sponsored phone plans become a more important piece. And so you see growth in the sector, which I think takes a little pressure off of the underlying dynamic, which is we’re taking their share. Okay. So let’s go back to the phone for the next one.
Mike Sievert: Well, just that normalization is starting to happen. You see these last couple quarters, overall postpaid growth was more moderate, and yet our performance is fantastic. And so it does underscore what Peter said, which is our strategy isn’t actually predicated deeply on category expansion. It’s predicated on share taking something we consistently and reliably do quarter after quarter. Now there’s – as I mentioned, there’s some pressure being taken off. Prepaid continues to contribute to postpaid but at more modest levels, business expansion is happening. And that’s a newer phenomenon. And by the way, that looks to us to be partly incremental. So some people are actually carrying two phones around and so that’s good for the category. And we’ll have to see what happens. But what’s different, of course about our strategy, as Peter said, is that unlike our competitors, we have big growing under penetrated segments where we are positioned to win with the team, the assets and the value proposition that resonates. And we’re proving that that’s true quarter in and quarter out. I think that’s one of the things that makes our story a little different.
Mike Sievert: So it was the single biggest capital deployment quarter of the single biggest year in our business plan for capital. So you should look more tired than you are.
Mike Sievert: So that means you’re touching the network with upgrades and decommissionings at the highest rate in our history, while being the only player with year-over-year churn improvements, 8 basis points and beating Verizon for the second quarter in a row. When you touch a network there’s people – some people get affected very temporarily. That’s powerful. And it really shows the planfulness of the build that we were able to do that’s substantial of a set of improvements and yet simultaneously deliver churn improvements showing that customers are noticing and they’re not just noticing pardon our dust, they’re noticing improvements.
Mike Sievert: And with that stall tactic – Neville and I can just bro out on network all afternoon while you guys watch, or if the operator’s back, we can take a question.
Mike Sievert: Yes, I'll start. No, it doesn't mean that. And because, again, our business plan on fixed wireless is essentially an incremental capital free plan. Now if we look at – to the previous question about we're learning and there's opportunity and we're growing increasingly confident, if we look at that fixed wireless space and decide to augment our capital-free business plan with an additional business plan that's burdened with some capital, we'll let you know about that. We won't surprise you with that. But that's something we wouldn't completely rule out because we have great assets. We've barely tapped our millimeter wave assets. We have fantastic mid-band. The recent auction has given us potential access soon as soon as those licenses are assigned to significant additional mid-band in areas where we actually already have the towers deployed. And that's fascinating. Well, this is the first auction that's like that where our winning bids, when they are assigned, we have already deployed the radios to – by the end of this year to 13,000 towers, reaching 45 million people. It's like flipping a switch. Neville is going – it's not like flipping a switch. For me, it's like flipping a switch.
Mike Sievert: Great. Well, maybe we'll have Peter start with the first one. I'll just give you a premise on it, which is ever since we wrote this business plan during the merger and then gave you our outlooks for what we thought we could accomplish, we've always been assuming that, that dilution event is coming because it's only $150 where it would trigger, and that's all the way out to, what, 2025, I think. And so our minds have always been, yes, that's on its way. It's sort of nothing new. I hope we're right about that. But maybe, Peter, you can talk about the question, which is how do we address the overhang, and is there any interplay with the share buyback? And then we'll get to the second piece about share.
Mike Sievert: Right. And then on the churn bubble, look, I mean time will tell whether or not what we're seeing in the competitive dynamic is long-term or short-term. I mean to us, these last few quarters have looked like really consistent competitive mill use. Yes, it's very competitive out there. Yes, our competitors sort of stepped in it by jacking people up with price increases while they're stuck into phone payment plans and surprising them that way. And I do think, by the way, that there's a difference in philosophy between our companies. Our company is absolutely obsessed with the power of our brand. And for a decade now, we have been building fame and trust as the company that puts you first those customers, that gives you the best value and that changes the rules of this industry in your favor. And our competitors saw inflation as an excuse to go grab some short-term money and said, don't worry, it'll all be over in a few weeks. I mean some people will leave, and there will be a bubble, but then it's all over. And of course, it's not all over. People don't forget that. That's the power of brand. And we've shown that for a decade now what happens when you gain fame as a customer advocate. We're all duking it out on the network side now that T-Mobile has become competitive, and we've got the best 5G, and that's rapidly transforming into the best network. And you could say that perception-wise, there is a lot of similarity these days. It's not even close on value and customer trust and Net Promoter Score. We're up this year. They're down. Our fame for having the best value is twice theirs. It's not even close, and they made it worse this year. And so we'll see how that unfolds. Yes, I bet you that there will be some short-term effects that may be the initial onslaught of people leaving because of what they did to their customers might slow down. But in terms of the word-of-mouth value and the ability for us to perpetuate our ongoing success built on our fame is the customer advocate that gets better and better with the passage of time because they're carriers, and we're the un-carrier.
Neville Ray: Yes, I’ll just build on your comments, Mike. I would say, Jonathan, the reverse is happening. We are just coming off the back of a tremendous quarter, actually our busiest quarter since close of the merger with Sprint. In terms of how many sites we modernized and upgraded with mid-band 5G. And so the footprint is expanding which is tremendous. We're also adding more spectrum across the footprint, both the existing and the new footprint. And that's not just in 2.5 gigahertz now, we're also adding PCS in the 1900 megahertz band to those sites. So we have more sites and more spectrum coming online as we move through the future months and years for the company. And it's not just that, right. The other great piece is that 5G is becoming more efficient. We are rapidly moving to all SA, all standalone. And what does that mean? It means we can leverage and transport all of that home internet traffic on a pure 5G lane. So that's more efficient, it's more spectrally efficient. And from a performance perspective, of course, we get better latency. So we are still in the early innings of rolling out this mid-band network. Obviously we have a tremendous leadership position, but in terms of our ability to support the numbers we've talked about by 2025, we're in a good place. And as Mike said, we will continue to work to see if we can beat those opportunities.
Neville Ray: Yes, I’ll hit these quick, Mike. So we’ve talked about how we’ve effectively completed our network integration. And a big part of that was not just decom, it was incorporating literally thousands upon thousands of Sprint sites into the T-Mobile network. And that’s the definition of this term that’s used at keep sites. And that work is in the majority now complete too. So this last quarter, a lot of decom, a lot of these keep sites were upgraded and brought on air. And so we’ve made – it was just a cracking quarter for us with all the 5G build too. So really, really pleased to have the vast majority of all of that work behind us. And now we can move on with continued expansion of coverage and performance in 5G.
Neville Ray: Thankfully, I have a great team. Thank you, guys. But yes, I think last quarter, Mike was the busiest network quarter in the company’s history. I don’t think we’ve ever seen the level of delivery and performance on decom, on new sites, on modernization. It was a remarkable set of performance characteristics.
Neville Ray: And there was an intense focus from the team on obviously churn management, but more importantly the customer experience throughout that process. And as we moved into 2022, we were way, way better at executing on the plan. We put together some time back. Quickly on voice over NR. So we always seem to forget to bring voice along with the next generation of technology. We’ve done it multiple times now. But I see us as in a leader leadership position globally. We have a voice over NR, so 5G voice live in several markets. We continue to test, we continue to optimize. Why is that important? It’s important because we want to have all of our traffic, all of that customer experience on a 5G lane. Today, we have to drop our customers down off of that 5G lane onto LTE. And we’ve talked before about how we see our business as an all 5G network and having VoNR and that voice service is critical to executing on that strategy and making sure we have a full 5G network with full standalone capability. So we’re making progress, still got work to do. I’m not going to say it’s where we want it to be yet. But I’m confident over the next couple of quarters we will materially expand that footprint.
Neville Ray: I'll just add quickly. I mean, obviously, the modernization of the network continues on, but we've achieved so much to date. I mean we're way ahead of our competition. I mean we're not in – we're majority complete on our network modernization and the addition of those mid-band radios. We still have more to do, and that's going to continue into 2023 and 2024, and that will continue to open up more opportunity, as we referenced earlier, for fixed wireless. I think the other piece we will continue to make, coverage investments. These networks continue to grow. Customer demands continue to grow. We have great growth, as Callie referenced in our business and enterprise space. We need to feed that. We've got work to do still in small town rural America. So our CapEx profile is feeding both. It's all back to delivering that overall best network experience. And it's the combination of 5G. And everything we add on coverage is 5G capable, of course. So the network, as Mike K. referenced earlier on, is all about 5G. And we have a great leadership position, and our plan as we go forward is to extend that.
