John J. Legere - T: Neville, why don't you give an overview from a network standpoint on 5G? Opening this Pandora's box to Neville by the time his answer's done, 5G handsets may be available.
John J. Legere - T: Yeah. Mike, I would just like to add. A lot of questions have come in and our statements about the quarter have made it very clear that our growth is being driven by, amongst other things, geographic expansion and serving segments like 55+, Military and Business, et cetera, that have heretofore been underserved. We have a great leader Mike Katz, who's running TFB, as they call it, T-Mobile for Business. I would say the energy of that organization has surged possibly the most inside our company, in addition to business customers having now a network experience that's different and a care experience that's different. T-Mobile for Business is adding a significant part to our growth and the fascinating part is we are a significant low share player to what has dominated by the duopoly and a very unsatisfied base. So not just now but as we move through the merger with Sprint, this is a gigantic bringing of competition to an area that is desperately needed. And our success in this space has so much more to follow. So we're very, very proud of that team.
John J. Legere - T: And I think the fun part is, as Mike said, 5% share, but almost the rest of it is held by the bad guys who the customers absolutely are waiting every day to leave, which is beautiful. So the two together suggest, Kyle, (00:42:19) you had a – I was waiting for Kyle (00:42:21) to be asking follow-up questions, but I realized he's not on. So we're done (00:42:25). All right, operator, let's take the next question on the phone.
John J. Legere - T: Yeah. Those are all great questions. And certainly, it's been a – wireless, in general, is a very competitive market. And we hear – quarter in and quarter out, we hear it's highly competitive, it's not competitive. And we consistently drive right through that. I would say its steady competitive environment. The cable players are clearly coming into this space. I'll comment on that in a second. From a standpoint of what's happening between us and the major players, obviously, as you see from the postpaid phone nets that we're growing significantly faster than everybody. Postpaid porting on Q3 was about 1.73, very strong. Think about these numbers. That's an overall average 1.73 to 1. And that's about as high as we've seen since about Q1 of 2017 outside of last quarter. So these last two quarters, these are very high numbers. We would expect Q4 to be strong as well. Q4 is a fascinating quarter. October's kind of a quieter period. But if you look us, say, starting last weekend and going through where we are now, yeah, the postpaid porting was about 1.7%, so it's kind of in that range, strong, feel very good about it, feel good about it for the quarter. And I would say the cable guys are definitely here. Couple of things. Comcast has had a pretty steady flow of a couple hundred thousand nets. My assessment is those are coming almost exclusively from Verizon. So, you dust the 5G focus on fixed broadband, et cetera, but we are not feeling that major pressure from them. It's too early to tell for Charter. And I would say the one thing that should be noted, these are very deep pockets. We're used to seeing these in the duopolists. And now, you've got really big companies that seem to be willing to spend tremendous amounts of money on – I mean, I think Comcast's dropped about $178 million to get 222,000 customers. That's not really scalable and they should've just handed that money to Verizon to push those customers over to them. But it makes for a very competitive environment. We feel very comfortable in what we're doing and the response and what brings customers to T-Mobile, but there are clearly two additional players in the wireless space now in Comcast and Charters, and I'm sure others to follow.
John J. Legere - T: And a footnote on what Neville has said and these are things that have been part of our filings and story because, obviously, we're quite limited in how much we can do outside of planning with Sprint during this pre-approval period. But certainly, we've done tremendous amounts of modeling the business and the network. And one thing I can say that our filings have shown is that since we announced the deal on April 27 to now, the network and the modeling of the business has only gotten better. So from a standpoint of the things that we're learning and finding out, the story from a business and from a network standpoint gets better. I would also like to say, maybe I'll just do this quickly, a very proudly stated one of the items that we see as a status point that should be viewed for what it is. Not only that we have hired a person to lead the integration of the companies but the caliber and the capability and the depth of who we were able to get that many of you know in Sunit Patel. And I think maybe just take a second, I'll introduce Sunit and ask him if he wants to make a quick comment in his long tenure here in being in charge of putting together two companies that we can't really put together yet.
Neville R. Ray - T: I'll try to be a little angel. How is that? No. Thanks, John, and thanks for the question, Simon. I mean, obviously, we are incredibly focused on the combination with Sprint and the 5G opportunity that we can deliver through that combination is unique. It's incredibly compelling. It's going to bring a level of 5G capability and service to the U.S. market that nobody can do on their own. None of the four players, including ourselves, can deliver anything like what we can deliver with Sprint. And our deal is all down to spectrum from a network perspective and the combination of our mid, low and high-band assets delivering capabilities in terms of breadth of 5G coverage, and also depth of 5G coverage, which will create compelling user experiences, wireless, fixed wireless alternatives and on and on. If you haven't read our PIS and our various filings, go have a look. There's a ton of data in there and it's an incredibly compelling opportunity. That said, we are laying down outside of the deal discussion itself. I mean, we're obviously laying down the foundational layer for much of that now as T-Mobile. We're very busy on 600 megahertz deployment, as John referenced during the call. 1,500 cities now live with LTE in 600 megahertz across 37, 38 states, including Puerto Rico inside a year. So we're very proud of what we're doing there. And we're building a 5G-capable network. Already six of the top 10 markets and hundreds of cities underway with that 5G build. So a lot of activity fully underway for us to put that 5G capability into the hands of our customers in 2019, handsets coming online in that timeframe, so super excited. Obviously, as Braxton referenced, we are participating. We intend to participate in the upcoming millimeter wave auctions. So there is more spectrum coming for the 5G era, which is great. We're always going to need more spectrum. And so I look at millimeter wave as the first opportunity that the FCC has lined up. I think the CBRS spectrum that you referenced, real opportunities for commercial deployment there, Simon, as we move into probably mid-2019 timeframe. As the SaaS system gets matured and certified so that we can start to deploy in the unlicensed space ahead of any licensed spectrum auctions on the CBRS. And then, a lot of activity on C-band, a lot of discussion, filings yesterday. I mean, obviously, we'd like to see a lot more spectrum come through than is currently being proposed by the incumbent holders on that spectrum. We think it's critical that more mid-band spectrum is brought to the U.S. so that we've got a good strong roadmap for future 5G services. I'll stop there, so I don't consume the whole call.
Neville R. Ray - T: You've got to say, I've never seen a megahertz, I don't like, John. I always say, say it every call. No, I mean, Phil, I think you have to look at the scale and size of the 5G opportunity as we build and roll out these networks. And so, obviously, as I said at the beginning, we're very focused on combining our combination with Sprint and the opportunity that it creates, but it gets us moving. And if you look at what's happening in other parts of the world right now, where governments are bringing forward hundreds of megahertz of free and clear mid-band spectrum so that the wireless operators can move aggressively into this 5G opportunity. We need those opportunities here in the U.S. And with our deal, without the deal, C-band is going to be important. And right now, the volume of spectrum there, it's clearly an underutilized asset today. And so there's a real opportunity to bring a meaningful volume of spectrum to the marketplace. And we filed yesterday on it. We think that the approach we've outlined would be in the best interest of wireless consumers as well as the average taxpayer and U.S. citizen. So have a read through our filings, but the answer is, yes. We're interested in that spectrum.
Neville R. Ray - T: Yeah. I mean, obviously, we do have a lot of the work underway and under our belt, but we still have a lot to get done. And so I'm ecstatic with the progress we've made on 600 megahertz. I think anybody in the industry including the folks at the FCC would tell you that this is the fastest they've ever seen an auction spectrum band get put into commercial service. And just this last week, we crossed 21 devices now with 600 megahertz capability, including the new range of iPhones and even the tablets that were announced today. So we're making tremendous progress on generating and creating a 600 megahertz ecosystem as T-Mobile, which is phenomenal progress. The fact that as we deploy radio now, we can build 5G-ready equipment waiting for software that will come online early in the New Year is another huge bonus as Braxton referenced. But we do have to continue to clear the 600 megahertz airwaves. We're making material progress on that, but there's an agreed-to schedule with the FCC and the broadcasters, which we fully respect. And that runs through 2020. So we have work to do that's scheduled 2019. We have to work to do that's scheduled in 2020. We continue to look at acceleration opportunities, but back to Braxton's point, this is a three-year program. It's not all done and it's going to take some time to get completed.
Neville R. Ray - T: Yeah. Craig, I don't want to keep consuming the call time here. I mean, this is fairly deep technical stuff, right, but obviously, we're excited about that 2.5 gig opportunity. It's a good slug of mid-bound spectrum. It's predominantly used, obviously, for LTE today. And the combination of the two companies allows to free up a lot of that spectrum for 5G services quicker than Sprint could do on their own or any company could do on their own, come to that. I think the piece that's exciting, obviously, we've done a huge amount of network modeling and analysis and work on the opportunity of the combination. And what we see there is that the 2.5 gig spectrum, I mean, it's always required a density of network in comparison to traditional sub-2 gig spectrum, right, because of the propagation limitations. That said, the other aspect of this combination with Sprint is that we can densify what's already the most dense network in the U.S. from T-Mobile. And when you look at that density amplification or combination and you apply 2.5 gigahertz spectrum, BRS or EBS, on that dense grid, you end up in a pretty special place. So it's something that the combination of the two companies and the assets of the two companies can really make that 2.5 gig spectrum sing and perform in a way that no single company can do on their own today. I'll leave it there.
G. Michael Sievert - T: That's a great segue into the TV topic, Simon, because what we are busily building, we have our heads down creating the first TV service for the 5G era. And that means a couple of things. That means, first of all, preparing for the day when we take on broadband in people's homes and not in sporadic parts of some cities, as John was just saying, with millimeter wave where you have to be 500 feet from a tower, but nationwide. We intend to bring broadband competition to 52% of U.S. ZIP Codes with the New T-Mobile. And obviously, for us to be able to be there, serving people's home with 5G broadband, we need to have an incredible 5G TV service to be able to provide an integrated suite. And that's what we have our heads down building, a TV service that is free from having to have wires, that has hundreds of high-definition choices coming in wirelessly, that's free from a particular cable box, that puts you in control, that's met your smartphone, that's connected to your social, digital and mobile life in a way that TV has never been before as an island. So that's what we are busy building. And yes, the journey will start later this year. And we're very excited about that. And the second phase of the journey next year will be expanding into mobile because as John was saying, 5G is about mobility not just fixed. And we are the only company with a strategy to bring 5G nationwide to every customer instead of just some parts of some cities like our competitors. And that's why the TV service will also follow with a mobile TV service next year. So we're heads down hard at work. We are very excited about the strategy and it plays very tightly to the 5G strategy of the New T-Mobile.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah, Michael. On churn, this was the best Q3 performance we've ever seen. And as John was saying in his remarks, the year-over-year 21 basis point improvement was even better than last quarter where we experienced our all-time lowest churn. So we've got great momentum here. And to your question, we don't see any reason why there isn't room to run here. In fact, with the New T-Mobile, as an example, we don't see why there would ever be air in the long run between our churn rate and AT&T's or Verizon's. We expect to build a network that's demonstrably superior. And at the end of the day, churn's a function of the network, first and foremost. It's a function of the customer experience and we are differentiated there with Team of Experts in a very significant way. It's a function of the brand and what it feels like to be a part of the company that puts customer first and treats them right. And you can see that as a leading indicator in our Net Promoter Scores. Our Net Promoter Scores are the highest that this industry has ever seen. Right now, we are simultaneously experiencing our highest levels of customer satisfaction and our lowest cost to care for our customers in our history, because of the innovation of Team of Experts. So we see room to run here.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. Our business team led by Mike Katz and his leadership team is firing on all cylinders. This quarter was, in fact, an all-time record on gross activations and net activations for our business group. And what's interesting is the complexion of customers that are coming to us is also changing and improving, more and more we're winning big enterprises and large public sector customers that we just weren't able to compete for a couple of years ago. And that's driving most of the growth right now. And those are great customers that have a very considered sale, but once they pick you, stick with you. We're also seeing that these wins are not just 10% of the base where they're using us as a price cut, (00:39:48) but where they're picking us as their standard bearer for their company or their government entity. And that's huge. We're seeing the world's biggest retailers, the biggest electronics and cell phone manufacturers. We're seeing online leaders, global consulting firms, hotel companies and casinos. We're seeing the federal government, including some of the biggest agencies, one particularly notable win, a huge win in the public center this quarter, state government. So lots of bigger enterprises choosing us because of the value proposition that we keep talking about in response to the rest of the questions. The network has finally earned our way into those discussions. The wireless network is second to none now. Public sector and government customers don't go on reputation. They try it first. They usually take 100 phones and try them for weeks. And then, more than any time in our history, they're picking T-Mobile.
G. Michael Sievert - T: We remain less than 5% of enterprise share and less than 10% overall of business share in this country. So that's room to run.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. Well, your second one first. Overall, and I think you've noted this in the past, postpaid's taking share from prepaid. So that's why the category's generally up. But, for us, yeah, this strategy is working on all fronts. We did a distribution expansion from 230 million to 265 million POPs now covered by our stores. We talked a lot about that through 2016 and 2017. That's now largely complete, that phase that we had been talking about. The New T-Mobile certainly sees lots of room to run for ongoing distribution expansion up to 300 million. So big future potential there. And also, as we've been saying, big present potential, because there's a curve to these stores and we're just now starting to see the productivity that you would expect. Really, running ahead of our expectations, particularly in greenfield areas where we put a lot of those stores. So that's great. And then segments, suburban families, prime credit customers, military families, rural customers, over-55, all these are under-penetrated areas where we're starting to see success. And some we've been at it for a little over a year, some a little less than a year. But in the grand scheme of things, we're just getting started in so many of these areas. And then finally, business, which I gave a long answer to before. We have very low shares, but very high current success rates. And that's something that I think can only build on itself. So we're feeling very optimistic right now about the ability to serve wireless customers in more and more segments.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Well, the way we think about it is, it's all one market. And the way – I would turn it around and say, AT&T has been forced to retreat to the prepaid part of the market because it's the only place they can find success. If you look at total branded nets that in prepaid is a subcomponent of, we're up. We're up sequentially and we're up overall year-over-year. And so prepaid's a component of that. What you've seen is an improving of our mix. With overall branded nets up, more and more of ours are coming from the postpaid side, which is our aspiration. It's what our owners would expect of us and it's what we're delivering.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Thanks. Our team under Tom Keys did research here and concluded some very simple things, which is there's a lot of people on the postpaid side at AT&T and Verizon who ought to be on an offer like Metro and who weren't giving Metro the kind of consideration because it was seen as so separate. And these are all one market. As John said, when we announced Metro by T-Mobile, prepaid and postpaid are increasingly – the distinction as when did you pay, at the beginning of the month or at the end of the month. But there's been over the years a stigma to it that has caused some postpaid customers not to take a close look. And we feel like there's a big opportunity to showcase to certain people at AT&T and Verizon, who absolutely based on their credit profile, their income profile, where they live, they ought to be on an offer like Metro. And this is going to put them more in the consideration set to look at us because it's Metro by T-Mobile. And you'll see that the T-Mobile brand and network is standing behind Metro. As to further complexities, you remember, the distribution's separate. So we're not worried about cannibalization rates or some of the internal complexities. This is just about focusing externally on customers at AT&T and Verizon.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Remember, you're going to be looking at the total. As I said to the last question that Walt was asking, we're chasing overall performance in our branded portfolio and we want to see an improving of the mix over time, and prepaid plays an important role in that. So, yes, but we'll be looking at the total competitiveness of the company, not any one particular subcomponent.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah. So, first of all, Phil, we have closed out all of last year's hurricane claims. Very, very successful in doing so. Remember, we took the full hit to our EBITDA last year. All the recoveries this year flowed through to the bottom line and are part of our 3 time increase in EBITDA guidance that we've done this year. So we've returned all that back to the bottom line performance of the company. If you want a complete reconciliation of all components of where the hurricane had an impact, I refer you to our FactBook as well as our Q where we do a detailed line-by-line analysis of that so that you can track with full transparency what impact it has. As you know, we're committed to full transparency and best-of-class reporting of any of our peers out in the marketplace.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah, sure. So, yeah, Mike, the ARPU equation always has a little bit of seasonality to it. But when you look at the macro, and there are puts and takes going both ways, our guidance is generally stable. And we have defined that for the capital markets as plus or minus 1%. And we have definitely performed within that guidance level for multiple years at the same time that you've seen massive drops in ARPUs from the other carriers. When you look at Q3, in particular, in the reiteration of that guidance, what that will tell you when you do the math on it, that ARPU is going up in Q4. To stay within that reiterated guidance range, that definitely will be the case. But let's talk a little bit about the theory here. We often get asked by investors, why don't you go out and try to monetize more from your customers and drive ARPU up? And you're certainly seeing that happen with some of the carriers out there. And our response is, we're the Un-carrier and the terminal benefit from increased scale of our model, which is a great story for years to come, far outweighs any monetization that we could do in the marketplace. And you look around the genius of the marketing that's being deployed here in a very highly saturated market, going after particular segments. And the interesting thing about going after particular segments is looking at the underlying full economic characteristics. How often do they upgrade? What is their churn characteristics? What is the bad debt profile? And all of our segments are actually creating more overall enterprise value, customer lifetime value, net present value in the way that we're approaching the marketplace. So, we're happy to execute in a generally stable environment with some potential dilution as long as we're driving more value to the enterprise. And you can see that translating into the very significant cash flow growth and just look at net income for the quarter. I think it's very wise economics. So, great question. I'll hand it over to Mike for churn.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Well, probably not as much as we did a year ago. And the reason for that is, this will be truly a multiple-year project. Neville, do you want to give a little insight about how much you progress clearing and type of thing? I think that might be informative.
