Thomas Keys: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. First quarter was a record quarter for the company. We recorded the highest net subscriber additions in company history of over 725,000, bringing our total subscriber base to approximately $8.9 million.  We also recorded very strong gross additions of over 1.5 million for the quarter. In the last 12 months, we have added over 1.5 million net subscribers, resulting in a 21% increase in our subscriber base and a penetration rate of 9%, up from 7.8% just a year ago. This is a tremendous rate of growth within a very competitive wireless industry. Also noteworthy in the quarter is our record low churn of 3.1%, down 60 basis points from last year's first quarter. Additionally during the quarter, we ran a successful handset promotion. During this promotion, we effectively managed the cost of customer acquisition. Our cost of churn in the first quarter is best of class in the wireless industry at below $5.  Looking towards our second and third quarters, I want to emphasize the seasonality inherent in this business. Historically, we've seen gross adds decrease, churn increase and net adds decrease during the second and third quarters of the year. It is possible that seasonality could accentuate in 2011, given the significant performance in the first quarter. We believe we can manage churn within the 3% to 4% range on a go-forward basis.  At the end of the first quarter, approximately 90% of our subscribers were on a tax-inclusive plan. In 2010, a little over half of our subscriber base upgraded their phones. In the first quarter of 2011, the upgrade trends continued, and 16% of our subscribers upgraded their handsets, compared to 14% during the first quarter of 2010.  Android handsets have been very popular with our subscribers, representing approximately 30% of gross additions in the first quarter. Our current strategy is to utilize a slightly higher handset subsidy as we reach out to new segments and introduce our value proposition, while being mindful of our total CPGA spend. As we work to bring additional value to our subscribers, we are continuing our evolution as a no-contract wireless provider. Wireless for All was the first step in our ongoing evolution. It transformed the way we approach the customer and provided great value at a predictable and affordable price.  Our evolution continues as we are in the early stages of Phase 2, Android for All. We see a tremendous opportunity with the capabilities of smartphones running on the Android operating system. We currently offer 3 Android handsets and expect to introduce additional 3G and 4G LTE Android smartphones in the future. In time, as handset price curves come down and the industry scales, we plan to move towards the final phase of this campaign, LTE for All.  With the recent launch of 4G LTE in Tampa, we have introduced 4G LTE service in all of our major metropolitan areas. Our 4G network is performing well, and we continue to expand our footprint within the markets and expect to complete the majority of the buildout by the end of 2011.  Introduced towards the end of 2010, Metro USA provides MetroPCS subscribers with national coverage and a footprint that covers over 280 million POPs. National coverage provides our subscribers with incredible value and puts us at parity with the larger postpaid carriers, as we continue to provide a postpaid experience and a Pay-In-Advance, No-Contract model.  We believe providing this enhanced experience on a no-contract basis has allowed us to transition to new customer segments and significantly increase the brand's value for our existing subscriber base. We have the best-in-class cost structure, and we are constantly working to leverage this cost structure to increase our market share. Operationally, we continue to be heads down, as we focus on execution at every level.  Within our markets, some macroeconomic headwinds persist. Wireless continues to be a competitive space, but we are very pleased with our ability to plan, execute and deliver outstanding results during this first quarter. MetroPCS provides a platform for consumers to convert to the no-contract service model while upgrading to new 4G LTE service plans for their broadband needs.  We are very excited about the future. And now I'll turn the call over to Braxton.
Thomas Keys: Yes, Brett. On the second point, with regard to Android grosses, we talked about 30% of the grosses were Android. On the upgrade front, you can look at that as about 40% of all the upgrades were Android. That's approximate. And probably the existing base is under 20%, today.
Thomas Keys: Ric, this is Tom. I would probably add that what we have to do -- it's really incumbent upon us in the second and third quarters to remain what we call the best deal in town. We have to be easy to do business with. It's got to be real simple when you come in to explain our value proposition. We have to make sure we have inventory in the stores. We have to make sure now that we have all of our POS, all of our advertising lined up. It sounds pretty simple, but this is that heads-down thing we talked about. We have to be able to execute second and third because we do realize that seasonality plays a part to it. I would also say that we're pleased with the momentum in the second quarter, as we see it today.
Thomas Keys: More OEMs are interested in working with us. Continually, we're engaged with them now multiple times a year. We're overseas. They're over here. We have continued engagement every week with them, developing the next model, the next handsets to come out. So we feel confident that the ecosystem's going to come down and as well as every other carrier who works with them. So that the natural scale will help bring this thing down, and then, inside of our model, we think our customer base has really spoken with their wallet when it comes to Android.
Thomas Keys: Yes. Craig, I would say that if you looked at our customer base right now through some of the survey work we've done, we probably see about 20% to 30% of our customers are new. Meaning they haven't been in wireless before, and that's probably attributable to people who add onto family plans or people who are just coming of age to get their first phone. And we become a viable alternative because of the no-contract space. Inside of the surveys we've done, we've also seen 30% to 40% of the people say that they previously had a contract. Obviously, there's a gap of about 20% to 30% in there that don't identify themselves in that way. But we think there's certainly a migration from contracted customers who find us appealing to look at, find more people consider us. And then depending upon when the contract does expire, then they give us an opportunity to convert.
Thomas Keys: One of the real differences with Wireless for All is somebody is paying their first bill at the time of handset acquisition, whereas before, they got a free month worth of airtime, and 28 days later they got their first text message. And they were getting trained in to how to pay an electronic wireless bill. So we actually get a better conversation at the counter by having to charge for the first month because now people understand what they're buying. They understand the value proposition for 40, 50 or 60. So they walk away feeling better about themselves and better about the service. We finally get a much more satisfied customer when they pay their second bill because they understand exactly what they got for the first month. So what we did with Wireless for All, we reduced the price of the handset. So net-net out the door, it's not that much different on some handsets when you look at the airtime with handset pricing. But also as we've moved to more smartphones, away from more lower-end buyers of QWERTYs and flips, we're going to find that price is substantially higher based upon the greater features in the handset. On average, you might find the customer out the door anywhere between $99 and $179 today depending upon the handset they chose.
Thomas Keys: Yes. I want to add that the theory or the case behind smartphone and smartphone churn customers is that there is a 4-for-1 utility that people derive from the device. Its home voice, mobile voice, mobile broadband and then a fixed mobile convergence in the home. So we think there is a greater dependency by that customer who doesn't have to have 2 to 3 different applications and/or devices who could use our service and get that 4-for-1 utility. So the theory would really tell you that potentially there's a greater churn metric for smartphone customers than feature customers have shown us in the past.
Roger Linquist: Thank you, Braxton. From an operational and financial viewpoint, I'm very pleased with this quarter's results.  With our record 1.5 million net subscriber additions in 2010 and this quarter's 725,000 net additions, subscriber growth has been truly outstanding. As we approach the 9 million subscriber milestone at the end of the first quarter, it is revealing to think that we crossed the 5 million subscriber milestone at the end of 2008, just over two years ago, and have grown subscribers at over a 33% CAGR since 2005.  In a very competitive marketplace, this is truly exceptional rate of growth. Clearly, the No-contract segment is here to stay. It's a frontier that we've pioneered. From the viewpoint we are seeing, an ongoing shift towards no-contract wireless service. The traditional wireless contract has served its purpose, which was to essentially allow customers to reduce their upfront costs and buy handsets on installment plans.  Prices for future phones over time have declined, and we believe that in the future, the same will happen with smartphones. At some point, there is no need for a contract obligation, when a customer is looking at a sub-$200 fully featured 4G smartphone. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity, having built and maintained our cost-leadership position in the No-Contract segment since the launch of our business in early 2002. Our current smartphone ecosystem is accelerating and as Tom indicated, we expect to introduce 3G and 4G smartphones in 2011. With a focus on the small screen, we view this year as the year in which we will introduce a number of touchscreen Android smartphones. Subscribers are increasingly using their smartphones for entertainment and social networking as the Internet has gone wireless.  All of our major metropolitan areas now have 4G LTE, establishing our leadership position in this transformational technology. 4G LTE has become a dominant world force. With world volume of handsets on a single 4G LTE standard, we have an opportunity for substantial reductions in handset prices. With our focus on operating a low-cost facility-based model, we are very well positioned in this new Android world to provide subscribers a great value. MetroPCS is taking the first step to migrate to a spectrum-efficient technology 4G LTE. As data requirements continue to expand, we are always interested in opportunistic spectrum acquisitions, and we are evaluating all potential sources.  We've had a great start to the year, both operationally and financially. We believe that we are well positioned from a competitive standpoint, and we see continued opportunities for growth, as subscribers' demand for smartphones increase. We delivered record net additions this quarter, and we intend to continue to leverage our cost-leadership position and drive further profitable growth.  Clearly, there are economic headwinds that the industry will be facing in the balance of 2011. These factors include rising gas prices, unemployment and a depressed housing industry. However, consumer interest in upgrading cellphones to smartphones, while managing the service costs, are encouraging trends for the No-Contract segment. With strong first quarter momentum, a cutting-edge 4G network, an exciting lineup of smartphones and our leadership position in the no-contract space, we believe we are well positioned to continue our profitable growth.  While this is a competitive space, Wireless for All, introduced in 2010, successfully transformed the company. This year, we will continue to innovate and push the industry with Phase 2 of the transformation, Android for All. In the future, the wireless experience will be further enhanced as we move towards the third phase, 4G LTE for All.  I'm very pleased with this quarter's results, and I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Thank you. Operator, we will now begin Q&A.
Roger Linquist: Good question. We're not sure what the result will be, but we think that from our standpoint -- I'll take this question as an AT&T, T-Mobile acquisition, we would hope very much that this concentration of spectrum and market power would lead us to divestitures of spectrum, as opposed of subscribers, network and spectrum. So we'll have to see how DOJ and FCC operate and what their decisions and final rules will be. But certainly, that would be a source of spectrum and potentially and we think that's an important step for the industry.
Roger Linquist: Yes. The notion was and the question is gas prices and its impact. I think there is an impact, and we will see it. I think we have been seeing it as the rising gas prices. But I would call your attention to the fact -- a comment I made earlier, that consumers, as they have an interest, are trying to manage all their expenses. So it's not just the acquisition of a new phone, it's the savings that they can realize on service plans month to month. And as I could point out to you on the family plans, our family plans for Android phones can save customers at least $1,000 if not $2,000 a year for a family of 3. So those factors have to be included. And I think we're going to begin to see people rationalize, not just whether or not they buy a handset but rationalize whether they're willing to continue to pay these elevated prices for service.
Roger Linquist: Well, let me take a first shot at that. It's been -- this is going on our 10th year. And we plot what our gross gain or gross sales are and net gains. And it's amazing that the one trend that you can bet on is the amount of acceleration we get in the first quarter and then the ease that is the subscriber reductions that we would realize in second and third. I think we have another mechanism ongoing this year, which is a plus, and then that's the Android adoption rate, which has been very significant. The negative, of course, that could really fully offset this is the elements that I've talked about, not only the unemployment, gas prices but also the housing industry decline, which I believe, at least as it relates to our market segments, has a very, very significant impact because of the general nature of the trades business and the like that could be more disproportionate within our customer base. But I do think that this so-called tsunami in upgrading phones, both the QWERTY, as well as the smartphone, it is a positive story along with those headwinds that we've talked about.
Roger Linquist: And I wish to add one point to that. I think that the great expectation that we have is that once you begin to get the carriers around the world, vested and operational in 4G LTE, that you're going to see a tremendous price impact with the learning curves, operating on a world standard, one world standard, which I think is going to carry a very significant development, probably not before 2013 or '14, but when that happens, I think you're going to see something that's very, very parallel to the PC.
Roger Linquist: Let me come back to just a point that you've asked me because really, we're converting and making a transformation to our 4G systems. So as that takes place, one of the difficulties to answering and addressing your question in a very crisp way is that there's a crossover point where the subscribers that we can put on -- and this is with VOLTE, this is with voice and data -- it gives us the opportunity to refarm our CDMA spectrum. So it's really the cost of the handset that's going to be a fundamental driver in our ability to make that transformation earlier rather than later.
Roger Linquist: Well, there's a -- let me be very clear. In testing, we fully expect to be testing before the end of the year. Commercial deployment is going to be a 2012 event. But for us, it's very important that we begin taking advantage of this network, 4G, for voice customers, as well as data. So we will probably be in the leading edge not because we want to be there, but because we think it's in our very best interest to have this transformation begin as the volume on 4G LTE grows.
Roger Linquist: Yes, and as it relates to the question on LTE handsets. I stand by that as a wholesale pricing, that's what I assume you were talking about. But with our ability to promote, particularly with a mail-in-rebate or MIR as we would call it, we certainly will be at the $200 level below by the end of this year. Certainly, we'll have some products going out in that range.
Roger Linquist: There's always between 10% and 20% of our CapEx that's going into upgrading our, let me call it core, which in this case is probably more true this year, as we begin to get the redundancy in our LTE system. We're building out Atlanta as being a second Center for MME and bringing in additional OS systems to control. So I think Braxton's comment is correct, but there's also a pretty significant upgrade in what I would call the core, which we used to call the MSCs.
Roger Linquist: Let me take the last question first, I think, then I'll begin it over. The key to the LTE in our minds is developing this what we call ecosystem. You can translate that to infrastructure, but the key is the handsets. And we look to broadening the ability to buy beyond Qualcomm chipsets. There are other parties who are selling chipsets that could provide us the window for early, shall we say, price reduction in handset because we believe that you simply have to, on a wholesale basis, get down to the $200 or below mark before you can begin to make real progress. And I think we see that's certainly going to be a 2012 event, but it's probably going to be a last half 2012 event. So really 2013 it will be a year where we think that LTE will come into its own. So it's a matter of getting it developed in our band, which is critical for us. We wanted to develop it in narrow bands. So all the way down to 1.4 as different than 5x5 and 10x10. And obviously, that gives us an opportunity to utilize it across all of our networks. So I would say that the ecosystem is probably going to be in high gear by the end of 2012. And along the way, were going to do whatever we can to send customers to begin to adopt and embrace LTE as their system of choice.
Roger Linquist: We don't give blocks and drops and we haven't. We feel that we're well within our industry guidelines as we have always been. What this has caused us to do though is both compression, conditioning and other features to help us as we have seen this growth. The growth is still young, and many of the tools that we're using to manage this growth and data is under development. So we feel good about it now, but it is something that has really come out of the late 2010. And we feel like we have it under control.
J. Carter: Ric, on a final point, I think it's important to look at the full year in context versus any individual given quarter. We have a supplemental deck impact that documents historically some of the seasonality in the business. But if you step back from the quarters and you look at some of the key statistics that were thrown out, an increase in subscribers at a 33% CAGR since '05, the growth in the EBITDA, the fact that we put over 1.5 million net additions on last year. And you look at this first quarter in context, it's already 70% of consensus for 2011 from a growth standpoint. Certainly, the second and third quarters are the slowest quarters for this model, but we really need to look at the full year in context and keep things in perspective.
J. Carter: I think that our public position has been that what we're seeing is a large amount of stability with ARPU. I mean, certainly, there are positives with smartphone great plans being on a higher mix, but you need to balance that against we are increasing family plan. The BOGO, which Tom talked about being 15% of our first quarter activity, you had to have a family plan to do that. So that increased penetration with family plan. There are offsets. We're very encouraged with the trends that we're seeing in ARPU, but we still like to talk about the business being very supportive from an ARPU standpoint. I think your final question really related to churn, and could churn be lower on smartphones. You've got to remember that we just really started with the Androids in December of last year. And we're certainly seeing a great deal of momentum with the Androids. But it really is too early to comment on any particular differences with the base on those phones.
J. Carter: Let me answer the CPU question, touch base on a couple of CapEx issues and then, turn it over to Roger for further comment. Let's start with the CPU. The largest drivers in the increase in CPU year-over-year were the upgrades and the fact that we have Wireless for All with regulatory fees being included in CPU. And let's talk about the regulatory CPUs. When we launched Wireless for All in January of 2010, we did a forced migration of 30%. You heard us comment today that base, we now have 90% of our base on Wireless for All. And we've also commented in the past that our regulatory fees are slightly less than $1. So you could do the math to show the incremental pressure on CPU, which is roughly half of the CPU increase is related solely to the penetration of the base for Wireless for All. So that pretty much is where the run rate is. The second factor impacting CPU is upgrades. And you saw an increase in the gross volume of upgrades Q1 '11 over Q1 '12 as we've talked about. But as Phil Cusick pointed out, we also have seen an increase in sales price of the phones, and we've seen higher subsidies, as we've commented, as we promote the Androids. So that was the second most significant part of the CPU increase. The LTE expansion, again remember, we're laying systems and putting OpEx in well before we even launched the markets. And then as we scale, you'll see efficiencies and scale benefits come out of it. But that was the least significant part of the CPU equation. Hope that helps to answer the question there. On CapEx...
J. Carter: Yes. Again, I think that depends on what the growth rate is going to be and on what development we see in the LTE ecosystem, and there's multiple factors. So we're not really looking forward to '12 at this point giving it to you.
