Mike Sievert: Thanks, Kathy. Hi, everybody. Welcome to the call. We're coming to you from New York today. If you're watching online, you can see I'm with several members of the senior team ready to discuss these strong quarterly results and our recent news, and of course to take your questions. This T-Mobile team just continues to demonstrate strong execution across the board. We're taking up our customer growth and cash flow guidance for the full year once again. I'm going to begin with a comment on customer growth because this quarter not only represented our highest ever Q2 postpaid phone net ads in company history, but we also pushed past a major milestone, 100 million customer connections. This growth was once again balanced geographically across both smaller markets in rural areas and top 100 markets. We also grew our postpaid phone gross ads at the highest rate in nearly three years. At the same time, we delivered yet another, record low upgrade rate this quarter, speaking to the strength of our customers' experience on our differentiated 5G network. Speaking of experience, let me now turn to that network leadership. We swept every category for overall network performance in the latest Opensignal and Ookla tests. According to Opensignal, T-Mobile's download speeds are up to three times as fast as peers, alongside having nearly six times the 5G availability as our next closest competitor. Our network was also awarded the most consistent by both independent third parties, a key indicator of an overall superior network experience. We continue to invest thoughtfully and in a highly capital-efficient model to extend our network leadership, and it shows. It is really a privilege to see our team's hard work show up in recognition like this and to share it with you. Okay, turning to broadband. Our fixed wireless offering continues to resonate with customers, leading us to capture a record share of industry broadband net ads this quarter. And now we have an incredible 5.6 million fixed wireless broadband customers. I hope you all saw our news from last week, as I'm excited to talk to you about our partnership with KKR to acquire Metronet. The Metronet team is the nation's fastest growing pure play fiber provider. This is a unique company and asset. They already reach over 2 million homes today, and with this partnership are expected to grow to 6.5 million homes passed by 2030, bringing consumers greater choice where they need it most, and we are equally excited to work alongside KKR's expert infrastructure team on this project. As with our Lumos JV, T-Mobile will leverage our scale, brand, distribution, and existing customer relationships to grow faster and to do it smarter. I can't highlight enough how both the Metronet and Lumos JVs represent best in class partnerships in the fiber space. Because of the partners that we've chosen and T-Mobile's unique assets and capabilities, I believe this is going to be a very successful initiative for our shareholders. Now going back to the current business and our financials. In Q2, we once again demonstrated our ability to deliver profitable growth in customers and translating that to industry-leading service revenue growth and industry-leading core adjusted EBITDA growth. That, combined with our capital efficiency, has led to a record adjusted free cash flow quarter that grew 54% year-over-year and once again led the major wireless companies in free cash flow margins. I could not be more proud of this team's results this quarter. Okay, to sum it all up, we are staying true to our Un-carrier DNA while focusing on smart and profitable growth, delivering record financial results. Our durable and differentiated model continues to outperform and I look forward to sharing more about the Un-carrier's next chapter on value creation at our Capital Markets Day, which will be in the second half of September. We're going to get that on your calendars very soon. So Peter, let's hand it to you to talk about our key financial highlights and an update on our guidance.
Mike Sievert: Yeah, John. Sure, let me start. I'll just ask the team to jump in. First of all, we're just really excited about where we are. This was a terrific transaction for us to be able to partner with KKR to acquire Metronet on top of our previous transaction to partner to acquire Lumos. So, now we have the beginnings of a critical mass in the space. For me, this is big. I mean, these two transactions taken together with our partnerships in the wholesale arena are going to allow us to reach millions of homes. The Lumos transaction, we see 3.5 million homes passed by 2028. The Metronet transaction, we see 6.5 million homes passed by 2030. There's probably a couple more million in the wholesale partnerships we have so far. So, that's a pretty significant footprint that we put together. More importantly, we've chosen the best assets in the space. We're very excited about this. Now, to the premise of your question, I think what people can see from our strategy are a number of things. One, our bias is pure play fiber, the simplicity and elegance of that model. It's doing it with partners so that we can get more leverage on our equity dollars. It's about best in class assets that are performing and growing like we're seeing. We have some further appetite, but not much. I want to make that clear. I mean, these transactions that we have done get us millions of homes past and do it in a way that we think is really smart and positive for our shareholders. So, while we're open-minded to things that fit this strategy, it would have to be the right deal. Our appetite is somewhat limited for more. I can tell you we're not currently working on another transaction like this, and since they've been coming every month or two, I want to make that clear as well. But we're really excited about this. This is a chance for us to make a big impact in the space and to do it with teams that are already the best in class out there. So that's that piece. The second you asked about performance. We can talk about our pilot markets. Those are going well. They're earlier in phasing. So, it's hard to see, but absolutely on track. To me, what's more interesting is looking at the performance of these already in-market teams that we are now going to be partnering with. Like Metronet, we see penetrations in the upper 30s and they're more mature markets because they already passed over 2 million homes. So, we can see at more scale how that asset's performing. Now, our thesis has always been that our brand and our distribution, our embedded customer base and our know-how can actually add performance to a partner like that in a very cost-effective way. But it's on top of a team that's performing very, very well.
Mike Sievert: Simon, our prepaid nets of 179,000 were the best quarter we've posted in years. Part of that is obviously joining with Mint and Ultra. But part of that is that we have a fantastic portfolio of brands that meet the needs of value consumers. To the premise of your question, this is a year when value consumers, because of these changes, will be re-entering the market. So, we think we're very well positioned there. Then to your question about the upgrade cycle. Look, I'm really excited about this year. I think AI is on every customer's mind. I think we're seeing the major companies really pushing ambitiously in the space. There was a lot of excitement around Apple's launches. Now, some of those technologies are good on legacy phones as well, like last year's phones we are told from those announcements. So, we'll have to see. I'm not really here to predict cycles. I'll tell you that we're very, very excited about what's coming. I want to remind people that our model isn't really dependent on that cycle. So, we've been benefiting from very low upgrade rates. In many ways, that's good for the efficiency of our model. But should upgrade rates take off due to a larger cycle based on excitement of a new phone launch, which we certainly hope for, that's a share-taking moment for us. So you either have a moment where we're able to be efficient like the last few quarters with some of these very low upgrade rates or because we are the net share-taker in this industry, a chance for more jump balls. So we design our business plan to be responsive to what happens, and at the same time, we're excited about with AI and we think consumers are excited about AI. We're looking forward to seeing what happens.
Mike Sievert: The other thing that we said in our prepared remarks, Mike, is that we took the highest percentage of broadband nets ever in our history this quarter. 75% or so and that's huge. That adds to all this. So we're obviously now resonating with customers on multiple topics. That plays on itself in some ways. So that's terrific to see. So you're looking across geographies, across customer segments, and even across product lines and seeing strength and those things start to play on each other. Okay. And your second question was about capital allocation strategy. Maybe we can start with the highest level, Peter, on how we think about this.
Mike Sievert: Well said, Peter. So, I mean, for us we're really pleased to be able to try to have it both ways here. So many incredible opportunities have presented themselves, and we have seized on those things. That's certainly what you want us to be doing, and yet at the same time, we have these ambitions for shareholder returns that are principally unchanged, and to be able to have it both ways is amazing, because you would expect the trade-offs, but that shows you the strength of our business. And we've been talking for some time, that it would take us probably into 2026 to realize the business support for that up to $60 billion in shareholder returns, and that's certainly the case as we look at all these transactions that are adding long-term value to the company. But stay tuned, and we'll do the best we can to keep that cash flow rolling in for years to come.
Mike Sievert: Okay, great. You can do the math on the first one. We've now reached $5.6 million homes with our broadband product. It's just an amazing result. The strength continues with this quarter's performance being perhaps our best ever in the competitive context. And what's interesting is, our customers love this product. So we're also winning so much great feedback from third parties and from customers as to how this product performs. It gives us lots of confidence for the long-term legs of the initiative. And you can do the numerator and denominator math. We have said the majority of that $5.6 million is from existing T-Mobile customers. That means they also have mobile, and so they'd be part of our mobile accounts, but we haven't broken it out in exact numbers for you. And the rest represent kind of a land and expand strategy that we've been talking about, which is people coming in from the top 100 markets, also from smaller markets in rural areas, and choosing T-Mobile through the broadband front door, and then giving us an opportunity to sell wireless, which is a cool dynamic to see. But Mike Katz, maybe you can talk about how this product is resonating in the marketplace, because I think it's one of the things that might surprise some people.
Mike Sievert: James, onto your second question about pricing, I can tell you that our strategy, which has been in place for so many years, is not a strategy that we have any interest in changing. We are the service revenue growth leader in this industry. We are the post-paid service revenue growth leader by a wide margin, and we do that because we have a value proposition that customers trust us around. And that's not to say that we're not going to make changes. We made changes this year to keep up with the times, first in a decade. But we like being the value leader, and that translates through our unique strategy into industry-leading revenue growth performance. Now, what you also see is the growth of per-customer revenues rising. We talked about our average revenue per account growing at well over 2%. And those kinds of things are great to see, but I want to make sure that people don't misinterpret our actions as anything other than keeping up with the times and reinforcing our strategy, which is a deeply trusted covenant with the world's consumers, American consumers, that we are and will be the best value in the marketplace. And that sometimes includes changes that we'll make along the way. And you saw us do that, and I think you saw us perform through it, because of that trusted relationship that we have with our consumers.
Mike Sievert: Sure Dave, we'll do both of those things. First of all, I'll just go back to my comments from a few minutes ago and reiterate. Our appetite for further transactions in this space is limited. We really like the ones we've done. They give us a material footprint, and we're not currently working on something else like it. That being said, we're open-minded. You hire us on your behalf to be pragmatic, practical, strategic, and I think people can see our strategy. And if there's the right partner, the right asset, the right pricing on it, the right strategy, a bias and preference for pure play, we would be open-minded, but with a limited further appetite. And part of that is we're balancing all of our objectives. You heard Peter talk about our capital allocation strategy. We take that seriously. We think our investors like the fact that we have a pure play elegant model. As we step into fiber, we're keeping the elegance of that with a pure play fiber model. We want to be an outstanding execution machine that's able to execute really, really well in the marketplace. And we don't have any interest in changing the complexion largely of who we are as a company, because we perform so well. So, we're open-minded, but our appetite is limited from here on out.
Mike Sievert: Now, second question, we'll turn to Callie Field to talk about what's going on in the business and enterprise space.
Mike Sievert: Hey Craig, great question. Like I said, over the long haul, we're open-minded. We're very proud of these transactions. We want to execute them extremely well. We want to get them closed and we'll take a wider lens and see where we are and what we've learned. One thing we feel very strongly about, and I'm not sure I like the phrasing ‘not believers in convergence.’ I'll parse it differently for you. One thing we feel very strongly about is that these transactions are not defensive of our mobile business. We believe our mobile business stands strongly alone. Consumer choice has been made very clear that wireless is a deeply considered sale. It's the primary purchase decision in a connected life and that people will choose the wireless company that is right for them. And we believe we will compete effectively as a pure play wireless company, regardless of our simultaneous participation in broadband. That being said, convergence is real and that the customers that buy both, buy them together, and we have bundles today. Many of our 5.6 million broadband customers today purchased that in a bundle and realized discounts by doing so and there's nothing wrong with that. We think that's a dynamic that makes sense. Customers love discounts. Discounts make sense to customers, but they can come in many forms. And so I want to – convergence is happening and that some people are buying these things together and they kind of like that. It's not happening in the sense that if you don't have this product, you can't compete in mobile. We have zero evidence to support that thesis, and so I want to make sure that we parse it that way. And then secondly, of course, over the long haul we're open-minded about this. I just want to make sure that we're really smart about how we do it. And for us, joining with some of these very, very high quality teams who are doing this the best in the country and are doing it in an elegant and pure way, and at a pace that's really impressive, is a fantastic way for us to step into this. We're not going to make further decisions about where to go from here until we're able to get more experience in the ground.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Well Peter, why don't you just shift the spreadsheet over there to go? Honestly Jon, let me answer the first one. First of all, it's very hard for us to tell, and I think even for others who are saying those things to tell what's causal. And so it does appear that the statement is true that that competitor's share is higher where they also have broadband, but they have broadband in places of their historic strength, and including back when their broadband product wasn't that interesting and so it's hard to tell what's causal there. The one thing that does appear to be linked in a way that's somewhat causal is that churn looks to be lower. And when people buy these bundled offers, there does appear to be a marginal impacted churn, which is attractive. And again, that's one of the thesis for why we like this. We think we can outperform a purely disinterested financial investor because of the embedded customer base. But remember, churn and wireless is already historically low. So there's only so much benefit you can count on from that on the wireless side. And it's one of the reasons why, again, we don't think it's necessary as a defense of our mobile business far from it.
Mike Sievert: Sure, yeah. We have – we saw this product across all of our major brands and segments and so we have post-paid consumer, we just have prepaid consumer and we have business. And so far it's been predominantly, the majority of it has been post-paid consumer. It's going really well, and it kind of speaks to the ongoing opportunity that we have in the other segments, and so that's just how it's been flowing in. The product is really resonating with post-paid consumers and I talked earlier in the call about how these things tend to kind of feed on themselves. And inside of this segment, we're benefiting from so much person-to-person talk value. As people get this, they tell their friends about it, how much money they're saving. You heard from Mike about how this product is resonating. I mean, it's really performative and that surprises some people pleasantly and so those things kind of feed on it. So I think a lot of that opportunity might still be in front of us on the business side.
Mike Sievert: Okay Kannan, those are great questions. First of all, on the fiber and the interplay with our fixed wireless business, actually a fantastic question. I'll turn to Mike Katz.
Mike Sievert: And to illustrate that, we have a long, long list of people who have expressed interest in our fixed wireless product that we're not able to serve, because we only put it in places where there's open capacity.
Mike Sievert: Okay Brian, I'll take the first one and ask Peter to comment on the second. You'll find it a little unsatisfying as an answer though, which is we find the industry level kind of hard to predict. The Q2 came in higher than we had expected in some cases and our business landed right about where we were planning. But if you look at the wider lens, the industry context was a little hard to predict and you kind of see that in our guide. We were able to flow through our Q2 beat versus consensus in our guide. It was a very strong quarter for us. You see that in the second half where we're sort of side eyeing that industry question because we just don't know. We're very confident in our plans for the second half.
Mike Sievert: Great. Well, let me start with the second one, which is the way our fallow-capacity model works is pretty sophisticated. We look at every sector and, in fact, smaller geographic elements than a sector and look at the predicted, not current, capacity usage of that sector, assuming ongoing share taking in line with historical norms of share taking in mobile phones, and assuming dramatic growth of usage of mobile phones on a per mobile phone basis, and ongoing growth in line with historical norms of usage for the actual broadband customers that we bring on. We take all that forward and drag it right, years, and then approve applicants for broadband only when that capacity will still be there. So that's one of the reasons why we have hundreds of thousands of people waiting for this product on waiting lists, because right down to your particular address, unless we're convinced that product will serve you for years to come in a way that drives your happiness and does it without interrupting anybody's mobile service, we don't accept your application. It's a very sophisticated model. One of the online questioners said that Verizon commented that they are balancing and capping at 400,000 a quarter in order to avoid disrupting mobile subs. Are you doing the same thing? And the answer is, no, because our broadband subscribers don't do that by virtue of how we do this. So it's a really sophisticated model that we're quite proud of. Now I forget the second half.
Mike Sievert: On the 5G broadband pricing, I would say you were asking what should be read into that from a strategy standpoint, and I would say nothing. What you'll see from us is we try things, we learn, we have test cells, we do things online, we do things in markets, and we're always looking to see kind of what resonates and what people respond to. But overall, the general trend for us, is that we are post the period where we were discounting every customer all the time during the introductory years. We've moved back to a normative pricing that we think is highly attractive, and we like to understand those elasticities. So you'll always see us doing things. Before I hand it to Kathy to wrap things up, I will just tell you, thank you for all these great questions. It's just an absolute pleasure to be able to talk about this team's outstanding performance quarter-after-quarter. We kept our prepared remarks to just 11 minutes so we could get to lots and lots of your questions. That's because we love you and we listen to you. So we try to be responsive. And Kathy, we’ll let you wrap this up.
Peter Osvaldik: Thank you very much, Mike. As you can see, we delivered yet another strong quarter. Mike already highlighted the momentum in our wireless and broadband business as well as our impressive financial results. But, before turning to our outlook, I wanted to briefly touch on our acquisition of Mint Mobile and Ultra on May 1st. We couldn't be more excited for them to join Team Magenta. From a financial perspective, the acquisition resulted in a one-time prepaid base adjustment of approximately 3.5 million customers. Subsequent to the close, the incorporation of Mint and Ultra also resulted in approximately $100 million in net additional service revenue relative to Q1, which is net of the reduction in wholesale revenues and also resulted in a small benefit to core EBITDA as the revenue was largely offset with SG&A expenses as we made additional investments into the business to drive customer growth. All right, let me shift to an update on our expectations for the remainder of 2024. Starting with customers, we are excited to raise our total postpaid customer net additions to now be between 5.4 million and 5.7 million, up 150,000 at the midpoint relative to our prior guide. We now expect the total postpaid phone net customer additions component to be approximately half of our total postpaid additions, up from our expectations last quarter, and as part of that, we anticipate normal seasonal postpaid phone churn trends in the second half, as we saw a year ago. We continue to expect our full year postpaid ARPA to be up to 3% higher year-over-year, and our industry leading service revenue growth to accelerate at a higher rate in 2024 than we delivered in 2023. We now expect our core adjusted EBITDA to be between $31.5 billion and $31.8 billion for the full year unchanged at the midpoint, which is up 9% year-over-year. This includes our latest estimate on the impact of ACP, as well as funding our higher postpaid customer guide. On ACP, we now expect the year-over-year impact to be in the range of $350 million to $450 million, driven primarily by what we're seeing at some of our wholesale providers. Okay, turning to cash CapEx, we now expect to be between $8.7 billion and $9.1 billion as we continue to invest and lead in network performance with unmatched capital efficiency. While our longer-term expectations continue to be in the $9 billion to $10 billion range annually, as we discussed before, 2024 is a bit lower given certain capital efficient network activities such as spectrum refarming and deploying additional 2.5 gigahertz licenses from auction 108, benefiting from the significant 5G radio deployments during our merger integration. We would expect Q3 to be the low water mark for the year before we accelerating in Q4 with more site upgrades and build activity. Lastly, we now expect the adjusted free cash flow, which includes payments for merger related costs to be in the range of $16.6 billion to $17 billion, up $150 million at the midpoint and up 24% year-over-year, driven by both margin expansion and capital efficiency and translating to an industry-leading service revenue to adjusted free cash flow margin. In closing, we delivered another strong quarter and expect another year of durable and differentiated growth as we continue to extend our network leadership and further scale our unique growth opportunities. We expect this to continue to translate into industry-leading growth in service revenue, core adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow, along with the highest adjusted free cash flow margin in the industry. We are looking forward to sharing more on our multi-year plans to continue to unlock shareholder value at Capital Markets Day this fall. And with that, I will now turn the call back to Kathy to begin the Q&A. Kathy.
Peter Osvaldik: Okay. Yeah, and thanks, Simon. As you know, and just as a little bit of a history lesson for us, is we didn't participate in ACP through our postpaid brand. So there were no subscribers added there, and through Metro, we had a very small amount of customers. We primarily serve these customers through our Assurance brand, which didn't include subscriber counts and through supporting our wholesale partners. If I think about the arc of the $350 million to $450 million impact, given, of course ACP was still in play in Q1 and partially in Q2, I’d see the majority of that impact happening in the second half and even more of it in Q4 than Q3, because still a little bit of a tail coming in Q3. So, that's the best view. Primarily the majority of that, again, is going to be in wholesale and other service revenues. I'd expect Q4 to be probably the biggest impact there.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah, absolutely. We've been remarkably, I think, consistent on this Mike, with regards to the multi-year arc. How we think about capital allocation has always been invest in the core business, drive the differentiation, particularly in network performance, so that we can continue to have that unique combination of best value and best network. After that, it was look for higher value accretive opportunities to create value over the long term for shareholders. When I think back around just from the last Analyst Day to now, it's been a significant amount of opportunity for us, whether that's been spectrum purchases to enhance the long term, continuing network leadership opportunity that we have, whether that's been things like Mint and Ultra and bringing that great brand into the Team Magenta family, whether that's some of the announced acquisitions of U.S. Cellular, Metronet, Lumos. So that's been great, and all while doing that and delivering the results we have, we've also now had significant, already to-date, shareholder returns. Almost 150 million shares already repurchased and shortly here, our almost fourth dividend by the end of this year. So I couldn't be more excited about what we've done here. You know, in terms of exactly what day we'll finish any sort of up to $60 billion, that's really hard to predict for you. We kind of put a mid-2026 timeframe out there, because we're going to be focused on exactly that strategy, that capital allocation. And the underlying business itself has so much free cash flow generation and unlocked there that that's the exciting part here, is we can do all three of these things in our capital allocation framework and drive significant shareholder value. I think you asked about also Q2 progression. That I will say, you saw a little bit of a different arc in Q2, and that's nothing more than just, as we think about how to set strategies in place. Much like any prudent company, we do a multi-month 10b5-1 plan, and the particular plan we had in place hadn't anticipated maybe the pace of the run-up and the share price, and so we got out of the market there because of that one plan. But now that we're past the blackout, we certainly anticipate being back in the marketplace and delivering that up to now remaining $8.7 billion, inclusive of dividends for the year. So, well on pace. The business itself is what allows all of this capital allocation and investment, and we're very proud of what we've done to-date and what the future looks like here.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah, and on the Metronet Deal, before I ship over the spreadsheet to everybody, I think, if we step back to your point, there's a number of components of the $4.9 billion. And one of those is, of course, 50% ownership in the JV itself. Another element of it is actually acquiring all of the residential customers as well as the exclusive rights to distribute, service, etcetera, residential customers in the future as the build continues. And then the third part is funding the JV itself. So that, to get to that 6.5 million households past number, that business plan as it stands, actually contemplates the need for no additional equity contributions. Of course, the JV itself will be appropriately levered, and this is a JV that's off of our balance sheet with counterparty. So I can't unfortunately disclose all elements of this, but those are the three main components. And in fact, not only does it not require additional equity contributions, we anticipate, that again to meet that business plan of 6.5 million households past that will get dividends back from the JV during the pendency of this through 2030, well in excess of a $1 billion. So yeah, I can't parse every element of it for you out, but it is all three of those together, as well as kind of the dividends coming back and the great pre-funding to keep this build machine going and get to that 6.5 million.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. I think it's a really astute question in terms of what's happening underneath and what are all the puts and takes of the EBITDA guide and how should I think about the core business underneath, so very, very important. And of course, predominantly what's happening with core EBITDA and the ongoing tremendous growth, 9% year-over-year at the midpoint of the guide is continued profitable share taking from a customer perspective. You see, not only our ability to deliver, of course, outsized customer ads, whether that's in postpaid phone or total postpaid or the prepaid side of the house, but also translate that vis-a-vis ARPA and other initiatives into service revenue growth that's outsized as well from an industry perspective. So the vast majority of what you are seeing on the trend line of EBITDA growth, is the continued execution by this team on outsized customer share taking and translation of that into financial performance. I'd say the counter to that in terms of a one-year impact. So EBITDA perhaps would be even better had it not been for ACP, and the impacts of the wind down of the government program, which again, that is that $350 million to $450 million range, which we'll see primarily in the second half of this year. And that'll distort the trend line until that fully winds down, which we anticipate be fully gone by Q4. And then we'll see be back to kind of this profitable growth element of it taking over without this one-time distortion.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah, of course, I won't update long-term guidance here, but much like what you saw in 2024 and what our guide is, our strategy has been to continue to increase ARPA. And it's because this network, consumers businesses are hungry for more of the experience that this network creates and provides, whether that's in the postpaid phone category itself, whether that's in other connected devices such as fixed wireless, watches, tablets, new connectivity solutions out there. That is what's driving ARPA expansion. And that's the strategy, share-taking combined with ARPA expansion, earned ARPA expansion with the network experience that they have and the value leadership that we provide, to continue to drive for the long haul ARPA growth. That's the strategy here. And of course, we'll have more on longer-term trends at another time.
Peter Osvaldik: Generally speaking, yeah. I mean look, [Multiple Speakers] I'll just send out all of my spreadsheets and we'll be in a good place, but that's exactly right. It's hard to predict. Again, if it's a higher upgrade rate, higher moment of switching, that creates higher ultimate customer value and enterprise value for us as well being the share taker. So that's part of the reason why we're always in a range scenario with EBITDA. Yes, we have the ACP element of it, but we also have the element of what is the opportunity going to be. If you see an opportunity where industry share taking can flow to our benefit more than we think, of course, we'll take it. You saw that happen in Q2 as we saw opportunities, we made investments and we took more shares. So that's part of the range. We are excited, of course, much like we all are at every holiday season and every new iPhone introduction as a moment of potential share taking. Can't predict exactly what's going to happen. But the EBITDA range gives us flexibility to achieve exactly what we want to with the plan.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah, it was really a question around the breakout of gross ads and are we still seeing the same amount coming from urban, suburban high quality? And the answer is, relatively yes. Of course, as we continue to build into smaller markets from rural areas, which again, I remind everybody for us, it's 40% of the population of the top 100 markets and everything else is smaller markets or rural areas, which has a lot of geography, a lot of great customers in it. So overall, yeah, the majority is still coming from cable. The breakout between smaller markets and rural areas in our top 100 is relatively the same, and they continue to be and more so very high quality ads. In fact, ARPUs are up year-over-year. Churn is down year-over-year. Obviously Mike Katz spoke a little bit about customer sentiment towards this product. So we couldn’t be more proud of how the gross ads are continuing to flow in, and the makeup of those and the value that we are creating for customers as well as for T-Mobile itself.
Peter Osvaldik: I’ll start with the second one. Yeah, on the churn, I really meant kind of sequential trends. So what we saw last year was Q2 to Q3 sequentially was up 10 bps and Q3 to Q4 sequentially was up 9 bps, and so those are generally the sort of trends we'd expect. So as you think about what we just delivered in Q2, I'd anticipate a similar sequential increase in terms of number of bps, and similarly then from Q3 to Q4 of this year. So that's kind of the housekeeping around that.
Michael Katz: Yeah, and you said it at the beginning. I think the key to the success of this product is it's a great product. And one of the things that we're seeing, and we've seen this for some time, is the satisfaction rates on our FWA product lead the industry, and every other category of broadband, including fiber, 3x higher than cable. And that is not just staying flat, it's actually improving. The delta of satisfaction between T-Mobile US, FWA, and the rest of the industry is expanding, which we're really excited about. And that's translating exactly into the results that we just talked about, where you saw the biggest share of broadband growth in Q2 coming from T-Mobile US, both because we're attracting more customers, and because we're seeing churn decrease across every 10-year cohort within the base. And it's because it's a great product, and it's serving a need in markets where there's been very, very little choice. So it's a just fantastic job by the team.
Michael Katz: Yeah, it is a fantastic question, because we see – one of the reasons why we're excited about fiber is we do think it is quite complementary to our fixed wireless business. Both, in situations where customers that are looking for a different kind of performance, like symmetrical speeds, have an upsell path. But also because, remember, our fixed wireless business is an excess capacity model. So we sell fixed wireless in places in the network where we have excess capacity that won't be consumed either now or in the future by normal mobile usage, and that's where we sell fixed wireless. And in places where we deploy fiber, there's an opportunity for us to take some of the demand that we're seeing in fixed wireless, where those excess capacity pockets don't exist and move them to fiber. So there's really a bunch of complementary features to it. I think to your question, I think it's a really interesting one. I can tell you, it's not the primary thesis of why we're doing fiber. I think we're doing fiber for all the reasons that Mike and Peter talked about. We think our unique asset set allows us to drive enterprise value and gives us advantage in fiber, that's the primary thesis. But I think a really unique potential tertiary opportunity is the one that you pointed out, where fixed wireless users as they migrate to fiber, opens up potentially additional spots for fixed wireless, because of the nature of the excess capacity model. So I think it's a really interesting point and probably an opportunity for us as we deploy more fiber footprint.
Michael Katz: Yeah, that's right. I think that's one of the assets that we bring here, is that we have demand in some sense that exceeds supply because of excess capacity that we can immediately move into fiber.
