Jud Henry: Thank you. Welcome to T-Mobile's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO, as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor factbook and other documents related to our Q2 results, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed in this call can be found on the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations website. I'd like to remind everyone that historical results prior to the second quarter of 2020 represent the stand-alone T-Mobile prior to the merger with Sprint. I would also like to note that we are in the quiet period for Auction 110 and will not comment directly or indirectly on that spectrum. With that, let me now turn it over to Mike.
Jud Henry: Well, you've got -- while it's got a couple of good questions in here, one about 2.5-gigahertz deployment, which I'm sure Neville could hit and a little bit about on postpaid phone gross adds and add lines, which I think we have some great insight on.
Jud Henry: I think we should go to -- there is a couple in here about prepaid which you touched on, but there is lots of -- will go from Bill Ho, prepaid seems to have a resurgence given yesterday's aggressive offer, given the comments on postpaid, prepaid blurring has anything triggered this second half prepaid thinking and any color on this amazing stellar drop in prepaid churn. And he kind of goes on about the aggressive offer that we just launched.
Mike Sievert: Thanks, Jonathan. First of all, Peter, you owe me $100, the first question was in fact about DISH. Let me point out a couple of things.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Let me point out a couple of things about this. One is, I want to make sure people understand, particularly investors understand, that when we presented you our five-year plan, we had already factored in rapid declines for DISH revenue into our plan. And so that's kind of in the run rate. I'll get to it. It could go a little faster than we had thought. But I want to make sure you understand that. We have done that for a number of reasons. One, we can observe a rapid decline in customers over at DISH. And we don't have a lot of knowledge about their operations and so there's no reasons for us to do anything other than drag right on that when we make our plans. And secondly, we took them at their word that they would build a facilities-based network and vacate ours as soon as possible. So all that was built into our run rate, so much so that in our five-year planning horizon, by the end of it, we had substantially taken out all of the DISH revenues in our plans and the vast majority of them by the end of our planning period. Now, it's possible that with this development with AT&T that they will move faster than even we anticipated in moving off our network. And that will open up some both opportunities as well as some gaps in our financial plan. And I want to make sure a couple of things are clear. First of all, we've looked at this carefully and we are here today reiterating every aspect of our five-year plan, both in the medium-term and in the long-term that we communicated earlier this year. And there's a couple of reasons for that. When we look at this, one of the things I've learned in wireless is that every time you've got a good guy coming at you, there's some opposing bad guy you have to manage. Like great growth, it's going to cost you in EBITDA, for example, and you've got to manage that. Or in AT&T's case, billions and billions of dollars in future revenues reversals hung up on their balance sheet. But on the other hand, when you get a bad guy like potentially DISH moving faster off our networks than we thought, it opens up opportunities. One of the things that we see right away is that when they move off of our network, that's going to open up both management attention, but more importantly capacity. And so many things in our plan are predicated on available capacity. Like, for example, home broadband where we don't think we're going to be so much paced by the demand, we're going to be paced by the available network capacity. So there's an opportunity to go faster. Or enterprise share taking, where our ability to put ambitious offers in front of customers is paced by what, available capacity, our ability to bring in new wholesale partners or double down with our existing ones. This is something that ultimately when we look at it, we're not really that displeased, which gets to the core premise of your question because it's going to allow us to do what we do best, focus on our knitting and get after share taking and building this great network. And that's always been sort of the core premise of the five-year plan that we put in front of you. I'll say a couple of things to wrap up. One, we like and respect the DISH team and we are here for them. So, to the extent that they want us, we're here, more or less, it's up to them. We will honor every obligation and continue to honor every obligation that we've made to both them and to the government. And overall, we are going to get after growing our core business and working with our core partners. And we're here today after looking at it carefully to reiterate every single promise that we made to you in our five-year plan.
Mike Sievert: You bet. So let's do another one from the phone. And then let's see if somebody scanning the ones coming in on Twitter. We can pick one or two of those if you want to call them out. But first, let's go back to the phone.
Mike Sievert: Yes. thanks, Brett. I mean, we have a lot of work left to do. And we're pleased with our progress. We're ahead of schedule. But this next year is a really critical time. And remember, in an integration like ours, there are separate -- we designed this to be able to do separate discrete events when it comes to the migration. One is, when do you migrate the substantial portion of their network traffic? Two is, when do you migrate their account relationship in terms of the core network that they're attached to? Three is, when do you migrate their rate plan through a destination rate plan? Four is, when do you migrate their biller? Because that can be a discrete event. And finally, when do you start telling them their T-Mobile migrate their brand? All of these can be discrete events. And all of them can contribute to churn improvement. By the way, there is some bumpiness. We're actually starting the process long promised of turning down the network on the store side and adding that capacity through the destination side. And that'll create mostly delight, but it will also create some bumpiness. So there'll be opportunities netted out with some pressures. And overall, it looks like a net opportunity to us. But we're entering a really acute stage here over the next 12 months where we will begin doing billing migrations at a faster pace. We'll begin doing brand migrations. The way we serve people with our exclusive team of experts model will be start to ramping -- to ramp up and will simultaneously start turning down those network sites that are not keep sites so that we can start to get you those concrete synergic flows. All those things will be happening simultaneously. And so far, we're just delighted with how it's going. But at the same time, we see lots of opportunity to put an arm around and love those Sprint customers and we're all over it.
Mike Sievert: Absolutely. And one of the ways you can look at that is, when we look underneath that there are different kinds of situations of Sprint customers. For example, people who are happily into device payment plan that was given to them on fair terms and who have a great rate plan, their churn is already remarkably well. And most of their data is on the T-Mobile network. And so, we see that situation in our base. On the other hand, people who have a situation that's less palatable to them from a variety of promotions that had raising prices or the way their device plan work, so they're not in a device relationship with us and they're kind of a jump ball. Yes, those churn numbers are still higher. And our job is to welcome them to T-Mobile with the great taxes and fees included rate plans and Netflix on us and T-Mobile Tuesday's and team of experts care and of course the best 5G network in the country. And that's happening at pace, but we're only working our way through the base.
Mike Sievert: That could wind up being a nice upside, because only closing half the gap. Yes, that's what's written into our plan.
Mike Sievert: Well, let's read it out. So, go to one feed, does the DISH move to see impact free cash flow guidance? No. Why is there only 40-megahertz of 2.5-gig in some markets? When it will be a 100-megahertz or 160 everywhere? Let's talk about that, because how our advantage level translates into not only people covered POPs but megahertz deployed to those POPs to geek out on an old industry term, megahertz POPs. The difference between what we can offer in the next few months versus AT&T and Verizon and then how that translates into years long advantage, it's pretty start. Maybe you can talk about where we are and where we're going.
Mike Sievert: I was expecting a follow-up question. I forgot he is on Twitter. Okay. So good. Let's go back to the phone and we'll get ready for another Twitter one after that.
Mike Sievert: Beautiful. We'll turn it over to the leaders of those two business groups. I am just delighted with what we're seeing on T-Mobile for business. It's a big contributor. We outpaced Verizon this quarter, fantastic, even outpaced Verizon on churn. So people wonder whether we're for real and in business. We're for real. Maybe Mike, you can talk about what's driving it, and then we'll flip over and talk about what we're seeing in home broadband.
Mike Sievert: One of the things, it's 5G, look, we just -- as a company, we don't believe that 5G is for rich people on postpaid plans. We need it for everybody. And that's really important. And we're moving absolutely ambitiously to make sure everybody gets a chance to see and experience this remarkable network and by the way, with prepaid customers. That's even more important for so many of them because their phone for many of them is their only connection to the Internet. It has to be a great connection. And it's just such an advantage for us to have the nation's leading prepaid brand on the nation's leading 5G network. And we never held back. From day one, we said, hey, that's for you also. And right now, we have an incredible offer for people to switch from booster cricket, it don't seem to be growing at a fast pace to introduce prepaid customers to 5G and not only to give them a great rate plan, but also to give them a brand new Samsung Galaxy 5G phone. And so, it's a fantastic offer, really it's about celebrating this-5G moment and getting people to come see what our network leadership is all about. And I think that's a contributor. That network leadership both on 4G and 5G is certainly a contributor to the lowest churn we've ever seen or anybody has ever seen from a major prepaid brand. Let's go back to the phone.
Mike Sievert: All right. Yes. Thank you, Mike. And thanks, Mike, for the question. So, ARPU and really the story of ARPA, I'm very pleased, like I said in the prepared remarks around what's happening with ARPU and really a lot of tailwind that we're still seeing with the adoption of Magenta MAX, which is just really a manifestation, another use case of the power of this network and bringing this differentiated product out into the marketplace and the ability for Jon and team on the consumer side to really translate that into value from an ARPU perspective. So that's a lot of the tailwind that we saw from a value add service on a sequential basis. Just remember, we told you Q1 was going to be the low watermark as we really focused in Q1 on moving a significant portion of the Sprint base into their target rate plans. And a little bit of that will continue throughout the latter part of this year. And of course there's going to be continued investment in terms of expanding account relationships. Because remember this plan is built on ARPA growth, not ARPU growth, ARPU is still confident in less than 1% dilution given all the tailwinds there. And the other part that also is an impact here is business. And you heard about the success in business, business enterprise and government larger account sizes. So you typically see that coming in at a lower ARPU than the average consumer, but also tremendously valuable customer relationships there. So, very happy there. In terms of Un-carrier, I wish I could just maybe I'll Twitter you out exactly what we're going to do from an Un-carrier perspective and when it's coming. But the one thing that's true from this team, maniacal focus on profitable growth, but never losing that entrepreneurial spirit that we have. So there is more on the horizon. I'm sure when it comes to Un-carrier moves. We are not done solving the pain points in this industry, ordinary industries like home broadband. So really appreciate it, Mike. Thank you. And I think, probably with that, we'll have to, at this point, conclude the call. So, thank you everybody for tuning in. It's just an amazing set of results, again, another beat and race quarter for T-Mobile. And we're just very optimistic about where we're going. And very glad that you could spend the time with us. So [Technical Difficulty].
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Let me jump in on just DISH one more because I know we have, before it costs me $300. We have some questions coming in on the impact. And as Mike said, we are here today reiterating the mid and long-term guidance that we put out there at Analyst Day. And there has been some questions out there around, well, is it $2.5 billion of revenue currently? I think there's some extrapolation perhaps from DISH's cost of service line item. I just am here to say it's already less than $2 billion on an annual basis in 2021. And again, because we assumed DISH would be a successful competitor and would build out their own facilities and take customers off, that was already reflected as a decrease in the run rate. But also, one of the things we talked about in Analyst Day is the prudent plan that we put in front of you, right, with multiple upside opportunities. And that included things, as Mike alluded to, Mobile Edge compute, virtual networking, but also the ability to either slow down the ARPU dilution that was assumed in the plan as we expanded relationships, go deeper faster in smaller markets, rural areas and a whole host of other factors. The ability to grow ARPA on a faster rate as we deepened relationships. And what you're really seeing in 2021 and what's encouraging is the success that we've had to-date from a new account perspective, from an ARPA growth perspective, from the ARPU stability that we're giving you. So we're here to absolutely reaffirm everything in the mid- and long-term guidance, all the way down to free cash flow. I see some questions on Twitter coming in that way. So, just wanted to make sure that was out there. And again, that's the focus of this team. We put out prudent plans and then our job is to beat them. And that's why we're here reaffirming things.
Peter Osvaldik: I think that's perfect gambling [ph]. The only thing I would add, Mike -- and hi Craig -- is, yes, there is a big transference from the prepaid category to the postpaid category. You're seeing that happen more from a macro perspective, lots and lots of people from prepaid moving into the postpaid based on the economic realities that you're seeing in the country, which makes our prepaid growth that much more impressive. When you think about us being the leading prepaid provider in the entire industry and putting up another 76,000 postpaid phone -- excuse me -- prepaid nets and having our industry are at record low churn on much on prepaid, just really incredible in terms of what's happening in that space. And that's a big draw into postpaid specifically is what you're seeing from a macro perspective in prepaid.
Peter Osvaldik: And Brett, to your point. This is one of those areas of opportunity that we highlighted at Analyst Day where the plan over the medium-term was really to close the gap in half to T-Mobile. So the extent that we get through this period -- this next period of 12 to 18 months rollout all the benefits of T-Mobile, it's an opportunity, right. As we see maybe closer alignment during that period to the Magenta base.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. So, if we pick up on Mike's comments earlier in the 165 million covered people we have already today with our Ultra Capacity mid-band solution. With 35 million away from an end-of-year goal of 200 million people covered with Ultra Capacity solution, which is a nationwide claim basis. So that's the progress we're making with super close, it's July. I'm very confident about our ability to hit the 200 million. And to your question, Walt [ph], that's the point in time we're targeting on average 100 megahertz of spectrum will be available across that footprint, 100 megahertz of the 2.5-gigahertz spectrum, the best mid-band spectrum there is out there in this 5G category. So that's exciting. And if you compare and contrast that to what AT&T and Verizon have announced to-date, they're talking about 100 million people covered at some point in time in the New Year. And between them, the C-band spectrum holdings, they have 100 megahertz, Verizon 60 and AT&T 40. So when you compound the footprint and the spectrum available, obviously we have a massive lead. And the good news is that that lead is there and it's durable and it's sustainable as we move into the coming years. AT&T and Verizon will try and match what we will do this year by the end of 2023 when they get more C-band spectrum available in the second tranche. Of course, we get C-band spectrum at the end of 2023 too. But the important piece is, we're not sitting at 200 million covered POPs at the end of this year. Our goal is to be at 300 million covered POPs by the end of '23 and to double that spectrum position from a 100-megahertz of mid-band to 200 megahertz. And then your question, Walt, you mentioned 160-megahertz of 2.5. Our plan is to have all of that deployed for 5G plus additional mid-band from our AWS and PCS Holdings. This set us up for an incredible leadership position that AT&T and Verizon will spend many years trying to match.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Like Mike said, I too -- I mean, I'm so excited and increasingly enthusiastic about this opportunity for us. And as Mike highlighted in his opening comments, this is a huge opportunity for us, it's roughly 40% of the market, call it 50 million households, 140 million people, call it low teens market share. So we have a huge opportunity, specifically to the activities we said this year that we would be opening 200 retail stores, that's well on pace to be able to get done, also hiring 1,000 mobile hometown experts. And this 1,000 hometown experts, just remember, we're going into cities and towns where it doesn't really make a whole lot of economic sense to build brick-and-mortar distribution. So, this is more extending our reach into places that we ordinarily couldn't get to with retail distribution. That's well on pace as well. So, 200 stores this year, 1,000 hometown experts this year, we made a commitment to have up to 2,500 hometown experts. So we have 1,000 this year as a down payment on that 2,500 and then the balance of that coming into the future quarters and into the next couple of years. So, we're just increasingly excited about it. Like Mike said, almost a third of our postpaid new accounts coming in from smaller markets and rural areas from, call it, a quarter in 2020, it's a big opportunity. It is in the first inning for slow burn. We have a lot of perception to change, but we're capitalizing with this distribution push based on the incredible network that Neville and his team are building out there and bringing 5G to a lot of these places. I mean it's incredible when you think about it. There is not really a 5G strategy, I think, from some of our competitors in rural America. And they shouldn't be left behind. And we have a huge opportunity to go out there and bring Ultra Capacity 5G and so many places and be able to make a big difference of these markets.
