Jud Henry: Welcome to T-Mobile's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; as well as other members of the senior leadership team.  During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor fact book and other documents related to our results as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in our Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations website.  And with that, let me turn it over to Mike. 
Jud Henry: Thanks, Peter. All right. Let's get to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll start with a question on the phone. Operator, first question, please. 
Jud Henry: Well, that's all the time we have for questions, and we definitely appreciate everyone joining us today. It's been an absolute privilege working with you. And if you have any additional questions, please reach out to either the Investor Relations or Media Relations departments. And with that, have a great day. 
G. Sievert: I'll just add one last thing. As I said in my prepared remarks, 75% of our customers have 5G devices, and those customers are having a very differentiated experience with T-Mobile's lead in 5G. And we can talk more about that, I hope, during the call. I'm so pleased with what's happened. We continue to extend our lead. And so that -- the impetus when you're having a fantastic experience on your phone, to prematurely swap it out, just isn't there. And they'll do it in a stepwise way. They continue to do it. And you can tell we're upgrading people fast enough by the fact that all those people have 5G phones, which is right at or even above competitive benchmark. So our customers continue to upgrade at just the pace that we think is appropriate. 
G. Sievert: It's really interesting when you hear us talk about enterprise, how different it is from 4 or 5 years ago. I mean we were trying our best to sell SIMs to companies that would take meetings with us like the procurement department. And what's happened in this 5G strategy as it's unfolded is Callie and team have built solutions to some of the most pressing connectivity problems that enterprises of all kinds face. And suddenly, we're in strategic conversations because we have capabilities like network slicing, like SIM-based security and many other emerging 5G capabilities that are way out in front.  And that's not just giving us revenues in those advanced 5G services, but it's also winning us all those smartphones that we used to struggle so hard and back then have to price so hard to win. So it's been this really nice evolution. And make no mistake, we love low prices, and we're going to be the value leader here. But today, we're solving some of the most complicated connectivity problems that enterprises and organizations face. And that is a great place to compete. 
G. Sievert: Okay. Let's start with the second one. All along, if I remind all of our listeners, I know you know this, our fixed wireless strategy has always been about selling excess capacity, where we predict normal cell phone usage won't suck up that 5G capacity. And so this gives us the opportunity to serve broadband customers. And now at scale, we're serving millions and millions of them under this strategy. We had originally said we saw this strategy leading to about 7 million to 8 million total customers in terms of opportunity. We don't have any updates on that. I've said several times, we're working on thinking about examining ways that we could try to extend that, and we haven't drawn any conclusions yet. We have to make sure it's done in an economic way, and we have to make sure it's done in a way that customers will love, and they have a fantastic product experience.  That being said, what's interesting about fiber, fiber can be a strategy that relieves some pressure on the 5G network and extend the TAM, if you think about it, right, because some customers will -- where we offer fiber in the future, will be able to naturally graduate up to fiber, which is really a totally separate category. And that obviously opens up an opportunity for their neighbor to then become a 5G customer. So there's some TAM expansion there.  And then to your point, even in places where Lumos currently operates, we have a long wait list of people who applied. They put their address in our system. They applied to be a fixed wireless customer, and we haven't accepted them yet because their address isn't one of those places that I described where we have the predicted excess capacity. So there's lots of opportunity there.  As it relates to your first question around is this the first of many, et cetera, look, we don't have anything to say about that other than our strategy is to opportunistically find ways that are very capital-light, very smart to put our brand in this space, and we've done that here. And we think this will lead to millions of homes passed. And that's a great place for us to be. We're going to continue to learn, grow, expand. And we're open-minded about this. But we're not interested in any wholesale changes that basically change who we are.  No big on-balance sheet acquisitions are currently being examined. It's not something that -- we know our investors like our fast, efficient, capital efficient, high capital return strategy, and we have no intentions of changing all that. That being said, if we can lay track for the long term in a very capital-efficient way, we're open-minded. And we really like this model that we've struck with EQT and Lumos, and can't wait to get started and get this approved through the regulatory bodies and begin to see this build out and accelerate. 
G. Sievert: Well, let's start out with Mike Katz so we can disentangle some of these offers for you because there could be some misunderstanding out there. And then we'll go to Peter and talk about the financial, what we see in the financial picture as it relates to the expected turndown of ACP. 
G. Sievert: Yes. As Mike pointed out, it's not just our customers that are facing this, right? Everybody else is. But we've got this incredible portfolio of brands that are famous for value. And we're going to make sure that those brands are in front of people because we're going to stand up and serve them at a time when they might find that they need a new offer, and we will be there with incredible offers for them. 
G. Sievert: You bet. We won't be able to give you too much on sort of broad strategy here other than the fact that we're opportunistic. The strategies we've employed so far, both across wholesale, which we got started on in a very small way already, as well as this new partnership, are about putting the T-Mobile brand and team to work, selling a fiber product that complements our wildly successful 5G product. And to us, that's a great strategy because we believe we have an opportunity to generate superior returns than a purely disinterested investor could do by virtue of our assets and our know-how. And we've proven that know-how to ourselves through our success with 5G Home Internet.  You think about our incredible distribution, our leading brand, our tens of millions of customers, our incredible team. We have very insightful data that our customers give us permission to use to put relevant offers about their T-Mobile experience in front of them. These are all advantages that are purely financial or disinterested investor wouldn't have. And so when we look at this area and say, can we extract a return that's better than others could, we have some confidence. And so we think about it from that opportunistic standpoint, not from a convergence defensive standpoint.  We believe that our T-Mobile offers stand tall and stand alone and don't "need" convergence. We just think that this is a place where we can make customers happy and generate a superior financial return and that it complements a leadership product that we already have out there. Beyond that, I can't say much more about the strategy other than what I said earlier. We like this partnership. We're very excited about where it could go.  Maybe Peter can comment on the capital structure. But one of the things I do like about it is that we decided as we formed this to fund it and give it the wherewithal with some additional debt to have everything it needs from an equity standpoint to get to the 3.5 million homes passed, which we think is a nice threshold for us. It will be a multistate footprint. It will be big enough to matter. And of course, that will be through a combination of debt and equity. 
G. Sievert: And nor should we, right? So I mean one of the reasons why we were this transparent, maybe unusually transparent with you, is that we wanted you to know that we could, in the normal course, pursue opportunities and yet still honor our stockholder return ambitions. And we wanted to make it clear that, that -- nothing has changed in that.  And that's why we put an envelope out there at the beginning so that you would have confidence that whether it was spectrum, partnerships like this, other things that we would see that we could use our know-how and embedded assets to be able to extract a superior financial return and delight customers that we would have the wherewithal to seize those things within that range. So we're really pleased to have been able to bring this one to fruition and can't wait to get started once we get approval. 
G. Sievert: I hope it doesn't sound like we're sort of flogging our book when we say we look at cash flow margins. We are. But also, I think cash is king, and a view that doesn't look at cash flow margins would miss the fact that we have, we think, a durably more capital-efficient strategy than our benchmark competitors. And therefore, from a geography standpoint, EBITDA margins don't tell the whole story, even though I'm pleased we're up 200 bps almost, and we're making great progress there. But the cash margins are the story because they are inclusive of what we think is a durably superior capital investment profile. And we'll talk a lot more about what we think our secret sauce is with you at some point when we have more time. But this is a strategy we have growing confidence in that it's going to be durable.  Okay. So the second question around 800. Well, first of all, I will just remind you what Peter, I know, has told people in the past, that we've chosen our business plan to be pretty conservative as it relates to how to think about the 800. And what I mean by that is we didn't include any proceeds from this auction in our financial plan so that they would be found money going into that reserve fund. We were talking about a few minutes ago with Jonathan.  But secondly, we also did not put the usage of that spectrum into our network planning and capacity plan. And so kind of no matter what happens here with this auction, which has begun. We either get found spectrum and capacity that we get to keep and figure out a way to use. And this is a great spectrum, nationwide, contiguous low band, lots of interesting things we can do with it, especially with emerging technologies. But also, this action may conclude successfully. And if it does, we'll have cash on hand that enhances our profile.  So what's the update? We have commenced. We have interested parties. We have nonbinding indications of interest. There's reason to believe that we will meet the reserve. So it's a little too soon. Everything is nonbinding, but we'll have more to say after we get past kind of the binding parts of this. So stay tuned. But again, whichever way it shakes out for us, it's a win because of our conservative planning. 
G. Sievert: Yes. Thanks, David. Well, let me start with the second one, and then I'll hand it to Peter on the first one. Look, I'm really excited about this because I think we're getting a lot and enabling this company to accelerate growth. And if you think about close to $1.5 billion spread over in time, 3.5 million passings being the goal for that funding, from what we -- the capital we put out, that's less than $500 per passing. And to the premise of the question, that's not for sort of like half of it because the other way it works is that T-Mobile is the branded entity for all of those passings. And it's up to us to make sure that it stays that way and we perform and so on.  But our strategy is to be able to get augmentations to an already nationwide multimillion customer broadband strategy. And this is a smart way to do that. And I signaled we're open to constructs like this around the margins. And so maybe in the end, it'll add up to more than this, and certainly, 3.5 million isn't where this probably ends. This is a growth engine that could continue into the future. We're not obligated for it, too.  So I love the strategy. And I think it's about getting a better return based on our embedded assets and complementing a complementary product that's already scaled, and that makes it very appealing for us to think about the efficiencies of how we would go to market. And we are the go-to-market entity in this construct as Lumos pivots into a wholesale model. So hopefully, that helps.  To your first question on ARPU, maybe you could unpack it a little bit vis-a-vis business versus consumer and then answer once again the age-old question of free lines and all that stuff. 
G. Sievert: Sounds good. Let's start with the second one about network. I mean I am really pleased with what is happening with Ulf and team. We continue to actually extend our lead. If you look nationwide, don't look at somebody's favorite denominator, but just look nationwide at all of the customers and all of the experience that all the customers are having. We're actually pulling ahead, and our average speeds are double our competitive benchmarks.  And so -- and one of the reasons for this is that it's not just looking underneath the 5G, but it's looking at the availability of that 5G that for us is in so many more places reaching so many more people. And with that full layer cake, which keeps the customers connected to 5G, all that results in a fantastic experience. Maybe you can give a little color on what's been unfolding, talk about Auction 108 and how we're deploying advanced technologies, Ulf. 
G. Sievert: That's why we are differentiated with somebody experiencing a cell edge condition of 5G, right, because our grid is tighter and our spectrum reaches further. And the net effect of those 2 things is you're on 5G and a high-quality 5G link more of the time. And 85% of the time, you're seeing all 3 bands where a lot of the time, we use advanced carrier aggregation techniques so that you get the benefit of all those bands in terms of your signal strength like the uplink might be in the low band, the downlink might be in the mid-band, et cetera, et cetera. And these are all advanced techniques that the rollout with our competitors is quite variable. But we're really focused on giving everybody a consistent experience. 
G. Sievert: Well, thank you all for joining our fireside chat about network. And -- but I did want to make sure because there is this kind of misnomer out there that everybody is catching up and the party is over. And it's -- and I've been saying this for years. We remain 2 years ahead of the party on 5G, and our customers are having a radically differentiated experience. And you can see it in the data, not just in the rhetoric. So really glad you asked about that.  Now there was another question, though, about fiber and where we intend to target. Look, I can't help you much on that because we don't have -- we're not rolling out a plan that this is the beginning of a big wave of initiatives here. We're really happy about this initiative and how it augments 5G broadband. And we intend to go put our energy into it. So -- but look, I do want to remind people that this isn't a regional thing for 5G Home Internet. It's really a sector-by-sector assessment, neighborhood by neighborhood as to where will we have excess capacity because that sector gets hung in order to give the kind of competitive experience that we were just coffee talking about.  But then if mobile usage isn't predicted to soak up all that capacity, then individual households get approved for home broadband. And so now if those neighborhoods are neighborhoods where we roll out fiber, then we can actually have some of those neighbors be added to the 5G who wouldn't otherwise be added. And that's TAM expanding, potentially. But we're really focused on these things right now. Very happy to have this initiative out the door and nothing further to report about it. 
G. Sievert: Now on your FWA question. And specifically, earlier this week, we launched a couple of new products. And let me just give a little bit of context to those. Mike talked about us moving over 5 million customers in our home broadband business this quarter, which obviously is a huge milestone for us. And we now sit at the center of millions of homes with the most important technology in their house. And we think that gives us an opportunity, and I think I've mentioned this in the last couple of calls, to look at opportunities to expand into other products and services inside the home as well as give us tons of insight from what we're hearing from customers of additional needs.  So earlier this week, we launched a program called Whole Home, which gives customers the ability to -- in addition to the CPE and router that we provide in our regular HSI package, they can expand that and add mesh that integrates into our CPE. So they can give themselves a much larger WiFi footprint inside their home. We also include some additional support for all the peripheral devices that attach to your network. So if you've got a laptop or a printer that you need support on, we'll offer that as part of this program.  And then secondly, we offered a new program called Away. And I'm really excited about this one because one of the things we've heard from customers is because this is a product that only requires power, we're not running a wire into your house or anything like that, it just requires power. And we see customers that want to use this on their boat or in their RV or while they're camping. And we created a couple of new plans specifically for those use cases that allow customers to move this as their life move along in their RV.  The other thing I'm really excited about in combination with that is we struck a partnership with Camping World. And Camping World, if you're not familiar with them, is the largest camping and RV retailer in the country, and they're going to be partnering with us on these Away programs to sell to their customers and to integrate our HSI routers inside RVs that they sell. 
G. Sievert: By the way, you asked one last question, which is about what we're seeing with the wholesale fiber penetration rates. It's all very early because remember, these are greenfield projects. And so these were -- our partners were starting out after the wholesale partnerships were struck. But so far, so good. At a small scale, we're seeing year 1 penetration rates trending to 20%. That's above industry benchmarks. That's a good sign on your way to terminal penetration rates that are much higher than that. So everything we're seeing from these small scale so far anyway, it's going to grow. But so far, small-scale pilots in the wholesale range was very positive. And that's adding, of course, to our confidence to do news like today. So hopefully, that covers your question, Sam. 
G. Sievert: We don't guide on it. But one thing we did do when we made the changes around sunsetting our [ launch era ] promotions is we indicated that this quarter would be more like 400,000 instead of the 500,000 we've seen in the past. And that's what happened. We delivered 405,000. We haven't guided on the rest of the year, but we've said we're well on track to the goal that we have always anticipated being by the end of 2025 in that 7 million to 8 million customers range.  And what's interesting is that 400,000 and 500,000 net additions this quarter actually represented, as I said in my prepared remarks, a higher percentage of total broadband net adds than last year's 500-and-some thousand. And so we're sticking right in there with a very competitive more than half, that means more than all the others combined, number of net adds in the space. And so we're really happy with where it is because at the same time, we're seeing the value of this customer base start to appreciate, and that's also important, not just through pricing or promotion sunsets but through the kinds of value-added services that Mike just summarized. 
G. Sievert: Yes, I can say a couple of things. And one of them -- and this will be a little unsatisfying, but I do plan to lay out a more long-term view on how we think about this space at our Capital Markets Day that I mentioned would be this fall because I know that people want a multiyear view. Even that view will include an element that we intend to be patient, opportunistic. And it will also include an element that says we have no interest in fundamentally changing who we are. We are a highly successful mobile business that's mobile-first that's generating superior cash flow returns in this industry because of our superior strategy. And we're embarked upon a shareholder return program that we think makes a lot of sense in this piece of our life.  So look, we're going to -- we like this area for all the reasons I said on this call. But it's premature for us to lay out kind of a detailed strategy on where we expect to be. And even when I lay it out, there will be some element of it that you'll have to be patient with us because we're going to be patient. We're going to be smart. We're going to be opportunistic because we have so much confidence in our core strategy. And hopefully, you see that patience on our part as a sign of our confidence in our core business. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And let me maybe add to that just a little bit on your other questions, Craig. And I think Mike really highlighted our thinking around this well. Of course, it's in front of us, more so than behind us. No new activations as of February, but it's in front of us, but we think it's fully baked into the guidance range that we gave you, the range of outcomes that we anticipate.  And when we think about -- you asked about the no credit check. And I can tell you, one, that we continue to see very healthy levels of bad debt. We continue to actually be the leader compared to our peers in terms of bad debt as a percentage of total revenue. So we're very happy with what we see there.  We're always testing and trying new things. For example, we have a way and an ability for prepaid customers who have a certain number of on-time payments to graduate into postpaid without an incremental credit check. And that's because we have data and know exactly how those customers behave over time and what the really data informed credit risk around those consumers are. So we're always going to be testing around edges what is really beneficial for consumers while being very thoughtful around, of course, risk protection for the entity, and that's why we sit at the bad debt rates that we do. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. You're absolutely right, and that's thoughtful around -- remember, as Mike Katz said, the amount of ACP customers that are sitting in our prepaid base and Metro is very small. So that's a very small exposure. 
Peter Osvaldik: Zero. Postpaid is absolutely 0 for us. And so it's really finding products. And you saw us probably launch out there some ways to help consumers and think about can you get into other programs like T-Mobile Connect or other low-cost opportunities or Lifeline type of construct. So look, we're going to be very thoughtful around making sure customers in this critical category stay connected while being, of course, very thoughtful around the risk profile to T-Mobile. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And again, Jon, I can't give you all the details because we have counterparties involved in this. First, it is a 50-50 joint venture. It will be unconsolidated for us. So it's an equity method investment for us. So everybody kind of captures that fine point. And then as Mike said, there -- just given that it's a 50-50, there will be, obviously, cash infusion from EQT as a partner in this as well.  And when you think about that incremental 500 million, for example, that would be an equivalent cash infusion from EQT. And there is -- given this is an infrastructure and a great anchor tenant in the form of T-Mobile having the retail customers, there is an ability to also lever the entity up. And the overarching thought process is this is about a maximum of 2:1 debt-to-equity ratio, but it will be based on what the funding needs of the entity actually is to get to that 3.5 million. 
Peter Osvaldik: It really is looking at what the best return profile for T-Mobile is. And sometimes, as you know, spectrum opportunities may come up. They may not come up. We could have some of the 2.5-gig leased spectrum come up, and then we have rights of first refusal around those. So it's still a balance. We don't have line of sight to how we would use every dollar of what's still remaining in that bucket. But as opportunities come up, we're going to tumble it through the normal capital allocation thought process that we have that we've described very many times, and that's exactly how you think we should think about it. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Simon. It's a tremendously exciting story, actually. One of the reasons, as we've talked about before, is we've now achieved as of Q4 of last year, in this tremendously successful merger integration, the run rate synergies, which we raised a couple of times during the pendency of the deal and execution itself. And so now though, we continue with this guide to see run rates EBITDA increases that are significant, in fact, quite similar to what we had during those synergy unlock days. And there's a couple of things that create that.  One is continued outsized profitable share taking, of course, taking those fixed costs and leveraging the fact that we're continuing to take outsized share and turning that into outsized service revenue growth. So when you have postpaid service revenue growth like we delivered this quarter of 6.5% year-over-year on a lot of fixed cost nature of the base, that obviously gives you leverage. Besides that, we're going to continue. And really, it's a culture. It's kind of a flow of thinking here that we have around continued optimization efficiencies, where can we extract efficiency out of the business so that we can plow it back into customer acquisition, margin expansion.  And most importantly, and we've talked about this, we tend to think about it as service revenue to free cash flow conversion. That free cash flow is what unlocks all the ability for further value-creating investments, whether it's spectrum purchases, whether it's capital returns.  And so we're hyper-focused on how do we make sure that we create efficiencies in the expense profiles and how do we make sure that in our CapEx profile, we're making every single dollar count and delivering the next best tranche of value for us. And I think we have some really bespoke unique ways that we approach that. But that's how we continue to see this expansion, particularly in that service revenue to free cash flow play out over a period of time. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. And Dave, as we've been long saying, our focus is primarily on ARPA, drive accounts, land them, expand them. And we just gave an updated guide with respect to ARPA, both from that as well as those continued rate plan optimization. And we'll probably see that more unfold in the second half of the year. But that trickles down into ARPU as well. So I'd say probably this year, we're expecting ARPU to be up, say, maybe 0.5%, again, more weighted to the second half of the year. But it is very much, as you say, a mix-driven metric.  And now we don't separately disclose consumer versus business, but there's just so much goodness in terms of ARPA, both accounts and ARPA accretion, that you would expect us to go heavily after, as Callie was talking about, the enterprise space and the government space where naturally, ARPUs are lower. But account and CLVs and enterprise value creation is really great and strong. So you see success in -- even in the consumer space with segmented consumer offers like in the 55-plus segment in the military segment. Once again, we're willing to do lower ARPUs because you have great CLVs with those types of customers for differential reasons each in their own segment. So we're going to continue to pursue this strategy. But again, now we expect about probably 0.5% increase in ARPU.  Now this whole age-old free line question, I understand because there's some stuff that's happening in the industry. As you know, we don't do first free lines. Now we've long had a construct in our rate plan constructs that encourages higher number of lines in terms of our accounts because the higher number of lines get to be more sticky, generate more ARPA and greater lifetime value.  But there's really been no trajectory change there at all from a year-over-year sequential perspective. In fact, I would say it contributed less this Q1 than it did last Q1. But that to me is very much a rate plan construct. And again, we don't do first free lines. And so that's kind of -- it's not really any sort of a contributor to what you see have happened year-over-year in terms of our net add performance relative to the industry. 
Ulf Ewaldsson: Well, thank you, Mike. And yes, we're very excited about the network and how it keeps advancing. And you mentioned C-band. So some of our competitors have launched C-band and put it out there. And in the areas where they launched it, we do see that the gap between us and them narrowed a little bit even though we are still way ahead. But as you said, we also noticed that the overall median downlink speeds, we are gaining another quarter again.  And the main reason for us doing that is really the unique way we've built and constructed the network. We are the only one in the country who has 3 completely dedicated bands towards 5G. We have 2.5. We have 1,900 now. And we have 600. And that gives us that big advantage together with the stand-alone network and the larger deployment in the footprint that we have. In fact, we have now 90% of our sites capable of 5G. We have, traffic-wise, about 85% of our traffic on these tri-band sites that are all working with stand-alone technology and working with carrier... 
Ulf Ewaldsson: Well, very much so because out of that, we also have -- and this is an even more remarkable stat. We have 93% of the traffic on mid-band, which means that there is no toggling. It just creates a much more consistent experience. There is no toggling between when you're an LTE. In fact, you're staying in 5G the entire -- no targeting between low band and mid-band. So another factor of no toggling.  The other one is that we have a grid, and this is a unique thing for T-Mobile. We have a grid that is based from the beginning on a mid-band experience. So when we deploy 2.5, we get a very consistent experience between our towers as opposed to some of our competitors who has a low-band grid and therefore -- and a higher band on the C-band. C-band is higher than 2.5. That creates a less -- more sort of interrupted, not so clear and consistent experience. 
Ulf Ewaldsson: That's very right, Mike. And it's recognized. I mean we saw in the Ookla measurements another quarter where we came in at the overall network leader. We were also recognized by Opensignal as having the most reliable experience. So I think those are remarkable facts showing.  And then you mentioned also our 108 auction and how quickly we deployed. It took us 2 weeks to get it all lit up in our entire network. Over a population of about 60 million, we were able to shoot up our 5G median linked speeds by about 20% or a little bit more even. So really a good result and very quickly and shows that we can deploy our spectrum very fast. 
