Jud Henry: All right. Welcome to the T-Mobile Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today is Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. It may cause – forward-looking or may cause actual results to differ materially, which we have in our SEC filings and I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor fact book and other documents related to our Q4 and full year results as well as reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP metrics are all available on the Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Jud Henry: All right. Thanks, Peter. Let’s get to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We’ll start with the question on the phone. Operator, first question, please.
Jud Henry: No, I just appreciate everybody joining us today. Obviously, we look forward to speaking with you again soon and telling you more of this exciting journey in 2022. If you have any additional questions, feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team or the media relations team. And again, we look forward to speaking again soon. Thank you.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Phil. So yes, we couldn’t be more excited to continue on this journey and get the CDMA network shutdown and transition that technology and really unlock things for customers, particularly with 5G. In terms of what we expect there, what we’re anticipating is probably in order of a couple hundred thousand phone subscribers. And really what those represent is the non-usage subscribers that we’ve seen really tail off. So, it’s not customers really leaving. I think it’s really the tale of non-usage customers there. And of course, we’ll probably see some other devices. It’s a little unique. You have some end-of-life devices that really aren’t practical to be replaced. So that’s really there. But again, couldn’t be more excited about the progress that we’re making towards decommissioning these networks and both unlocking the synergies that come from that, but also putting all of that spectrum to use in the 5G space. And all of that is incorporated in the guidance that we gave you. With respect to fixed wireless, what we really see is 2022 will be a bigger year than 2021. And that’s how we thought about it in the context of the guide that we gave you, but not specific figures.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. I’ll try to give more than a non-answer to say, Mike. But you mentioned, Mike, on the merger-related costs, and we said out of the guide that we provided, we anticipate about a third of that in Q1 and about a third of that in Q2. And you see that, of course, as you starting to decommission the cell sites, you’re going to start seeing the majority of this cost be associated with that e-com. By the way, and all of this acceleration of synergy that we provided, including beating 2021 and this 2022 guide, we’re still projecting the same total amount of merger-related costs, which remember, were $15 billion. I do think now instead of the 11.5 OpEx, 3.5 CapEx, what we’ll see is about 12 OpEx and 3 CapEx because the acceleration actually meant some things that we thought would be capitalized and now flipped to OpEx given the shorter time frame. So that’s it with respect to merger-related costs. And those perceive the synergies. So, as I said, as you start decoming the cell sites, in particular, you’re going to start seeing the network synergies build in the second half of the year. And those are the things that will give you color around how it develops with respect to core EBITDA. And of course, you have other things such as seasonality and holiday and gross add flows that will affect some of that, but at least color around merger-related cost and synergy developments throughout the course of the year.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. And look, Jonathan, I think the important thing is, at some point, this industry will probably normalize more to pre-pandemic levels, right? That’s no doubt about it that it will happen at some point. It might come in ebbs and flows. The most important thing is in what we provided you from a net add guidance and what we, of course, delivered in 2021 that you have to ask yourself is, who really has a clearly articulated strategy backed up with proof points in terms of how they’re going to generate the growth. And that’s why we’re so excited about the guide that we gave you because of all the underpenetrated opportunities that we have, smaller markets and rural areas, you just heard Mike Katz talk about enterprise and government, of course, what we have in terms of high-speed Internet, and we’re going into all of these areas while we’re building a completely differentiated network that is going to stay ahead. And that's going to fuel the opportunity to bring the best product and the best value, fuel the growth that we're seeing and the momentum and the stats that you've heard, whether it's from smaller markets and rural areas that are generating the account growth. We're just tremendously excited about it. And so, despite what the industry does in 2022, we feel very confident in the guide that we gave because of, again, the product differentiation on the network and our ability and traction and growth opportunities in these underrepresented areas.
Mike Sievert: Yes. Last word on home Internet, Phil. I would say – I think some people are going to be surprised. I mentioned this in my remarks at how mainstream this product really is. And you certainly saw it in our growth numbers in Q4 where we beat the industry. But more importantly, you see it in our usage profiles. Average users are using 300 to 400 gigs a month. We have a mid-single digit using more than a terabyte. And people might say, well, that’s not the same as cable. Cable uses more than that. But if you look at the broad distribution of cable users, their medians are right in that range. Their averages are only higher because they have some 10%, 20% of people that use multiple terabytes. Look, we can support some of that, too, as we’re demonstrating today. But we don’t have to target those people. I mean 80%, 90% of the customers are right in the sweet spot of where our product performs. And that’s a wide, huge TAM for us. This is a very mainstream product for one reason. Our 5G is backed by the massive capacity of our rollout advancements and our spectrum portfolio. Nobody else is anywhere close or we’ll give you quite some time. Yes, please, Phil.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And it’s – we don’t have it exactly sized yet, and its low usage and no usage and lower revenue. But it’s basically the people who you’ve offered them a phone completely brand-new, totally free phone several times, and they haven’t responded. And in many cases, they have lower revenue profiles, little or no usage. And we don’t have it perfectly sized yet. But it’s – what Peter is trying to get at is it’s not material to either our total subscriber enrollment nor our revenues. And so, at some point, when we begin our orderly transition, which looks like it’s right on track for March 31, we’ll begin that orderly shutdown of CDMA we’ll do a residual base adjustment, but it won’t have a material impact on our financials. And certainly, whatever impact we do expect is fully embedded in the guidance we shared with you today.
Mike Sievert: Of course. I’ll just take you back to Analyst Day because essentially nothing’s changed. We’re a year smarter, but all that year has done is demonstrate that the thesis we shared with you last year is completely intact, if not better than before. And what we said back then is that it’s all predicated on the massive cash flow potential of this business, particularly in the years 2023, 2024, 2025 and beyond. So, we set an aspiration of about a $60 billion program during those years, the possibility of starting sooner, and all of that remains intact because the thesis is intact. And you saw that we authorized a pretty good capital build for this year because we’re running well ahead of schedule on integration. We want to get this thing behind us. That means next year’s capital profile will be lower. We’re going to see a significant step down in capital next year versus this year. We don’t have any formal updates for you, but the entire thesis that that magnitude of buyback makes sense and is a great way to return value in those time frames, including the possibility of starting earlier, all of that’s intact. But I can’t really parse it for you any more than that in terms of our deliberations. So sorry about that.
Mike Sievert: No. They haven’t. And look, it’s very straightforward. We are going to achieve in this time frame according to our outlooks investment grade. We are going to – according to our outlooks have the wherewithal to be able to do these buybacks. They’re not in tension with one another. And there are no preset predicates to when we might pursue these things. But I don’t have a formal update for you.
Mike Sievert: Well, as you know, Craig, we also posted the biggest postpaid numbers in the entire industry in that same quarter you’re asking about, Q4, the one we’re reporting. And the highest postpaid net adds in our history in the full year 2021, all during which we’re seeing this trend on cable, which isn’t new. Cable had a strong quarter in Q4, but it wasn’t an outsized quarter. I mean basically, it was 10.4% of gross adds. And we’ve been saying for a long time, we see them right around 10%. They’ve been consistent performers. And when you have those kinds of smaller bases that you’ll see a little bit more variability in nets. But their activations are very consistent. And you see how we’re thriving in that environment. And one of the issues is what you talked about. We think our value proposition is distinct, and it’s resonating. And I’m really talking about the Magenta value proposition because that’s the one we bring to the market. We talked about the fact that if Magenta churn matched Sprint churn, and they were both at the Magenta levels right now, which is certainly a long-term trend, this performance this last quarter would have been 1.4 million postpaid phone net adds, the highest in our history. And it’s not meant to give you some alternate reality on Q4. It’s meant to express what we see in the underlying trends of our business that don’t always come through in the reports. So, look, we are coexisting with them. We’ve been coexisting with them and we’re really just not concerned about some step change catalyst. Great. Operator, let’s go back.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And on mobile broadband or fixed wireless, no, we're not really running into that. But remember, we're just operating at a different scale. So, in Q4, we delivered more net adds than Verizon has delivered in the entire time frame they've been swinging the bat on fixed wireless, three-years plus. So, we're operating at completely different scales. And you have to remember that while they're starting with mid-band 5G, they're starting with very small amount of geographic coverage and concentrating POPs in urban areas where it's easiest to do deploy. We started planning our mid-band 5G in 2018 with permitting and licensing and started rolling it out in earnest over two-years ago so – or about two years ago. So, we know that's a different opportunity. So, we're not really running into that much. As to their pricing, it's interesting what to see, where that goes. I’ll tell you this, the response we're getting to our offers is phenomenal, the idea being able to have a product with massive capacity and mainstream usage, across vast class of this country for $50.0 including all taxes and fees, and no promotional like our wired into fine Verizon offers. That’s really cool and that’s resonating and we’re not really not out to respond to other people’s initiative, we’re out the like customers with an offer with product. The think I think they will see is that it’s backed by this massive capacity network, others – it just kind of shows a time-to-market advantage. Others do have massive capacity in a few places with millimeter wave, but they're also demonstrated issues there with self-install and other complications. And so, we feel like we've got the right sweet spot and we're just heads down executing our strategy and really not worrying about all the noise.
Mike Sievert: Simon, just to double down on what Neville said. Neville's plan respects and understands that there's a lot more to a customer's network assessment than just our massive 5G lead. They also want coverage everywhere it matters to them. And we have such a great coverage footprint, but we've always talked about in our merger plan the idea of 10,000 incremental sites going after smaller markets and rural areas and pursuing great business opportunities for us in underpenetrated segments. And our thought is, let's get after that now and get it done. And so that's one of the reasons why you see the capital, but you don't see a different goal on the POP coverage other than around the margins on 5G because a big part of this is about chasing meaningful coverage for consumers and, as Neville said, for businesses. And we think that's very important to our overall competitive story. As it relates to the controversy, we see AT&T and Verizon embroiled in, first of all, it would be awfully tempting to sit on the outside of a controversy like that and take pot shots. But honestly, we think that in the final analysis after the work has been done, the studies have been completed, we think the wireless industry, AT&T, Verizon, the FCC positions will be validated. And we think they're right. So, these are different frequencies than what radio altimeters operate in. And a properly functioning radio altimeter, I think, will ultimately be shown not to be interfered with by C-band. I regret that this has been so widely reported as a 5G issue and that we've been a little left out of the story there. It would be great if what sold clicks for the press was to say, and by the way, T-Mobile is already nationwide with a frequency that has nothing to do with this controversy. But that doesn't really sell page views, and so it's not showing up in a lot of the reports. But as I said, when this – when everything is said and done and the assessments are completed this year and people take a breath because of the importance of this issue, I think the positions of AT&T, Verizon and the FCC will be validated. And that's our company's view. Obviously, we've taken interest in this because we hope to deploy C-band down the road. We're not in a rush. But to me, that's very important. And if it's ultimately found that some old or faulty radio altimeters are picking up stray signals, then I'm sure that the country will deal with that. I for one would prefer to have a world where there aren't old and faulty radio altimeters out there. So, look, we'll see how it all unfolds. But I think the positions of the industry and the FCC will ultimately be validated.
Mike Sievert: Sounds great. Well, Dow, let's go back to you on some of these statistics on urban and suburban or on cable switchers, new to T-Mobile and what you're seeing also the ramp rate for this year next.
Mike Sievert: Great. And then on the share buyback, I think what you're getting at, is there a preconceived milestone? And no, there's no particular preconceived milestone that we're looking for. And beyond that, I can't really update you on our deliberations and our Board's deliberations other than to repeat what I said a minute ago, which is that when we put out this thesis a year ago, we saw a future that of rapidly accelerating cash flow, massive value creation opportunity and the wherewithal to do $60 billion in share buybacks in 2023, 2024 and 2025 with the possibility of starting sooner. And everything we saw then is still intact and obviously, many of the underlying trends, as you saw with our great cash flow beat this year, if anything, are improving.
Mike Sievert: You bet. Well, first of all, as it relates to the trends that Dow was saying, we see 2022 significantly bigger than 2021, and we see 2023 bigger than 2022. So, we do see a ramp-up happening. We probably fixed wireless is such a new industry, and we're by far the leaders in the U.S. I don't think there's a seasonality trend well established yet for this part of the industry. And so, look, we're going into places informed by our capital and our network capacity and where we're able to market. And there's so much great opportunity in smaller markets and rural areas, which I think we should talk about, both for mobile and for fixed. So, it's going to be a year of, I think, increasing momentum as essentially, we follow that network build. You remember in 2021, including Q4 with this record performance. We're still in the process of allocating capacity to the Destination Network. We're still in the height of an integration, and that capacity starts to massively increase and that opens up more and more doors for us because all of our opportunity in fixed wireless is centered around our excess capacity model being able to offer fixed wireless services in places where our analysis says mobile capacity won't take it up. As it relates to the second piece on marketing, I'll ask Jon Freier to comment on what he's seeing. And a big piece of this, Jon, is as consumers are trying to get to know us in smaller markets and rural areas and our brand differentiation with the Un-carrier, things like Netflix on us, Apple TV+ for a year, all of the things that we provide, some of which we're talking about in this question, what are people in smaller markets and rural areas nationwide seeing as it relates to our value proposition.
Mike Sievert: Sure. In that particular question, I think you were talking about DISH because we sure don't see wholesale going to zero but that's always been our plan with DISH is that ultimately, they would build their own network and wouldn't need ours. And as you know, the AT&T deal that they struck last year looked to us like it would accelerate that. And that's fully embedded in our guidance. So, I think we've previously disclosed that in 2021, our revenues from DISH were under $2 billion. The guidance we gave you today assumes that in 2022, it's a lot less than that, material step down in 2022. And – but at the same time, that means there's a materially less usage of our network from DISH, and that opens up other opportunities. First of all, in wholesale, we recently struck a deal to make sure we have a thoughtful transition with TracFone over multiple years, and that's something I think is very productive for both us and for Verizon. We have been able to strike a multiyear exclusive agreement with Google for the Google Offer, and that's very exciting. And we're in discussions with several other opportunities, both renewals and greenfield. So, and that's just in the wholesale area. The other opportunity, of course as these millions of customers come off our network is increased capacity for us to pursue our core business. And our core business is on fire. If there's nothing else, we've gotten across on this call, including the fixed wireless that's subject of so much interest today because that's a consumptive product, and it's all driven on a detailed excess capacity model. So as capacity frees up, that frees up new eligible households. So, lots of opportunity, but I wanted to be clear on at least what the guidance that Peter shared with you today assumed. And hopefully, that helps.
Mike Sievert: Yes. It's a great question. Well, first of all, I would say that the question presumes some things about convergence, which I don't know how they will apply in the United States. One broad trend, if we're going macro, that we certainly keep in mind is the underlying health and vitality of mobile. The broad trends are that all content and communications of all kinds are leaving and have left their prior linear forms and landing on the Internet, and eyeball time and usage and customers on the Internet are going mobile. So, the broad trend is from linear to Internet to mobile. And we're the country's leading pure-play mobile Internet Company, and that is a great place to be. And we're backed by a differentiated asset base that really does have the ability to deliver massive capacity. We don't talk much about our second best in the industry millimeter wave portfolio, the years' long lead we have deploying spectrum against our mid-band leadership portfolio. And all of this builds to a position of massive potential capacity that we can use to create businesses. And those businesses may be pure connectivity or they may be things that surround connectivity as we're already starting to see in the enterprise space. In my remarks earlier, I said that we're entering actual revenue agreements for advanced 5G services with major organizations, including the Federal Government itself, not trials, but major agreements. And so, there's lots of opportunity when you have a differentiated asset base, a strong balance sheet, a killer brand, a creative, fast and entrepreneurial team and the wherewithal to be able to turn those things into businesses. What I can tell you is that we thought it through at a level deeper than that for the five- or six-year picture. And we see the trends that we've been describing to you pretty clearly within that time frame. And it gives us a lot of confidence in the massive shareholder value creation that we see ahead. I hope that helps.
