J. Carter: Brett, this Braxton. The tax inclusive base now represents 84% of our total subscribers at year end. So the vast majority of the migration of the base has already occurred. And certainly, one of the things we're very excited about with 4G LTE -- and I think importantly, 1x smartphones is that those are on rate plans that are $50 and higher. So obviously, when we have over 1/3 of our mix going to smartphones, that is very positive from an ARPU standpoint.
J. Carter: But I think importantly, Roger, even though the quarter may have been slightly delayed to the Refund Anticipation Loans, we think that, that's timing and we saw a pickup a little bit later than we typically would in prior years without that issue. So we don't think that it's going to have any net impact on the quarter.
J. Carter: David, I think you also mentioned the inventory management piece of it, and Roger referred to the smartphone tsunami that's occurring. And basically, we think that future phones are dead and that the future is all about the smartphone experience, in particular the Android with the open architecture and the development that's happening from an application standpoint. So there is an added benefit of clearing out low-end future phones with this type of approach, and I think you astutely pointed that out. On your question on more specificity on 4G LTE trends, I think the important thing is we've continue to talk about this as transformational. And in early January, we launched all the remaining markets except one, and the final market that isn't launched, we'll be launching fairly soon. And it's due to some spectrum clearing issues that we're dealing with, with the government versus having the network complete. So we've always talked about 4G LTE being transformational. We weren’t going to flip the switch and put a significant number of subscribers on overnight. It was more transformational and evolutionary or over a couple of years as we brought markets out. As the ecosystem developed, remember until two weeks ago, we only had one handset out there. So we don't think it's really meaningful at this point to be getting really specific about what we're seeing. I think more importantly, for your purposes, Tom talked about 1/3 of our sales mix is going to smartphones and that to us is the positive trend. And certainly, there's a mix in there from a 4G LTE standpoint and a 1x standpoint, but that's the significant tsunami that we're seeing with the company.
J. Carter: Well, again, they weren't specific as to who was doing that. So we don't want to make announcements on behalf of LightSquared. Roger has been very clear that we're supportive of what LightSquared is doing, that if there are opportunities for us outside of our footprint to take advantage of a 4G LTE build from a roaming standpoint that, yes, we would be very interested in that. And that's about as far as we can go at this point.
J. Carter: Ric, I think you can look at our experience during 2010 and draw some conclusions as to how we manage the business from a balance standpoint. We had multiple expense pressures during the year that we've talked about. The Wireless for All with regulatory fees and the taxes, the upgrades and you'll see in the supplemental deck, the significant jump in upgrades that we've experienced during the past year, as well as OpEx related to our 4G LTE rollout, that's starting just now to scale. Even with those three significant factors, we grew margins during the year and there's always trade-offs. And we've always believed and we have consistently demonstrated that we want to grow, but we want to grow profitably. And we've also talked over the years about our view on CPGA. Certainly, there will be slightly more subsidy in our approach to the market with the Androids, but we've already talked about how important that is to our business. And that's really where customers want to go right now. But we look at CPGA really from a more holistic standpoint, which is the cost of churns. So taking CPGA and amortizing that over the life of the customer. And you'll also see in the supplemental deck our relative benchmarking against other carriers from that standpoint. So that's really our view and our overall philosophy is to grow the business profitably. You're not going to see a dramatic jump in CPGA. We continue to be best of class, but it is appropriate for us to let it be known publicly that we are doing more subsidy on the smartphones than we have with future phones in the past.
J. Carter: Phil, I also would like to point out Slide 9 in our supplemental deck. In 2009, 30% of our base upgraded. With Wireless for All and repositioning of our handset pricing in the market, we saw significant spike up to 50% of the base, which is already embedded in our run rate. So we've already, for the full year of 2010, absorbed with margin expansion during the year and that's our upgrade rate.
J. Carter: Well, I'll let Tom handle the competitive standpoint. I think every individual phone can have differences. Let's talk just more on a macro basis. Smartphones, with our pricing scheme, are in the $50 or higher rate plan. Now, we have significant family plan uptake. So there is dilution against that overall $10 increase over our average ARPU. So you can't fully count that full amount of the higher price plan. Offsetting that, certainly, you're going to have higher OpEx relating to smartphones from a usage standpoint and you're going to have slightly higher CPGA as we've discussed. I mean, look at it this way. If you're amortizing a $10 increase in CPGA over the life of the customer and looking at it on a per month basis, you are still bringing in a very profitable customer with potential margin improvement.
Roger Linquist: Let me add one thing, Brett. The migration, as Braxton said, is to a great degree completed really where there's probably more upside for a continued migration than downside because those that have not changed their plans largely are on some of the promotional family plans that we had outstanding, and those plans are no longer available. So the reason why I think people are not converting is because they have a very attractive family plan to begin with and probably any step they would make to go to a different plan would mean they would be different at a higher ARPU not a lower ARPU.
Roger Linquist: Yes, and one of the issues that we did see and I think everybody saw this in the industry is that the change in government policies for the RALs, the Refund Loans [Refund Anticipation Loans], were slow and delayed in getting through and they were basically processed in a much different way. So I think there's been a slight delay that's been introduced. But going back to Tom's comments, I think that he says it all.
Roger Linquist: One of the things, Jennifer, that I think is very important from our perspective is that the nature of the distribution channel now becomes more importantly, we believe as we move into a smartphone Android environment, we find that people really do want to understand how the phone works. So a consultative sale is really what the foundation of our distribution is built on as opposed to mass market bubble packing and checking out the counter with a bar swipe. So we think that this favors very significantly, people exploring whether or not they want to get into the, shall we say, the data-centric world, and so we feel very confident that we're in the middle of the stream that is obviously just taking off very substantially.
Roger Linquist: Yes, I think that based on current data demands, we're confident we can effectively and efficiently evolve our network to support them. And let me just also indicate that the range here indicates the opportunity to put, shall we say, even next-generation 4G LTE infrastructure in place. So we may pace ourselves in order to do just that. But the question about buildout will be that our interest is to get coverage, because that's what our customers want when they buy a 4G LTE handset. I think the roaming part of your question, if I can go to that, data roaming is we think will be relatively moderate for us because roaming in itself is a category, is not a driving factor for our economics at this point. And we have appeal to subscribers that are much more home market centric, so we think this will be a moderate increase even in the world of the Android devices.
Roger Linquist: I mean, part of this is ongoing. Clearly, when there's pressure, you react to it and we will continue our buildout densification. But I want to draw your attention to other technologies that in themselves do take CapEx, but the comments I made that what we can do at the core in terms of shaping, conditioning and compression is also a very major effort for us. So we want to be efficient with the traffic we do handle and not just brute force go in and sell, split, densify and do this on a much more, shall we say, brute force basis.
Roger Linquist: Phil, it's Roger. For us, it is '12 and beyond. The key part, which obviously we don't know, is that as this, shall we say, carrier demand builds on LTE, we think that, that has the greatest opportunity for fairly dramatic shifts in relatively short period of time. But for 2011, I think that it's pretty well locked in that they're going to be relatively high. The key part, though, is that we find that our customers do find attractive phones even at higher prices if they're truly world class. And so our job is to make sure that as we build the lineup on our phones that we really get to handsets that people would say are world-class phones, and that to us in the short term is a more immediate challenge.
Roger Linquist: I would say that the only evidence we have is read the history that you just pointed to with seasonality. But I think we see that the customer upgrades that we're seeing, as Tom mentioned, has been very, very strong and that's really -- it's kind of a good news, bad news story. The good news is that our customers are building once again with us and they’re upgrading and getting into classes and categories of service that we think are much more fulsome and much more satisfying for them. The other hand, obviously, we bear the cost of retention. It's not creating a new customer, but we think that mix has worked very well for us even in the fourth quarter and last year. And we wouldn't anticipate any changes going forward this year. Tom, do you want to...
Roger Linquist: I think the answer directly to your question is that the new to wireless users, as a percent of total new users, is going down over time. I don't think right now we can report exactly what those numbers are, but they were as high, as you know, 50% at a point in time in the not-too-distant past. The key, though, I think is that the influx is obviously more from the youth group, and they do come into family plans primarily. But there's also immigration and quite frankly, it moves between cities. And I'm talking about south of the border to north of the border. So what we have is a diminishing, I think, source of new to wireless, but it's still pretty significant, and we simply haven't reported that statistic.
Thomas Keys: Brett, this is Tom. I guess I'll reiterate what I did say in the call that we are very pleased with our results to date in the first quarter. I really can't comment further than that.
Thomas Keys: Dave, this is Tom. I'll take your first question regarding BOGO. Presently, only about 14% of our subscribers are taking a BOGO handset, so we believe that what we've done is a targeted promotion, versus what I would call a large net advertising in Q1. And by our targeted promotion, we allow people to come into the store, understand the offer, see if it's right for them. But while they're there, we also have affordable and attractive handsets in things like Android, obviously with 4G LTE smartphones and with our new introduction of the Android 4G LTE smartphone. So that kind of targeted POS at the store level which is viral, which is actually supported by the Net Promoter Score that I referenced in the call, is one of the things that some people call the secret sauce that brings people to the store and then gives them full choice. That we believe by offering that, it's not to get rid of older inventory because the handsets that we're featuring are current handsets in the lineup by solid OEMs, such as Kyocera, by Samsung, by LG, that people are finding really attractive for that particular segment. So we think it's a promotion that doesn't just put old inventory out there for people, but offers current handsets at an extremely affordable price.
Thomas Keys: Jennifer, this is Tom. Just for clarification, I think what we spoke about were our survey were on new subs not the total base. So as we look at our survey, we did see 1/3 of our customers as we surveyed them had previously had a contracted experience and that remains consistent today. With reference to big box, as we've stated before, for us, it's de minimis. It's a very small part of what we do. It's not a large marketing effort on our side. So we think it's consistent where Wal-Mart has been, although they do change who they feature, as you can see, they will put different campaigns around different folks, but we don't think that it has been an important part of our mix to date.
Thomas Keys: No, I think, Jennifer, as we grow our networks in every one of our cities, we always move our distribution closer to the edges. Though, you could argue that, that might be a Tier 2 strategy as you get away from the dense urban core and move out into the suburbs. So there's a natural addition to our distribution as we move out. But we think that's just a part of our handset selection, that's also a part of consumer demand for Android. And we'll continue to address that demand as we go forward.
Thomas Keys: The one thing I would add to Roger's comment is that it's really about the business model on our distribution overlay, is that we get an opportunity to see the customer 12x. So as we introduce new handsets, they may not immediately want that or afford that. But over time, what we experienced at the store level was people will come in and say, I'll be back in three weeks, and sure enough they come back in and buy the new handset. And then once they buy the new handset, what we find is that they're willing to tell other people about what they did because they're emotionally attached to what they just did. And I don't want to undermine that principle that the Net Promoter Score that we spoke about is so critical when it comes to being able to have a targeted marketing campaign where we utilize subsidy instead of an over-the-top advertising promotion that doesn't guarantee anything because our targeted subsidy program pays for performance. That's a big difference rather than just overlaying a big spend in the first and second quarter and hoping to gain share.
Thomas Keys: I'll jump on this. This is Tom and try to take the second. What we've seen from our share of the market, right, in our mature markets in most cases, we'll have a 50% share of all prepaid pay-in-advance sales in those markets. So what we find from a competitive standpoint is kind of a migration happening from people who had a post-paid experience, who are looking for that same experience but they want it in a no-contract environment. Obviously, the economy over the past 24, 36 months have driven people towards looking for better value, but not being encumbered with a long-term contract and not having to worry about what if I can't afford the next month service bill. As we put in our Wireless for All, which is tax inclusive, which makes a very predictable experience for the customer, as well as family plans, which we've noted, have been very helpful for us, that kind of predictability for the customer has really helped them come to our side of the fence to look at our offerings rather than just say, I need to get a bought down handset from a post-paid provider and I'll give you two years worth of guarantee, when they're finding that two-year guarantee is hard to give.
Thomas Keys: Craig, this is Tom again. So yes, there is about 1/3 of our surveyed customers have had a contract experience. We see some people who come back to MetroPCS who have left us as they learn about our coverage enhancements and as they look at the handset lineup. And then there are certainly people who have tried other prepaid pay-in-advance offerings, who might have been on a card-based product who find, you know what, over the course of time, four cards in a month cost me $80, I'd much rather go for something in the $40 to $50 range. So that other 2/3 is kind of the jump ball that we're all after, but we think if we get our share of that jump ball, as Roger mentioned earlier, we have a good opportunity to keep it.
Thomas Keys: There certainly is that in terms of our family plan growth, having mom or dad be able to have a sustainable and predictable experience for their kids, we definitely see that happening. I think we see less new adopters as we go forward and as our markets become more mature, because as we launch markets, especially in [indiscernible] in the northeast, we find people who haven't had a wireless experience before. And as we market early in a new market to that value segment, that's usually the low-hanging fruit that comes in first and then we find people who had an experience, but are now looking for something that's more predictable.
