Mike Sievert: Sure. I want to take the productivity question first, and then the -- absolutely, I'll jump in with just a quick overview, Mike. No big changes here. What's going on is you're seeing our continued progress into the suburbs, into the prime suburban families, into greenfield towns, and into segments like older Americans like military. And that has been a trend for the last two or three quarters, and you saw that continue. You also saw a record low Q3 churn. And as John said in his comments, this quarter, we were not only at the best levels we've ever seen for Q3, our overall postpaid churn when you look at the whole postpaid business which is not something we normally disclose, we focus more on phones, was the lowest in the industry, again, lower than Verizon, lower than AT&T. So that takes some pressure off the activation engine and you can see that start to translate into efficiencies in our business, which is terrific to see. This morning, we doubled down on that same strategy, this time with a breakthrough new offer for first responders. And it follows our very successful mold of really focusing on military, which we've been at for quite a few quarters now and really winning hearts and minds, and I think doing great work for military families and saving them an incredible amount of money. Today, we turned our attention with that same kind of value proposition that can really make a difference for families for first responders. And we're really excited about that and continuation of our strategy of doing well by doing good. So that's the first one.
Mike Sievert: Obviously, we're very pleased with the progress we've made on 600 megahertz. And it's really adding to this phenomenon low band footprint that we've assembled over the last three to four years. I mean, John referenced it 311 million people now covered with low band and then we continue to grow that number as we like that more and more of the 600 megahertz. And 26 million customers now with the 600 megahertz phone in their hands starting to really reap the benefits of a lot of new spectrum that we can bring to the U.S. consumer, both in LTE and 5G. As we said many times, this is the foundational layer or the layer cake, with the New T-Mobile. As we combined with Sprint, it's critical to what we plan to do. With that fabulous combination, super excited about what we can bring. And so, to your question, yes, no slowdown on 600 megahertz. As we move into 2020, we obviously look to continue to build out that footprint across the nation. And remember, we have nationwide, I mean, fully coast to coast spectrum here that we can leverage, and it's a key part of the commitments that we've made to the FCC and many others in terms of our build-out of 5G services and LTE. Big, big push on rural for us within this footprint. We've been building this thing almost from the outside in, because we have to clear broadcasters in the major metros that are sitting on that spectrum. With much of that work done now, we're ahead of the schedule materially compared to the original schedule that was put in place in partnership with the FCC three years ago, and so real great benefit coming through not just in metros, but across the country and specifically in rural. So, we're on it. We're building. We are building now, we're building through the quarter, and we'll be back at it again in 2020.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And let me add, Phil. You know, our long-term philosophy is that we deliver on the commitments that we make to all of our stakeholders. And threading that needle on a year-after-year basis, while also trying to bring the goodness of the rollout of the 600 megahertz as quickly as possible has resulted in more of a front-end loading a capex. You'll see similar trends next year. We are super excited, and we'll roll out our full guidance for 2020 on our year-end earnings call. But I would expect similar types of patterns just as we are deploying 5G and getting all the goodness of that $8 billion we have invested in the 600 megahertz.
Mike Sievert: Well, I'd say a couple of things. One is, I think you saw the power of when you can get your partners with the mainstream devices to adopt your technology as we were just talking about responsibly to the last question, how quickly that can benefit consumers, and you're seeing that right now with the 600 megahertz. We're delighted that our major partners with the big flagship devices, were able to get our 600 megahertz LTE technology on the devices last year, and as a result, we now have 26 million people with that technology in their hands. And I think that bodes very well for us as we think about our future in 5G, which again we have a big opportunity to get the ecosystem aligned. And I don't think it's going to take incentives to get people to try T-Mobile 5G. They're going to move to it very enthusiastically. Our strategy is going to look -- so as John was just saying, our strategy is going to look so different from our competitors. They're doing -- in particular, Verizon is making a bet that people will want versions of 5G that work in some places, very limited places and don't work in most places versus a 5G that works nationwide and that were willing to back with maps. And that's the beginning of a journey to the premise of your question. When you combine it with where we're going in the New T-Mobile, the journey towards the only 5G network that is both broad as we're talking about at nationwide and everywhere, and deal with transformational capacity and speeds that really can change the use cases for our consumers in very profound ways. It's a little early to predict all the applications and innovations. But I can tell you one thing as somebody that's been close to software, innovators are going to choose the network that's both broad and deep, that relies on having 5G everywhere. You're going to see use cases that are designed more to our way of thinking than to Verizon's way of thinking, which is that some people want 5G in a few places to be very high capacity and everywhere else, you'll be relegated to LTE. I don't think that will inspire the same kind of mobile innovation that we're going to see the T-Mobile -- the New T-Mobile network inspire.
Mike Sievert: Well, we'll guide on 2020 at the appropriate time. But just a couple of the broad trends, right. One, you're right, we've had some phenomenal tailwinds on churn. I mean, we now have churn that's better than AT&T's. Our churn is in line with Verizon's. If you look at total postpaid, it's actually below Verizon's. So we're arriving at that industry best. And that's not to suggest that the tailwinds are necessarily epic, but we have to be aware of we are arriving at industry best. Neville said $200 million on 600 megahertz, that leaves $100 million -- some million [ph] to go. And a lot of customers, 26 million have the handsets, a lot of customers don't. So there's lots of benefit on the network side, lots of benefit on the customer experience side that we can continue to bring to the fore. The other piece is that we're experiencing structural low industry churn, which is both good and bad. We see the good side of it and that we don't have to spend so heavily on activations as many activations, but on the other hand, it decreases, our opportunity. And the good news is that we have the chance to win one way or the other. Take a potential 2020 with a 5G super cycle of phones and elevated switching and elevated upgrades versus today, if that were to happen, there'll be more gross adds in the market. And as you know, we are the net share winner in this market. And so, if there aren't structural reductions in churn next year, we can look to other parts of the growth equation like activations because the two happen to go hand in hand. So the real question is, how do we compete in the competitive millimeter [ph]; and as you saw, we took 48% of postpaid phone net adds this quarter. And as long as we can continue to manage both sides of the equation, churn and activations, then we'll be able to thrive, whether it's a low structural churn a quarter or a higher structural churn a quarter.
Mike Sievert: Yes. And on the second part, not being invasive, but I'm sure you probably didn't expect us to really answer some of these questions. A couple of things are important with Sprint. We've been partners in this transaction for a long time, working side-by-side and in a very cooperative way. And we really are working diligently to close these final issues and get across the finish line and create the new T-Mobile. I would say that any of these items that pop up, any of these deadlines, any of these issues that come up as a partner, we have and will have discussions on the fairness associated with handling those. But that's certainly not anything that we'll kind of report on publicly. But they've been a great partner and if there are issues that we need to work together, we'll work together with them to solve those. And if we do have any items to announce, you'll be the first to hear.
John Legere: Yes. On the second question, I can tell you, it's been a fascinating year and a half whether it's been in Congress or the Senate or FCC and the DOJ, and now the state attorney generals. We violently agree on all the things that are important -- all the things that are important to the states and violently agree of what the New T-Mobile can do. So, if you think about the federal agencies, they've now approved -- the expert agencies that have approved this deal, it's been about ensuring 5G investment and 5G build and rural coverage and broadband competition, concerns about pricing, concerns about the low end of the market. And what we've been able to do as you've seen recently with both Colorado and Mississippi is once you speak to these individual attorneys general about their state and the things that are important to them, they see that what they are concerned about is committed to nationally and can be tailored for them, so have been very good discussions and we continue to have those. They continue to center around 5G, and the build and pricing and around DISH as a competitive player, which certainly we have been very aggressive with the consent decree on positioning for that. So, we feel very good about the conversations and where they're headed. And we feel very good and confident either in the process of a settlement or even going to trial and having the case seen well. And to your point, certainly the kinds of things that the New T-Mobile will signal that we will do, whether it'd be an Un-carrier move or the plans that will start to unveil, they are very powerful items of discussion with the states as well, because they answer the main question. So, it's all coming together in that fashion, stay tuned, good discussions continue, and as I said, we may -- we remain very optimistic and confident about the creation of the New T-Mobile. And yes, I think, November 7, might add a little bit to the conversation.
John Legere: And Simon, Matt Staneff is here our, Chief Marketing Officer. Maybe, Matt, you can talk a little bit more about the first responders.
John Legere: Yes. On the second part as the consent decree and the items have been disclosed cover, we are having discussions with DISH about potential leasing of some of the 600 megahertz spectrum. And frankly, it's a real opportunity for a win-win, or almost call it found money. And so it's a chance potentially for a revenue stream for DISH before their spectrum is used. And for us it can have a significant positive impacts to us if the price is right, especially from a standpoint of migration. So never say never, one thing that we become experts at in the last year is negotiating with DISH, and it's difficult process, but I think in this case, there is a real win-win possibility for both sides. And with that said, we're not done yet, so we'll keep you posted. But it's a good opportunity that we're both interested in.
John Legere: ...the visionary partner, he mentioned to me -- yes, obviously. So the overlays obviously, we're hanging new radio and so that's a major driver of lease amendments and so on. We continue to do small cell work and material pace there. And the other piece is, we're upgrading a backhaul. We are building connectivity here for a 5G world. And so we've done a lot of work to get ourselves ready multi-gig circuits, I mean, making sure that our backhaul is there as the radio comes on board. And as we combine with Sprint and create this enormous traffic and supply capability into the market, we need to make sure it's not just a radio story, it's also that we have the end-to-end capability. And so backhauls another piece of after play, and making sure we're fully ready for the opportunity that we can bring now in 2020.
John Legere: Yes. I think, Craig, what I'm going to have to say is that I'm not going to comment on another company's ongoing investigation that's not closed yet.
John Legere: Let's do a couple of things. I'll start that first comment and then Mike can give a more substantive discussion about video. I mean, I'm glad you brought that upfront because I would just -- I would start by saying there is absolutely no comparison for a offer of one year of Disney versus a lifetime Netflix. Length isn't the same, value isn't the same and certainly, the substance of the offers isn't the same. So I think it's not exactly a something other than the vice president of copy and paste at Verizon looked over at our Netflix, on us success and did a horrific job of creating it. And I don't know, last time I checked nine out of 10 people that watch Disney cartoons don't make wireless decisions. But the Little Mermaid will be a good one. But flattering nonetheless, we've seen this all throughout the Un-carrier journey, where we do something authentic, something bold, something permanent, it makes a big difference to people's lives. And then you see our competitors scramble to copy it. And that's certainly what you saw last week with Verizon. By the way, we think Disney+ looks like it's going to be a great service. This isn't a statement about Disney, this is a statement about how Verizon took something we're doing and did such a poor job copying it.
John Legere: Yes. And -- so we'll have to see what happens there. But for us, it does indicate as people start to copy our moves, it shows that they understand that our moves are working. Since we made Netflix on us, one of our most famous Un-carrier moves a year and a half ago, it's been terrifically successful. And it's something that our customers love and that they believe we have a role in their video live and in their mobile video subscriptions, and in their consumption. See, at the premise of your question, that has emboldened us as we think about the next steps in the strategy. We announced a strategic partnership with Quibi, the initiative formed by Jeffrey Katzenberg, and led by Meg Whitman, and we're very excited to be partnered with them. You mentioned our Viacom partnership, and they're plenty more opportunities, because in this world as it's changing, consumers are faced with an exciting world of OTT video, but a confusing one. And we have shown through Netflix on us that there is a role that they trust us to play in helping them choose, helping them authenticate, helping them pay for their video choices. And we think we've got a great strategy here. It's going to be mobile-focused. It's based on taking our T vision brand and really helping customers make great choices in this area and bringing them great value. And you see that right from the beginning of the strategy with Netflix on us itself.
John Legere: I think Braxton, we've made a brand on providing more or less, and very -- we are in the wireless industry, I believe we are the reason why the duopoly are not consistently raising price in ARPU at their leisure as they always did. Some of the things that you refer to we will not do. We will not go add aimless taxes and fees simply to raise revenues or ARPUs, no trickery like the big guys are doing. And I think if you look at the cable industry is an example of what happens when an industry is unchecked with the Un-carrier of the industry like we are. Pretty clearly if you look at the results of those players, what they're doing is they're losing video customers, buying wireless customers and gouging broadband customers because, in the broadband, they have no competition. That's what it looks like when you play that game. We look forward to going into that industry as well. But our role in this industry here is to make sure that AT&T and Verizon just can't indiscriminately decide to raise ARPU, and that's a role we'll play, a much more focused on that. Okay. Operator, I think we probably have one more.
