John Legere: Okay. Thank you, Braxton. What a great quarter. I'd like to congratulate my team and my employees for pushing this company forward and putting up such great results. We successfully launched Un-carrier 1.0, 2.0 and 3.0 and have seen a significant improvement in customer momentum. We again led the entire industry with 643,000 branded postpaid phone net adds. Branded postpaid gross adds increased 64% year-over-year and 8% quarter-over-quarter. We achieved branded postpaid churn of 1.7%, down 60 basis points year-over-year.  Our 4G LTE footprint continues to grow. We are well ahead of plan covering over 203 million people in 254 metro areas, and our 4G LTE network is performing great. We're building out 10+10 4G LTE, and like I said we begin rolling out 20+20 4G LTE with substantial deployments beginning in 2014. The MetroPCS integration is proceeding well ahead of plan. The synergies are real and coming in better than expectations, while the integration costs are coming in below plans.  And as I announced, we're launching the MetroPCS brand into an additional 15 markets on November 21.  We have a strong cash position with $2.4 billion ending cash and we are not done. Our strategy is working, we're executing well and we're delivering for the business. And as Braxton already stated, we're increasing our customer outlook while reaffirming our financial guidance for 2013. With that, I think we're ready for Q&A. Operator, first question, please. 
John Legere: Yes. Let's -- Mike Sievert, CMO, will cover the first piece and Tom Keys, the leader of all things MetroPCS, will take the second part. 
John Legere: This is John. We'll move to the second question, but I would just say, you asked 2 questions that I think are extremely powerful underpinnings of what we announced today. First of all, we are extremely proud and pleased to have the full line of devices now. And I think, a couple ways to look at this. Definitely, we, as well as everybody, had some supply issues that are being corrected and there was great response to the new iPhone devices. But if there was any lingering questions as to what is happening in our company and whether it was an iPhone-only driven event in Q2, it's clearly not. However, we are clearly benefiting from having the full line of Apple devices. And secondly, I think this is the quarter where, as you said, the MetroPCS integration into our company becomes very relevant topic going forward in 2 ways. One, is the pace at which this team is executing an aggressive rollout in a very opportunistic time, as some of the main competitors in that space are preoccupied, the pace at which they're moving is incredible. And then secondly, what we've announced is pretty much on every line. The integration, both from a process standpoint and from a CapEx and cost standpoint, is going very well, and let's not lose sight of the medium-term impact on the financials of this company, of a successful execution of the integration of MetroPCS. So that's a good news going forward for the company. 
John Legere: And I think, Simon, I would correct -- sorry, it's early out here. I would predict that family plans will quickly become a pain point for consumers. And because I think it's pretty clear now that family plans were not created for the benefit of the families. Family plans are just another way of maximizing profitability for the large carriers by forcing families to fight at the dinner table over a small pool of data that's not going to satisfy anybody, and having the higher smartphone users marginalized by their participation. And I think like any other piece, as it becomes unbundled by the individual consumers as they glance over at better options, the family plan itself will be a pain point. And as a minimum, I think the carriers that thrive on these family plans are going to have to respond with massive massaging of their family plans to keep it together. And then we'll do what we do best, which is solve the pain points for individual pieces of the family and put pressure on the other carriers. And as we said, we've had record branded postpaid gross adds, but it was 19%, not 89%. So there's an awful lot of room for us to grow. 
John Legere: And let me just comment on the porting ratios without starting to have to give very detailed carrier by carrier porting every quarter. But I'll give you an understated positive view which is, the porting ratios for Q3 were up well over Q2, and the porting ratios for the week ending October 30 were up over Q3. So I think the trend is pretty clear. 
John Legere: There's a lot to that question. I'll start and let Mike and others chime in. I think we were clear in a couple of topics. This certainly came up in the last round of earnings were there was a statement that T-Mobile was being successful in the low-end price sensitive part of the market, which we agreed with, but clarified that, that is about 90% of the market. Secondly, I think when we talked about -- in Bonn, we talked about the Un-carrier pain point strategy and how it would be successful. And we pointed out that the most vulnerable was AT&T, but not that we would solely take share from AT&T, but any customer that was feeling these pain points, and that's really been the process. But in the beginning, obviously, a lot of the ease of switching technology-wise were AT&T customers. We're actually in a new phase now where there's been a lot of discussion recently in the industry about potential network speeds in 2015 or trials of speed in 25% of 5 metro markets. What Neville and his team have announced now are smoking fast industry-leading speeds everywhere now. And that clearly, along with our full device portfolio and our Un-carrier strategy, does make us a threat across the entire market. So we will continue to attack the same foes, you might see us move slightly around because of particular vulnerability. And I think you're also hearing now that the attack flank has also moved aggressively to the MetroPCS market. So I don't know if you want to add anything to that. 
John Legere: Okay. I think I heard that, that was the last question. Appreciate everybody tuning in, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. 
G. Sievert: Simon, it's Mike. iPhones represented about 15% of total smartphone sales in the quarter. And we were very pleased with the overall result. I think a different way of asking the question about our performance is how did we manage to get such good balance into our smartphone portfolio, where some of the carriers are addicted to one particular model or another. Overall, I think we could have done a bigger percentage of iPhones had we had better supply around the launch. It was a really popular launch and supplies was well reported was short. But the total was about 15% of total smartphone sales on the T-Mobile brand. 
G. Sievert: Yes. Craig, most of our success and growth in the Un-carrier strategy has come since the launch of family plan phenomena at Verizon and AT&T last year in 2012. And what's not often reported on, and sometimes misunderstood about our results, is that a significant majority of our sales today on the postpaid side of the business are multiple line family plans. So single lines represent a minority of our sales, not a majority, and that's something that's not widely understood. Which is good that we're able to get this kind of ARPU performance, despite the fact that the majority of our lines are multiple lines and our pricing discounts from the second line onward. So look, I mean, the strategy is managing to peel people away from AT&T, Sprint, Verizon and the other carriers. And you've seen the churn start to elevate at some of the other carriers as the Un-carrier strategy at T-Mobile has taken hold. 
G. Sievert: Yes. And just to underscore first on JUMP!, I want to remind everybody that JUMP! replaces a very popular insurance product that ranged from $8 to $12. And so JUMP!'s priced at $10 and is more popular than the insurance product, but the only real opportunity for ARPU growth is in the fact that it's a little bit more popular than the insurance product that it replaces. JUMP! is really not designed as an ARPU instrument, as much as it's a growth instrument for us and a loyalty instrument for us, and we're very excited about its potential. Simple Choice Global, we launched in October. Phenomenal reaction from the marketplace. Our brand consideration is up 30% this year and has been further fueled by the most recent introductions of Un-carrier 3.0, both the global piece, as well as the tablets Un-leashed that we did a couple of weeks ago. And particularly, from all segments, but particularly from the B2B segment, where we really feel like Simple Global was a coming-out party for our B2B push. In some ways, it was a Un-carrier 1.0 for our B2B initiatives and we've seen a tremendous response from B2B customers from all segments, larger enterprises, mid-market and small business. And I think we've only begun to see the business results. 
G. Sievert: I would just say the short answer is it's both. We're taking share from the low end and the high end. At the high end, it's particularly AT&T and Sprint, and at the low end from a variety of prepaid players. And I think we've described before that the Un-carrier strategy is about establishing a really effective mid-market space that is a no trade-offs positioning. Meaning, traditionally, people have had to, down at the low end, trade-off what's great about wireless to get great value; or at the high end, go after one of the top 2 or 3 networks, but suffer restrictions and lack of value and lack of transparency in pricing, et cetera. And what we do, as John just said, is provide a no-apologies fantastic market-leading network position, backed by the Un-carrier value proposition that's simple and transparent, fair and flexible. So at the mid-market position and therefore, it's taking share from above and from below, but more from above. So more of the share coming from AT&T and Sprint so far. 
G. Sievert: I would just say upgrades are a good news story for our business. They don't hit our P&L at the same rate, they hit traditional P&Ls. And really, JUMP!, as well as the upgrades that we're seeing now are about keeping people in the first half of, let's say, a 2-year relationship with their phone. And that's fantastic, we're generating loyalty in bringing people back to our franchise. And the other thing that's interesting for me about when you look at the numbers is to see how fast the billings against our receivables are growing. And Braxton talked about the second half of next year being a time when we may see ARPU stabilization. The other thing that's going on is that while our -- we're financing more and more because we're successful at growing the billings against our base of EIP being financed just growing rapidly, brewed us $435 million this quarter, up from $314 million just last quarter. And you quickly reach a point in this business model where your billings coming in from your EIPs begin to approximate your amount being financed in the contemporary quarter, such that the EIP out into the future isn't the same kind of cash consumptive strategy that it is today. And we're rapidly progressing towards that point when you look at these growth rates. 
J. Carter: Simon, let me add one thing to that. I think the way I'd look at the Metro expansion is the third quarter was a quarter of ramping the rollout of these markets. Just get ready for fourth quarter. As Tom said, we got a significant amount of distribution up, they're very well positioned for the all-important fourth quarter. And with the launch of 15 additional markets on November 21, really good things to come. And even considering it was just a ramp quarter, you saw fairly significant improvement in the momentum of the prepaid part of the business. And don't forget that there is the migration factor from prepaid to postpaid. It was a little bit less than what we had last quarter, but still a factor out there. So message here is the prepaid part of the business side is strong and just wait for the future results. 
J. Carter: Yes. Sure, Phil. The quality of the customers that we're attracting to TMUS, I think, is a key part of the success that we're seeing. John highlighted a few very important statistics that quantified that. The 31% increase in the internal credit scoring, a very, very significant movement in the types of customers that are being attracted with TMUS. And on a year-over-year basis, we are seeing substantial decreases in bad debt expense. And I think the right way to look at it is, year-over-year, we have a much higher customer base now that we've returned to a significant growth company. And looking at the fact that we have significantly higher customers with over a 30% decrease in our bad debt expense, I think, it's a nice quantitative factor. You can also look at the disclosures that we make relating to our EIP receivables. And well over 50% of those receivables are now prime versus sub-prime, which is a significant change from where we were at 1 year ago. That's something that we're very focused on. I can tell you that I've been extremely impressed with the work that the team does here from a credit standpoint with our customers. It's extremely tight, it's extremely sophisticated. We're utilizing multiple technologies to do this. It really is a key focus of the team. And your specific question on iPhone fraud, no, we are not seeing any indications of fraud with our iPhone customers coming in. In fact, we're seeing better performance given the types of customers that gravitate towards the iOS platform. 
J. Carter: Yes. I'll start with the last part of the question there, Brett. I think that what we're doing here is trying to establish conservative, achievable guidance. And you look at the way that we've conducted our guidance since the formation of TMUS. I think you can see that, that's the way we're looking at it. The reality is, it is a competitive environment. We don't discount for competition. We are measured in the way that we look forward and put guidance up. But quite frankly, I think with our tablet Un-leashed initiative and a lot of the other things that we have going on, there is an opportunity to exceed what we've put out. But I don't think that does anybody justice trying to get overly aggressive from a forward-looking guidance standpoint. I think one of the key things here was the reaffirmation of the EBITDA guidance, given a significant increase in the growth trajectory of the company, which shows that there is a significant improvement even in the economics of what we're doing. And you did hear, I'm sure on the script, that we are also talking about increased promotional expenses for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter is very, very important. The intensity increases substantially and we are certainly prepared to fight above our weight and be out in the marketplace continuing our success. 
J. Carter: Yes. I think that our view is that the potential maximum penetration on these plans is going to be in the 85% to 90% range. So there is a little bit more room to go during '14. And that's why we looked at mid-'14 as the inflection point on the ARPU. So that's our current view. 
J. Carter: I'll tell you that we are constantly looking at the capital markets, both from an equity and debt standpoint. If we do fundraising, it would be for the purpose of opportunistic spectrum acquisitions, a real emphasis on that. We all know that, that's the lifeblood of our industry. You've heard Neville and the others talk about our desire for a low-band spectrum. We all know that there's opportunities for low-band spectrum coming up in the future. And it's something that we have our eyes on and we want to be prepared to put that significant asset into our portfolio. Right now the markets are very, very favorable and they have been for some time, it's something that we're just keeping our eyes on and stay tuned. 
J. Carter: Yes. If you normalized ARPU, as to how the other carriers traditional report it, but -- again, remember all the other carriers have now copied the equipment financing, so the world is going to get a little more blurry, they're going to follow the same accounting we do because of GAAP. But you're absolutely right, the underlying ARPU trend would be increasing. The upgrades, we were down sequentially. At second quarter was 10% upgrade rate, third quarter 9%, but that's up from a 6% upgrade rate 1 year ago. And I think looking forward, you got to remember that JUMP! is taking away one of the significant pain points of our customers. So when we look and model next year, we do not see a decrease in the intensity of upgrades with the business. They were really helping facilitate that with our customers. 
J. Carter: Yes. I think what we've said is that we are willing to invest in our network to support the growth that's happening. We did, when you look back at the proxy, have a substantial drop-off in the capital intensity of the business, but that's when we're looking at just the stabilization of the postpaid base by the end of the year. And we're in a much, much different position. And I think when you look at a lot of the estimates that are out there publicly, what you're seeing is capital intensity, but more consistent with the levels of this year, maybe down $400 million or $500 million. And quite frankly, I think that is probably a better way to look at it because we do need to invest and support the growth in the business. 
