John J. Legere: Okay. Let's move around. Mike, make sure your mic's on. I'll let Mike talk about the phenomenon where we learned that Americans love their pizza much to the detriment of those that don't have enough dough on Tuesday. But maybe you can talk about this ongoing phenomenon with the – and by the way, I'll just say coming in, you never know when you launched these things which thing is going to strike the nerve of a whole nation. And I would say we've had 6.6 billion social media impressions associated with this and a phenomenal amount of media stories and reach that actually matches or exceeds most Un-carrier moves or Super Bowl advertising. So, when you think of some of those statistics, not only is the phenomenon so far as Mike will describe critical to our relationship with our customers, but it's got legs in a very, very big way. So, Mike, do you want to talk? And then we'll go to Braxton.
John J. Legere: Let's take the next question on the phone, and then I'm going to – if it's not this topic, I'm going to jump back because there's a tremendous amount questions, Roger and Walt and a number of others, about porting. And I'd be glad to hit that and make sure that we're setting the right tone on that. But let's take the question from – the next one from Simon.
John J. Legere: And I think it should be evident that as news unfolds, we need time to be able to factor them into our future-looking results for the business. I really just want to say, it's too early for us to have figured out the impacts of our company on the fact that we now learn that $300 million of CapEx is sufficient for investing in a growing network or that you can drive at high speeds down the road with a truck and just throw poles out to densify your network. But we're also – interesting to learn that now in the future, you can just open your desk and push a button and increase the capacity. All of these things could have potential significant upside to our business, but we haven't had time to factor them in to our future-looking view. Let's go – let's take – in a lot of fashions, I saw Walt, I saw Roger, I think I saw (34:47), a number of people asking for details around porting. And I want to do that respectfully because I know that was an item of confusion this week. So I'm just going to give you some data, and then I'll just explain why I'm not here to call Sprint a liar. And Roger, I know you've already got the battle gear on it. And give me a second and let me go through this. But I'll go through the data the way I always have. This is the Magenta. This is the postpaid porting ratios which we previously announced for Q1 when the industry was 1.50. In Q2, that same number was 1.43, right? And that 1.43 broken out by the three carriers was, AT&T, 1.64; Verizon, 1.43; and Sprint, 1.15, okay? Now sticking with this data, I'll just tell you that Q3 quarter-to-date is 1.51, so it's back up to where Q1 was. And this current week, the most recent information is 1.77. So I'll tell you in that same vein, the three carriers this week were just short so far; AT&T is 2, Verizon is 2 and Sprint is 1.3. So that's the data, and I have that with complete net ports, percentage of net port, port-ins. And as I said, what's always been important that I've been signaling all along, I know you love the little back and forth with Sprint and us, but 50% of these adds come from AT&T and a greater position now come from Verizon. Now importantly, when you take – remember, we are the only ones who have two number pools. So we have two groups with MetroPCS and T-Mobile. So if you take Magenta postpaid and MetroPCS together, then Q1 was 1.73, Q2 was 1.66. Broken out by the three carriers, 1.91 for AT&T, 1.95 for Verizon and 1.37 – or call it, 1.4 with Sprint. And the latest week of that data is 1.92. Broken out, 2.2 for AT&T, 2.3 for Verizon and 1.51 for Sprint. So that's the business as we look at it. We look competitively far greater at that second piece of information, and the net adds that go with this clearly are why we captured all of the growth in the industry and a very healthy prepaid. Now, so you can stop your conspiracy theories, porting is not all of the adds, and I will just throw a bone here, Roger, and say, theoretically, there is a way that if you're Sprint and you're sitting there and you're looking at numbers, you're looking at Sprint postpaid customers going out to T-Mobile, and then you look at postpaid customers coming in from T-Mobile, which may or may not have been postpaid at T-Mobile, it could be postpaid T-Mobile plus some of what were the Magenta prepaid customers going to Sprint. And since Sprint was already in the overall data at 1.15, it is theoretically possible that when you're sitting in their spot that they see a balance coming into them as postpaid. So, I would just say, our data is consistent. We continue to drive growth against all three. But I'm just throwing a professorial theoretical bone that there is some possibility that the way they're looking at their data, that they could be in a good position. I would also reiterate, the mother lode from the duopoly seems to be what's driving both our gains and clearly theirs because we are netting customers from Sprint, as well as the other carriers. So if they gained 173,000 postpaid phones, they pretty much went to the bank and the duopoly as well. So I hope that answers those questions, and I'll take follow-ups as we go through. Okay. Anybody have a favorite on this plethora of screens or should we go to Phil? Okay, let's go to the next question on the phone.
John J. Legere: Okay. Well, let's bounce around with that, right? I think amongst the things that are important to note is Verizon has now spent over $10 billion in their fussing around. And there's a couple of pieces to this strategy and I think both of their strategies. Pretty clearly, they are trying to create new revenue streams and new businesses, and they're not successfully migrating their way from the bank of their business, which is their wireless business. The facet of buying content and having preferential access to content as a way to solidify a relationship with a group of customers, I just don't – I don't think that's the strategy. It's clearly not the strategy for us. What we try to do is we try to partner with innovative players that have established bases of customers who want to view their content and provide the capability through our various offers to allow those to coexist. And the benefit of that is as those players emerge and fall, so do our relationships and our ability to drive that. So I think at the surface level, it's an old school, and each of the endeavors that both AT&T and Verizon have tried in these areas have failed miserably. I mean, we're not looking back yet at all the money they spent. We're looking at the shiny new toy, which is Yahoo!, who's mysteriously gone from $128 billion worth of market value to $4 billion. But I'm sure with their polishing up strategy they can do something miraculous with that. Underneath this, though, is a pretty clear strategy by Verizon to compete with Facebook and Google in the advertising space. And that is a very risky, longer-term strategy against two of the very powerful self-endowed players. And for us, we will clearly not self-invest to go into those. But that's a broader game. That's a game of looking at your customers as a unit cost – a unit opportunity of advertising load, and that's very different from where the Un-carrier is. And segueing over, I think you mentioned the cable players. These – this is the battle that's going on. And I did listen to Comcast earnings today. I think you can anticipate nothing other from the heads of the cable players right now, except to put forth the belief that they're going to stick Wi-Fi nodes out at the same rate that Sprint is going to stick out poles and that everything is going to be beautiful and they're going to launch an MVNO with Verizon, while Verizon is ready to attack and fight back. That's all just to grow up and learn that you need a deeper ownership economics. And yes, I firmly believe that there will be a dramatic coming together of everybody that want to serve customers across multiple devices with content. And we will play aggressively in that space from our own point, but we are going to be very open-minded to who we play with our brand in the future. So I may have touched on a number of your points in there, but my opinion on those topics has been consistent, I think.
John J. Legere: Okay and I'm going to use this moment. One push button to say that – this is another part. I'm sorry if I'm cranky today, but this is part of these earnings call every quarter, where the [explicit language] (47:53) factor that goes around annoys me the day after. Neville Ray and his team have done things in the last three to four years, building this network that are going to be written about in the history of wireless. And it's expensive, and it's hard and it takes a long time and there's no trick-plays and we've invested considerably in this network. And the churn rate in the future of this company now that we've got this network growing 311 million POPs, the work that went into very quietly acquiring license for 269 million POPs of 700 megahertz and getting ourselves ready and funded to be eligible for this auction, that kind of stuff is extremely important. And the two things that annoy me are the flip answer about building network when your capital investment is purely backed into based upon how much cash you can really say that you've got to stay alive. And then secondly, it's pretty clear that we scare Verizon from a standpoint of what our network is doing. 5G was put out of the chute very, very quickly. As a brand they were trying to capture so that they could be the different network. And it was less than six months ago where their CEO sat on TV and spewed such pabulum about one year out consumer wireless applications and then they, together, and Fran Shammo have walked it week after week after week to where we have been, wherein previously we sounded boring with our views about standards in 2019 and 2020 and the spectrum that we have and the great work of the FCC is doing. But now that we are all caught up, we see it as an opportunity that makes sense, that we are equally or better positioned in than anybody. So congratulations at all you do, Neville.
John J. Legere: All right. I'm with you. There's a new one coming out soon. Okay. Next question. Wait, we'll let's take. I don't want to do the same thing to Ric. Let's go to Ric, the next question on the phone, and then you guys pick from this plethora. I'm tempted to go to Walt Piecyk but he keeps spewing facts as opposed to questions. By the way, I just want to say this, Walt Piecyk is posting on social a fact that's fascinating. I hadn't seen it this way. Looking at the wireless capital investment in Q2 and look at the absolute numbers of Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint, but then breaking it down per subscriber. And what it shows is that Verizon invested $25 per subscriber. T-Mobile invested $26 per subscriber. And Sprint invested $8 per subscriber, which I – again, as soon as we can figure out that trick, we're all on that. So, let's go to next question from Ric.
John J. Legere: Okay. Let's jump around. I did want to note, I love the social interaction here. And I'm going to read the tweet from Aaron Pressman that says he's impressed that I'm reading Walt's tweet. I'm going to point out, Aaron, because I'm a fan of your writing as well. There is a Walt Piecyk question here coming here in Twitter that I am going to take. And it says, have you talked to Comcast about selling prepaid TV at MetroPCS stores? And what I'm going to tell you, Walt, is we have absolutely no interest in using our MetroPCS store in that fashion and I'm sure it's a roundabout way of – I guess the Boost stores had to do something. But, in general, again, my feelings about where the industry are going on a substantive basis stand. And, from a standpoint of dating or showing any leg, I'm not interested. And in my case, unlike Verizon, I would say the last two letters in MVNO are no. So, just, the answer – there were some people that wrote and said, it's interesting that the people talking about consolidation the most, and T-Mobile are the only ones that haven't been invited to the party. And if you think that's true, then I have some land to sell you. T-Mobile is an extremely powerful brand, and coveted highly. But opening up our stores to sell some unproven prepaid TV product, that's not integrated at all, is not part of what we plan to do with our brand or with our stores. But all the power to you over there if you got excess capacity. Okay. Let's go back to the phones.
John J. Legere: Just double-click here as well because the work that Braxton has done in this company on so many fronts preparing us, for example, for where we sit in this historic auction, these are things that don't get covered on quarterly earnings calls. And I know early this morning, there was at least one or two analysts that were confused about our cash generation for the quarter. And so I think what Braxton just covered where in this type of environment that we're in he was even aggressively paying down payables. That's just a qualitative phenomenon when you hear the other earnings that have taken place to be prepared for an auction, making the down payments, generating cash, and bringing payables down qualitatively is something that Braxton has done an incredible job on and doesn't get enough focus on here. So, I'd hope that bridge with the payables also answers your questions that we're running around this morning. And, Braxton, great job by your team on all this. I also saw a couple of things go by. I'm going do a two-second commercial. There's been a number of comments and questions about how much of information is flowing here at Twitter. And I actually saw one joking comment as Jack call you to thank you for the Twitter flow. I wanted to be clear. I and we are big fans of Twitter. The product is extremely powerful in how we run our business. We're running our earnings calls on it. At the tip our fingers, how much information we have. I use Periscope extensively along with other social media. So, I just wanted to make sure that, from a business standpoint, this company and me personally, we're all in on Twitter. So, I know there's a lot of negativity or question not for us. We find it to be an extremely useful and growing platform for us and we continue to focus on it. So, that's my shout out to Jack. Okay. Let's go to the next question on the phone.
John J. Legere: And, Mike, this is still – for us, not just the retail expansion, but for us the challenge and the opportunity is the same. We have a relatively small share player and our network is wildly ahead of the ingrain perceptions for the outdated experiences of customers. So, it's a very much still a game where we've got to get people to update their experiences including you. I mean, that's – you're next on the list.
John J. Legere: Okay, Mike. Thanks. Let's go to the next question. I think it's Craig Moffett who'll be fun. I've been sitting here reading stories about Craig and his assessment of everything that's happened and who's buying us and who's not buying us. So, let's open the mic to Craig and maybe we'll ask him some questions.
John J. Legere: I think just to your credit, Mike, you and Braxton, we did in leasing in Q2 exactly what we said we were going to do. And so, stay tuned. I think we're very pleased with the trend of what we're doing with EIP, but it's a weapon in our arsenal that we can pull. Okay. Operator, next question.
John J. Legere: Let's make a note to allocate up to 15 minutes for Walt's multiple questions. We're going to take one last question, operator, and then we'll going to wrap up.
John J. Legere: Yeah. Mike, why don't you take that, and including launching into the fact that we're now selling the iPhone in Metro.
John J. Legere: And tune in to Power Lunch on CNBC and Bloomberg and you can watch Braxton Carter telling more of the story. All right, thanks, everybody.
G. Michael Sievert: Yeah, John. It's kind of amazing what's happened here. I mean, some people were asking whether or not we were running out of ideas on Un-carrier moves. And I think the results around Un-carrier 11 show that that's an emphatic no. As John said, this has just been – this has captured the imagination of Americans. This was the most talked about Un-carrier move we've ever done and also the most covered in the media with 56 million broadcast impressions. As John said, 6.6 billion social impressions from conversations, 3,600 new stories. That app hit number one in the App Store multiple days over a two-week period, and number one in the App Store isn't like a categorical thing, number one in our category. That means like number five is Facebook, number four is Instagram, number two is Snapchat. The number one app in America for many days of the launch sequence over two weeks was T-Mobile Tuesdays.
G. Michael Sievert: That's true. Yeah. Over the last week, the number one app was Pokemon, the number two app was Pokemon related, and the number three app was T-Mobile Tuesdays in America. So, it continues. We're not going to be able to unpack for you the business results sort of line-by-line. But remember, we had a record low churn in Q2. And as John said, we're off to an amazing start in Q3 with more postpaid phone nets than anyone in the industry did in the entire quarter of Q2. And what we've tapped in here, what we like to do with Un-carrier moves is tap into a sentiment, tap into a pain point, a preexisting belief. And in this case, it's the idea that there's a big difference between a loyalty program and a thank you program. Loyalty programs are something that companies do to say you the customer should comply with what we as a company want. You should do things for us. And what we'll do as a company is we'll track you. We'll keep track of how compliant you are in the form of points or something and one day someday, we'll give you something. Whereas a thank you program just says thank you. Not once. Not down the road, but every single week. And people love it. They love the phenomenon. So stay tuned for even more results down the road.
G. Michael Sievert: Yeah. Brett, it's kind of an interesting question when you think about all this expansion potential that we have. In the context of the fact that we, for 10 quarters in a row, have been leading the industry in postpaid phone growth while only competing in about two-thirds of the country and in about two-thirds of the segment. So, think about it this way. As John said, we've been – we have our full mix with distribution and full network in about 230 million POPs. And as we've been saying, we see an opportunity to add 30 million to 40 million to that by the middle of next year and we're well on track for that. Secondly, from a segment standpoint, we're underpenetrated both with prime consumer suburban families as well as with businesses, including large enterprises and small businesses. And these are areas where again we've been kicking everybody's ass on growth without normative penetrations in those segments. And so, those are big growth areas for us as well. We pick the markets pretty simply. I mean we're – as you know, we're rapidly rolling out network and we go into the places where our network is newly strong and where distribution needs to be there to take advantage of it. And as John was saying, that's not just new cities and greenfield areas, that's also dense of places where we have densified or extended out into the suburbs and in the hinterland. So, it could be areas where we've added infill, it could be areas out in the suburbs or it could be greenfield markets. So, that's a mix of those in our distribution expansion. About 400 stores this year, and we're on track for that. Above 1,000 MetroPCS stores, something we don't talk about as much as we should, because that's a big part of our expansion. As we finished this year, we're looking at more than 4,000 T-Mobile branded doors, 9,000 MetroPCS branded doors, a huge source of strength for us. In terms of the ramp time, it does take a little bit of time. So, when we come in, there's a buildup time both for our team to get productive and for the local market to really understand the T-Mobile value proposition. So, it doesn't all roll in right away. But what we see is a path towards our normal SoGA levels over a period of time. And we make the investment together with our distribution partners with that success in mind.
G. Michael Sievert: Yeah, Ric, as most people are aware for a long time now, for many years, our postpaid business has been comprised of our branded T-Mobile business as well as a co-brand called Walmart Family Mobile. And we have taken a decision to transact with one of our wholesale partners to have them takeover the sales and distribution of Walmart Family Mobile for a variety of reasons. To help us streamline our operation, and we think they're in a great position to be able to more effectively grow that business and we retain the network side of the value chain on that. It's a great transaction. It's not closed. And so, there's work still left to be done. But we felt like it was important enough we needed to go ahead and disclose it to you today since we've signed the agreement with that partner. And what it does, and one thing that it does with that disclosure is it causes us to show you how the underlying T-Mobile business, which is the vast majority of our postpaid business, all but 1.4 million of our subscribers, is performing. And what's interesting is this last quarter, had that been the postpaid business as it would be prospectively, our postpaid churn on the T-Mobile brand was 1.09% completely flat with AT&T consumer churn, just for a point of comparison. That really shows the amazing progress that this business has made with its brand, with its customer service, but most importantly with its network. Going forward, presuming that the business closes, as we expect, we would be reporting our postpaid business with only the T-Mobile brand that you would see comparisons going forward that build off of this quarter. Now, that 1.4 million subscribers is generally stable. It has not been a contributor to our growth in a long time. It's not declining substantially. It's a stable business that's been out there that's been contributing to our results and that we think we can get better financials out of going forward in the hands – with marketing and distribution point at least in the hands of one of our wholesale partners.
G. Michael Sievert: And the other thing on churn is that – and by the way, we're just – we're so delighted with what's going on on churn. 1.27% is an all-time record driven by the health of our brand, the progress of our network and certainly seasonality. In this case, there was no iconic phone launch in the quarter, and that brought everybody's churn down a little bit. But year-over-year, it was about 5 bps. And if you just look in the past years, we don't guide on churn, but if you look in the past year's churn, it has been a lot higher in the second half than in the first half. And so you got to keep that in mind as you look at the full picture. But we're seeing nice year-over-year progress here, and that's the important point. As Braxton said on these family plans, 2.64 lines per account is an all-time record for T-Mobile. So, we've been after families now for about two years. We really launched in at the beginning of 2014, so 2.5 years of progress. And we continue to update and change the way we're bringing value propositions to families. Our latest promotion is one we're really excited about, which is being able to provide the entire family with a smartphone included with your plan at no extra charge and smartphones are getting affordable enough that we can do this in a very cost-effective way and we found a way to provide that. And obviously the market is very excited about it. So – and we will stay focused on this market. And as Braxton said, data attach is growing and family plans are hitting an all-time high. Those generally offset each other to provide ARPU stability of the kind we've been talking about and telling you to expect.
G. Michael Sievert: Absolutely. And because at the end of the day, what people care about is coverage. We are the fastest network in the country. We have been for well over two years. But what they really care about is coverage. We've more than doubled our coverage in the last year and 700 megahertz is mostly gets the credit for that. And as you know, I mean that's something that is just an epic achievement of the company, now having 269 million POPs of licenses for extended range LTE and we're rapidly rolling out against that. So, still some potential...
G. Michael Sievert: (1:22:09). Leasing versus EIP. As you know, we've been focused on EIP this quarter. We've said that's going to be generally the focus for the short-term. But we're really pleased that we've got two great products that our customers love. And so we like to maintain some elements of surprise here competitively. We focused on EIP, largely because we found our team is better at it, based on the state of the IT systems. And as Braxton's mentioned, we're making big investments right now in IT transformation, and our systems are more mature on the EIP side. Now, that makes the transaction times faster and that allows us to be more productive at retail. But that's not a static state. With each passing month, we're making big strides in IT, which may cause us to change the strategy or may cause us to do something completely new and unexpected. So, stay tuned to this space.
G. Michael Sievert: Yeah, Amir, of course. So, there's a couple of things here. One is we have seen places where we have built out network and then followed it with distribution. And what we've seen is that we can achieve our normative SoGA, share of gross add, rates when we come into the market late like that. And one of the reasons – it's kind of obvious, I mean, we do most of our marketing nationally. And so there are places where – actually, there is some pent-up demand where people have been for years seeing commercials about T-Mobile and they can only get in that market, maybe in that small town or mid-size – maybe Verizon and a rural carrier. And now, there's exciting new choice, and so there is an opportunity for us to achieve our normative SoGA levels. It takes a little time. And so, when we tell you that we're going to achieve 30 million to 40 million more in POPs and distribution by the middle of the next year, you can't do straight line math, but the end point is normative SOGA levels.
G. Michael Sievert: Yeah. Everything we can tell, Metro is not only the biggest prepaid business, the fastest-growing prepaid business, but the most effective at taking postpaid subscribers from competitors. It competes very well in a group we measure carefully which is people who port their numbers, who've had their phone number for at least a couple of years, who have a proven ability to pay, MetroPCS is highly effective at winning those kinds of customers. And that's why, as John said, we have an all-time high prepaid ARPU this quarter. And so, it's really important to start to dig in to the fundamentals of this prepaid business because it's a fantastic business. As John said, we now carry the iPhone at our MetroPCS stores. We're adding 1,000 stores this year to roughly 9,000 stores nationwide. We're covering 200 million POPs with MetroPCS in 65 markets in 100 cities. So, this is a powerhouse, the biggest, the fastest-growing and the most effective at competing for postpaid style customers.
J. Braxton Carter: Yeah. Good morning, John, and really good questions. I'll put one final answer on your cost question on Un-carrier 11. Of all the Un-carrier moves, this was actually very, very ranked at the bottom of total cost investment, fully embedded in our actual results and fully embedded in the guidance that we put out. And you got to remember, there's a lot of innovation, and we're partnering with other companies to the benefit of other companies in what we're doing with Un-carrier 11. So it's actually quite affordable. On your margin question, I think you very accurately pointed out we're already at the top end of our EBITDA margin guidance that we have reiterated multiple times, which definitely tells you, as we continue to scale, the opportunity is to significantly grow our margins past the 36% range. And the other thing that we need to take into account is, remember, we had over 100% of the growth in postpaid voice phone in the second quarter, almost 200% in the first quarter. We're growing significantly, and that has significantly impacted our margins. We have a lot of momentum. We have a lot of growth ahead of us, but we're achieving this margin expansion, while being the fastest-growing and truly in certain categories, the only growing wireless carrier in America.
J. Braxton Carter: Yeah. No, I think that was a great recap. And I think – the only thing I would add is that is our only co-branded partner that was embedded or currently embedded in our postpaid number. So, this is completely a one-off. From a EBITDA standpoint, it's fairly neutral, but certainly the ARPUs on Walmart Family and the underlying demographics are very differ from the rest of the T-Mobile base. And I think that one thing that's going to be exciting to seeing true T-Mobile branded postpaid results going forward. And it is best-in-class.
J. Braxton Carter: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. Great questions. Yeah, I think the whole free cash flow story is one the things that we actually get the most excited about here at T-Mobile when we look at future projections. And I think it's informative to look at the differences in the first half of this year versus the first half of the prior year. And even though we're showing very substantial growth in our free cash flow, that's in the context for the first six months of this year, that we've spent $500 million more in CapEx on a fairly flat CapEx budget from 2015 to 2016. So, it's a much more front-loaded in 2016 than it was in 2015. And we're doing that because the goodness of rapidly rolling out the 700 megahertz and it all it does for us from a lift, from an expansion, and from a retention standpoint is key. The second thing if you really teased the numbers out, when you look at the net payables for the first six months of 2016 versus the first six months of 2015, there was an incremental $300 million-plus reduction in payables over the prior year. And that's coming out of a strategy of really trying to optimize every part of the financial equation. And we're in a position where we have entered into new agreements with early pay discounts and trying to take full advantage of those early pay discounts. It falls right to the bottom line. And that's a really shift in strategy that we've had over the last year. Those two items alone are organically $800 million more in working capital generation in 2016 versus what we did in 2015. We're investing it in those types of initiatives. But I think what gets really exciting is, yeah, the thesis is fully intact. You look at the midpoints of the guidance, you look at the front ending of CapEx during the year, you're going to see some very nice working capital increases the balance of the year, and just wait for 2017. This story really with the leverage we're getting, with the scale we're getting, we're extremely excited about it. Your final question, we do have a capitalization policy that has been keeping our net leverage between three times and four times. And we do think that leverage is healthy to the equity component if it's reasonable and prudent. We're certainly going to be increasing the leverage based upon everything that we've announced on debt we've raised and the commitments we have from DT which again was better than anything we could've gotten in the open market. But the way that this model is performing and the way we're executing, we very rapidly delever. So, when you look a year out, what we'll have at our disposal is a decision to make on are there opportunities to invest in our business that will create a higher return versus returning capital to shareholders. And, ultimately, that's the right way to look at it from a fiduciary standpoint. And, we'll see what develops, we'll see what opportunities develop. I think we're very uniquely positioned to capitalize on several opportunities in the future. And, certainly, with the way this model is working and the way that we're executing on return of equity or cash to shareholders in the future, it will certainly happen. I would position it more as mid-term being two years to three years out before we'll probably be looking at that type of scenario. But, hey, let's see what develops.
J. Braxton Carter: Yeah. Let me start with that and we'll have Mike address the family plan component. For the second quarter in a row, adjusted for Data Stash, you've seen sequential growth in our ARPUs. Again, adjusted for Data Stash, it was up 0.8%. If you look at the balance of the industry and you look at the trajectory of ARPU, it's another way that where I think we're really differentiating. The strength comes with data attach as well as penetration of insurance on higher end iconic devices. Those are two of the strengths that we have and data attach being the most significant. And that's even in the context of Binge On, but remember to really participate in Binge On, you have to be at least on a 3-gig plan. So, a lot of what we do is very well thought through from an Un-carrier standpoint that encourages placement of the consumer in the appropriate bucket for their usage. But as data usage has gone up, you're seeing that progression in data attach. And that's been the strength and the underlying driver of what's causing the two quarters in a row in the sequential improvement in ARPU. Offsetting that are family plan promos. And the interesting thing about family plan promos, you're doing discounts on your additional lines in the family unit. But when you look at the overall NPV, you're sacrificing some ARPU but you're creating more value for your company, it has a better retention, lower overall SAC costs, so it's a trade-off well worth making. And you can look at our per subscriber metrics, consistent quarter-over-quarter on the number of lines per account has been significantly increasing which is showing the results of this emphasis on family plans, and that absolutely will continue. And that's when we talk about ARPU as we talk about general stability, certainly there's underlying strength there. But the family penetration especially when you look at the AT&T and Verizon base where over 80% of their customers are family plan units, that's very, very important for us. Let me hand it over to Mike to...
J. Braxton Carter: Well, remember that this transaction will not close and it has not closed now, and it will not close towards the later part of the third quarter. And it's not a retroactive. It will be a prospective. So, no, you would not get the full benefit of that transaction when it closes in the third quarter. You'll see run rate in the fourth quarter.
J. Braxton Carter: Yeah. Walt, again, you're very astute when it comes to looking at all aspects of our financials. But the one thing I would say is we really cannot comment anything related to the auction. But I can tell you that we fully stand behind all the public comments that we've made in the past. And I'll have to leave it at that.
J. Braxton Carter: Yeah. Thank you, everyone, for tuning in. We very much look forward to speaking to you again on next quarter and thanks for your participation.
Neville R. Ray: Yes. Thanks, Simon. Thanks for the question. So, obviously, we're delighted with the progress that we're making on our LTE rollout. John touched on key stats there. The 311 million covered POPs with LTE is pretty remarkable when you look back at where we were a year or two years ago, so continued tremendous progress on that front. The low-band rollout is also well ahead of our schedule. Braxton referenced in his comments at the beginning of the call that, that count somewhat front-loaded our CapEx in the first half of the year. We're at over 200 million people now covered with our low-band spectrum. And it's very clear when you look at our customer results, record-breaking churn levels now, our lowest levels ever in the company's history, that the impact of that low-band spectrum is truly starting to take effect for the company. So great progress on many, many fronts on the LTE rollout. Couldn't be happier with the progress we're making. We have a lot more to run at as we go through the balance of this year. We have almost 270 million licensed POPs now with low-band, so another 70 million to go after or just under. We will take down a big chunk of that in 2016 in the second half of this year. There isn't a team that works faster and harder in this industry than the team I have here at T-Mobile in terms of deploying LTE networks. So there are many areas that will benefit from low-band through the end of this year. You referenced Chicago, which is a new spectrum addition for us. We're starting to work very hard on that. Obviously, the deal still has to go through final approvals, et cetera, with the FCC, should be no issues at all on that front. But Chicago is a fairly recent acquisition, so I would expect Chicago will be more of a 2017 turnout than much to see in 2016. But you can take it to the bank that we will have a much bigger number than 200 million covered POPs on low band by the end of this year. So coverage piece, tremendous progress. You referenced small cells and capacity. I think as we've talked many times before, we benefit from the strongest mid-band spectrum position in the industry. We have a tremendous macro network, which is delivering the fastest LTE across the U.S. today. That's a great proxy for the offered capacity that's available on the network. It's truly broad-based coverage. We are starting to densify our network, as you hear from many others, but we don't have to move at the same pace that they are. We are working small cell opportunities, which you specifically asked about, Simon. We have several thousand that we're working on. Not all of those will come up this year. But because of the strong spectrum position we have and the very dense macro network that we have and the types of spectrum that we're deploying, we don't have to rush headlong after the densification that you hear from some of our competition. We're re-farming our spectrum very rapidly. I often talk about having not just the fastest and fastest-growing LTE network in the U.S., but the most advanced. We have now over – almost, actually, 90% of our data traffic is on our LTE network, 58% of our voice traffic; 58%, nobody can match anything like that, of our voice traffic is now on LTE. Why is that important? It allows us to free up legacy technology-bound spectrum. Much of our competitive set is wrapped up in old legacy technology, so they can't free themselves up for several years to come. So more and more LTE from us, more re-farming, allows us to really strengthen that capacity position that we've done so well with over the last year or two years. So coverage, capacity, all coming together, lots more to talk about, we'll see other questions that come on the call. And obviously, we're in the midst of a very, very exciting auction, one that I think will forever change the competitive landscape in the U.S. to the benefit of T-Mobile.
Neville R. Ray: It's very strong, Simon. It's well more than half of the base. Pretty much everything we sell now is 700 megahertz banded. North of 70% of our customers have LTE-banded handsets. And the lion's share of those have band 12, so tremendous progress, not just rolling out the network, but getting the benefit of the network into our customers' hands.
Neville R. Ray: Yes. I mean, obviously, we're – we applaud the FCC's efforts to move forward on 5G spectrum sources for the industry. It's key. And Chairman Wheeler and the team have done a great job of pushing forward here at a great pace and well ahead many other places in the world. So that's good to see. And clearly for us, I mean, one of the bands that they've – they're slating for 5G users is a spectrum band where we already own spectrum unlike most of our competitors who are begging, stealing or borrowing. We actually do own a chunk of – and a sizable chunk of 28 gigahertz. So, some good alignment pieces there. But to your question, Phil, I mean, I think for me, jury is still out on what's going to happen on the 5G story. We could talk about this for the next 30 minutes, but I'll avoid it. I'll try and do it in a couple. It's clear that Verizon has attempted to take a leadership position on 5G and got way out in front of their feet (44:45) if you go back six, nine months ago. It's very, very clear that we aren't going to be at the Super Bowl next year with 5G phones doing wonderful things that Lowell talked about a couple of quarters back. We are going to have to be patient for mobility solutions in the 5G space. And by patient, I mean, it's 19 and 20. I'm just back from European visits, and it's very clear talking to the folks we're really – with a heart at driving these technologies that we have to be patient. That doesn't mean there isn't a lot of work to do, and we're extremely engaged with our vendors. We have trials and testing and work all underway at T-Mobile. More news will come on that as we work through the balance of the year, and I'm excited. Don't get me wrong. I'm very excited about the 5G opportunity. What I'm not hugely excited about is the optimization of delivery of broadband to the home. And that's what Verizon has gone out and trumped us. This is 5G. You want to have the first 5G network. Really talking about optimizing the economics of last-mile delivery for home broadband. Not even a mobility story. So is that exciting, is that exciting for the cable guys? Bit of a threat to the cable guys to your question, I think, right? So the cable folks have to think about what's going to happen in that space pretty long and hard. For Verizon, and for Verizon's customers, am I hugely excited about watching Netflix on a link that's wireless compared to fixed, fiber compared to a 5G wireless service? Not really. I think my Netflix is going to look pretty much the same. That's not a hugely exciting 5G use case, especially if you have concerns about will the economic benefits be passed down to the customers on the end of it. So we are far more focused and excited about will happen in the 5G space with mobility. It's very, very clear from Verizon and everybody else that the base layer of technology over the next 10 years, 15 years is going to be 4G LTE and 5G will come in, it will offer better speeds, better latencies, a whole host of opportunities in mobility with virtual and/or bended reality, a whole host of things that we're starting to work on and explore. As I said, we'll have to be patient for those, but it's going to take some time and the networks will have to densify and the range and capability of the spectrum that's being targeted for 5G at this point in time is going to be very limited. The physics of ensuring a 28 gigahertz or a higher banded signal can actually match what you can do with 600 megahertz or 700 megahertz spectrum. Every engineer that's ever looked to wireless understands how big a challenge that will be. So there's a lot to come, Phil. Obviously, we're – back to your question, we're very positive, we won't be seeing (47:29) in terms of the 5G movement. We will push very hard to make sure that it comes into the mobility space as soon as possible and we'll be a leader in that, but a lot of work to happen.
Neville R. Ray: Yeah. Let me run it, Craig. I mean I think the – if you look at densification today and what's being talked about, you have to come back to the spectrum that you own and the assets that you have. And unfortunately, for the Sprint folks, they are still trying to figure out how to deploy effectively 2.5 gig spectrum. It's a challenge of physics. It doesn't propagate that well. And so, they are having to adopt mass densification strategies. The rest of the competitive set, quite frankly, don't at this point in time. That's a big challenge for them. It's an even bigger challenge if you have no money to fund it. And so, they are in a tough spot. I give the network team credit. I mean they're working hard to solve the problem, but I think they're on Version 352 with their network plan to fix this thing. And it seems to be pretty damn stalled at this point in time, be that capital, be that permitting, be that vendor equipment or a combination of all of those things. So, when you hear Verizon and us and AT&T talk about densification, it's a much more measured story. And it's because of the spectrum assets that we have. Verizon and AT&T have to do more because, today, they have a bigger customer base than us, and they don't have the wealth of mid-band spectrum that we have following the combination with Metro. And so, we're in a very strong position with a very powerful macro network that allows us to look at densification where our customer loading or payload on the network is at its most intense. And so, that's just an offload strategy more than how do I deliver my core LTE product to my base strategy which Sprint is still struggling through. Now, when you come to 5G, I mean it's the current debate on steroids, right? 28-gig and with everything that will happen with massive MIMO and beam forming, sure the physics will help. But it's going to be very, very difficult to match 28-gig to even 2.5-gig spectrum performance. And so, the industry is working very hard on those things, but I think early 5G rollouts will be pretty much capacity-type offloads. You'll see them in small dense areas of network, maybe core areas in big cities. That's why you'll see this stuff happen in urban footprints to begin with. But it's going to be years, decades, maybe even never when you're going to see 28-gig deployed on a broad scale basis. The physics just don't work and the costs to make it work across that type of range. If Sprint can't make it work in 2.5-gig, how is the industry going to break the back of it in 28 gigahertz or 70 gigahertz? And so, I think your question about what does that all cost from a 5G vision perspective? Right now, this game, right, in the next three years to four years in this industry, it's all about what you do on LTE, and LTE Advanced. That's the game. And as I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, we're the most advanced LTE network in the U.S. We have delivered the functionality and capability on LTE features be it MIMO, carrier agg, whatever the situation or feature may be ahead of our competition. And we're moving very, very quickly to ensure that LTE capacity and coverage is delivered to meet the requirements of our customer base. That's the game in the next two years to three years. 5G will come on and the densification strategies will evolve as we resolve the physics on propagation. But it's going to take some time. It's going to take several years for the whole economics here to work through.
Neville R. Ray: So, special access to all business (1:21:29) data services as it's now called, we're supportive. I mean, Mike, for us – we were the first carrier. Sounds crazy, but to deliver five band – fiber to the cell. And we've resolved the economics on that core strategies long ago when we continue to scale and do that very, very economically for us. So, I'm hopeful that the new regulation will help us as we push into more rural and tough areas to fiber across the U.S. So, we're supportive, but we don't need it to resolve our economic – the economics of our backhaul.
Neville R. Ray: I mean, Amir, you never say never, but obviously we have a rich spectrum of portfolio today and our LTE is about just north of 60% of the spectrum assets that we own. So, we have a long way to go in terms of driving LTE into the balance of the spectrum assets. I'm excited about new capabilities like Unlicensed-LTE. That's something that we need to break the back of, not just for the industry, it's a great technology, it's a foundational story for 4G, we really need to make progress within the U.S. environment on technologies like that. The low-band stuff, obviously, that's great spectrum. We're in the middle of an auction, great spectrum. I mean, so there are a lot of options and opportunities to go and attack before you have to go whole scale at massive densification of your network with steel and concrete.
Neville R. Ray: You seem to know more in the space than I do, Walt. So, maybe you could share what you know. But I think obviously our small cell strategy is moving. I reference earlier, we're not in the massive rush that you will see from big yellow at this point in time. But we have thousands of opportunities we're pursuing this year. And a big chunk of them, we hope, to come online and that's for capacity needs in 2017, 2018 and beyond. I think to the heart of your question, we've been very carefully making sure we have the right economics and right deployment models for small cells. And back to John's earlier comment, if you just kind of run crazy around the country, trying to drop poles in every right of way that you can find, there is going to be some community pushback and backlash. And I think there are some signs of that. I think that's clearly driving some delays for some of the competitive set, but not for us. I mean we've been very thoughtful about how we've engineered these solutions. The partners that we've selected and we're fully on track with what we're doing. But I'm not trying to do something at the massive scale that some of the other folks are. And we're having more success than they are, I think, at this point in time.
