Mike Sievert: We've heard some of that, too, John and not really but I'll let Jon give you a little color on what we're seeing in retail and as we engage with the consumer. And then I'll come back and talk about inflation.
Mike Sievert: You can see that in both of our competitors having elevated churn in Q1 relative to the year ago period. It wasn't the case for us. Our churn is unfolding exactly as we've told you it would. It's driven by merger integration synergies. And we've achieved some really important milestones here on merger integration to where if you think about the customers that have transitioned, Sprint customers that are on the T-Mobile network, with all their traffic predominantly on T-Mobile, who have T-Mobile plans and T-Mobile device plans, those customers are the ones we've been telling you about the churn just like Magenta customers. And those are now 37% of our base. So we brought a substantial minority across. And that was a big factor in driving a whopping 17 basis point sequential churn improvement in just 1 quarter, exactly unfolding the way we told you it would. There's a lot of work left lot to do, obviously. 37% isn't 100%. That's going to take us some time. But it shows you that the thesis that we've been sharing is unfolding exactly as predicted. Now as it relates to inflation, I'm not sure what you're getting at but I'll talk about 2 things here, John. One is from a cost structure standpoint, as we've said in the past, our sector is actually somewhat insulated. Obviously, we need to watch labor costs and variable costs but the vast bulk of our cost structure is in long-term contracts around things like tower contracts, backhaul contracts, technology contracts, those kinds of things that are generally fixed and finite and known over a multiyear period which gives us some insulation from inflation effects. I think the larger question facing our society is what will be the impact of inflation beyond consumers? And the answer is we don't know. Right now, there's a lot of consumer anxiety about inflation. And customers have stressed out budget. What we know is that T-Mobile is famous for being the value leader. We can save a family of 4 on postpaid $900 a year, a year, every year, from switching to T-Mobile. And so as -- we'll have to watch what happens with consumer sentiment here but if it is a difficult time, there's a real opportunity for us to stand up and serve more and more people as the value leader and we'll, of course, be ready to do that.
Mike Sievert: I'll start by saying our envelope of value leadership has been remarkably consistent over time. And so if you look at a multiyear arc, we offer the best value to postpaid consumers. That has been the case for the entire Un-carrier journey. And it's been about consistently the case in terms of the extent of that value leadership. Now we're always introducing new promotions. But I want to be really clear. Our strategy as a company is about showing customers the remarkable value of Magenta MAX. That's our strategy. And you can see how it's unfolding in terms of customers self-selecting up our stack to buy our best products because they are the very best expression of the very best 5G network. And that is running on all cylinders, allowing us today with the best values and with incredible promotions in the market to tell you about for the first time in the 10 years I've been here, an outlook of ARPU rising. And that was something we just did a few minutes ago for the first time in the entire decade I've been here on the strength of this strategy. And so it really shows that we can have it both ways. We can have the best value in the industry, remarkable promotions, bring competition to this market like we always have, to no greater or lesser extent than in our past, while simultaneously showcasing the incredible value of our leading 5G network in the expression of Magenta MAX and attracting customers to that best expression. So it's a really nice place to be. We like this market competitive. We know we're stewards of a healthy and vibrant marketplace that has room for all of us. But one thing is very clear. As it becomes less known, whether they're will be enough room for the Verizons, the new entrants, the cable companies, et cetera, it's very clear that our tailwinds of growth driven by our rational and well-articulated growth strategy is a real differentiator for us. And that's something that I think people need to understand as their -- investors, I know, are looking for growth but they're also looking for reliable safe bets on growth. And that's what we strive to achieve quarter after quarter.
Mike Sievert: Yes. I'll let Mike talk about it. First, I'll just give you some context. I know a quarter ago, we talked about reaching an agreement with DISH as a path forward, that's a real win-win for everybody and that continues to be under review by the Department of Justice. But I will say we've gone forward with DISH in a very productive way and they have with us, really finding a path forward and that's been nice to see for their customers and for all of our businesses. But obviously, we have a large and diverse wholesale base and maybe I'll let Mike Katz tell you about what's happening.
Mike Sievert: And Mike, I think you know our basic game plan here. What's fascinating about this business is we are able to offer it nationwide now across 40 million homes and compete in a relatively even basis in all parts of this country because our go-to-market plan is based on an excess capacity model. And so we aren't dedicating large sums of capital to this business. Instead, our algorithms look at normal mobile usage that's rapidly growing because of the strength of our 5G network and we expect will continue to rapidly grow. We also expect we will continue to take share. We model all that forward and find the pockets where even all those extra customers and all their extra mobile usage won't soak up the capacity of this remarkable network. That's where we approve applicants for 5G home broadband. And so that's really interesting because you have that swallow capacity. And it's just the nature of a mobile network. Our spectrum coverage is relatively consistent and therefore our capacity can be relatively consistent. But mobile usage isn't. Mobile usage is in some places and not others. You have to be everywhere to be competitive. Once you're there, you might as well light up all your spectrum. And so that's really the nature of this. And it allows us to have the economics to be able to go to market with a competitive offer for large swaths of the population and price it attractively and still make a return. Okay; you had a second question about buybacks. I have lost the office pool came in on the third question. So Peter, please tell us what to say.
Mike Sievert: Are you sure you don't want to ask you about top 100 or Sprint integration because that would cover all of the -- okay. Great, Jon, well, let's try to hit those in rapid fire. First on fixed wireless, maybe Mike, you can give us a little color on where the customers are coming from. And then Jon get ready to tell us about small markets and rural areas and what's going on there.
Mike Sievert: Great. And Jon and Callie, you get ready. And also not only has Jonathan been asking about it but also Roger Entner is asking again about business, what's going on with market share? What kind of customers are we winning? But Jon, small markets in rural areas.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Terrific. Before we go back to the phones, obviously, we've got questions coming in on Twitter. We usually get interesting ones from Bill Ho. I see one want to hear Neville about network. It looks like we're up again in 5G reach out to 315 million people. Where is that really going? And where are we on ultra-capacity 5G? Can you forecast for us what to expect there because that's the real game.
Mike Sievert: It's very interesting what's happening here. You've heard us say before that we see that we're 2 years ahead in the 5G race now. And 2 years from now, we'll be 2 years ahead in the 5G race. And that's not a quip, that's not a competitive quip. That's actually an aspiration that we take very serious. And you just heard Neville say that by the end of this year, we'll reach 260 million people with Ultra Capacity. That's an aspiration that Verizon has by the end of '24, except only 250 million. But by the end of next year, we'll be at 300 million. And what's interesting is our goal is that in many places, it's not just to have 300 million people deployed but in many places to have fully 200 megahertz of 5G dedicated spectrum. That's remarkable in terms of what we can do to change customers' experiences on smartphones, to serve enterprises, government customers and, of course, broadband and other new applications. And so that's our aspiration. We take it very seriously. And one of the things you should judge us on is, have we been through over and over and over again to the things that we said we would go do. Because we've been very clear-eyed about this strategy for many years and I think that consistency is something that people should acknowledge.
Mike Sievert: Absolutely. I'll start and then I'll ask Jon Freier to jump in and maybe Neville as well. I'll remind you of a couple of things that we've said in the past and something I said in my prepared remarks. What we do for this 40% of the country, we call it our precision playbook. We've divided that segment of the country into 775 submarkets. And what we do is study our relative competitiveness. And so it starts with the network. Is our network every place people in that local area need for us to believe that we have all the factors of success required to win market share. Now this is observable because we are number one in many places in this country. We know what it takes. And we take that same observable logic and we apply it now to places we were never highly competitive. And what we've said in our upfront remarks is that we believe we are competitive across about 30% of those places, the POPs represented by those places. And that will be competitive across about 50% by the end of this year. Now, I'll guide you. There are some layers of competitiveness. That's sort of our base level and above. And there's levels that we can get to above that. But we measure that number because what we see is when we have that level of competitiveness, what we call right to win, we are able to see win shares in line with our aspirations such that we know that the price that we promised you is within reach. And that's really important. So again, we're in those 30% of POPs where we already have a right to win, we are winning. And so that gives us a lot of confidence in this strategy. We'll be at 50% by the end of this year. And maybe, Jon, you can talk about what's going on as we enter each of these markets, what formula we bring to make sure that we get the win share that's required for us to grow our market share.
Mike Sievert: A lot of times, our breakthroughs come from willingness to lead things in an unconventional way like with team of experts a few years ago and Jon just told you about another big breakthrough management concept that we've fully implemented across the country that we think is a big part of our, I guess, now not so secret sauce. Great. And by the way, so before we go back to the phones, Neville back to you. There's a question from Tech Life Channel, Techlife32, What's going on with those 10,000 new sites because 5G coverage is great but what about coverage? So what's happening with our promised site expansion? And while you're at, we did say in our prepared remarks where we are on decommissioning. This is the year of decommissioning. We expect to complete the task this year. Maybe you can give an update on how that's going, too.
Mike Sievert: Neville and his team are very busy. This is, as you know, the peak capital year in our business plan. And we have teams that are upgrading literally hundreds and hundreds of sites every single week. In a year, we're going to simultaneously reach 260 million people with Ultra Capacity 5G while completing the shutdown of the Sprint network well and ahead of our schedule. So it's a -- and we're very much on track. And it's fantastic to see the team's execution in every part of this country.
Mike Sievert: Great. I'll start with the second one and then hand it to Peter on the first one. We are delighted with what we're seeing this year on Sprint customer response to everything happening on the network and service and plan front; and you can see it in our results. So one of the things we -- I mentioned a little while ago is that right now, we're substantially complete with about 37% of the customers, bringing them what I'll call all the way across. Now the vast majority of our customers are on the T-Mobile network now, almost all their traffic is on the T-Mobile network now. We'll be moving to shut down the Sprint network this year. But we have a lot of work to do to make sure that the customers come across with T-Mobile plans, T-Mobile phone plans, no remaining leases on their line and all of their traffic on the T-Mobile side. When those things happen, churn is the same. And we have achieved that milestone now for about 37% of the Sprint base. And that's much higher than it was just a few months ago. And so you see the result in the sequential churn improvement because as more and more people achieve that level, more and more of them churn just like T-Mobile churn was. And that's what unfolded over the last quarter. And so that gives us a lot of confidence in our plan. I want to make sure that people don't connect it though to something happening just 2 months from now. I mean when we shut down the Sprint network, it's not just the network traffic. The network traffic is already on T-Mobile. It's the whole thing, getting them migrated to the right plan, the right service structure and, importantly, getting them on a T-Mobile phone payment plan and making sure there's no more leases because those are sources of dissatisfaction. And that's where we're at 37%. It will take us some time to stepwise move through the base. But what we know is that when we do, they love T-Mobile on the other hand and they churn like the lowest-churning brand over the last 2 years. And so that's fantastic. And then specifically to your first question, we'll turn it to Peter on the cost of services.
Mike Sievert: It's nice to see things unfolding the way we predicted. We're very much on track for the $7.5 billion. We increased the in-year synergy attainment with this guidance. And of course, that results in also an increase in cash flows to 30% year-over-year cash flows in the present guidance. So terrific to see that happening. Listen, we promised you a 1-hour call. And so with apologies to those still in the queue, many of whom I'm really sorry we didn't get to because we love you but we'll take the last question, operator.
Mike Sievert: Let me start with Neville and supply chain and then I'll wrap things up with an answer to your question, Simon.
Mike Sievert: Simon, I'm glad you asked that because your question goes -- in my mind, it goes right to the heart of what a lot of people want to know about this sector right now. And I would characterize it really in terms of 2 important questions people have. One, is there room for everybody? What's going -- can this growth continue? What's going to go on when the growth slows down? And if it slows down, will it get unhealthily competitive? Those are the big questions, I think, on people's minds. And I got to tell you, I'm not concerned about those questions. As I've said in the past, first of all, I think what we're seeing is some of that is happening in the dynamic right now out there. And in the very time frame when people are asking these questions, they're asking, "Hey, how are you going to navigate if things slow down?" We delivered 1.3 million postpaid net adds, the best in 8 years, more than AT&T and Verizon combined. In the very time frame when people are saying, what about are things slowing down? How are you guys going to do if things slow down? And I love that you're asking that because it reminds everyone listening that this is a business with major underpenetrated growth opportunities that we are proving we know how to execute against. And that's why we reliably bring the performance quarter after quarter. And to the second question people have which is, isn't it going to get crazy out there if there isn't room for everybody? Which is I don't know but I can tell you that the amount of competitiveness that we bring is consistent over time. We are the competition. We like it competitive. It's been relatively consistently competitive through our actions for years now. Customers and businesses are the beneficiaries. Right now, the cost per unit in this industry is lower for consumers and businesses than it's ever been, in a time when every other category has rising prices. We're driving ARPU improvements without price improvement. And we're bringing a level of competitiveness to this industry that's so exciting for consumers and businesses while delivering on financial performance that we promised you and then some. And so people have these 2 questions. Is there room for everybody? I don't know. That's not -- I'm not burdened with that. I can tell you that this quarter it looks like there is. Cables about to report, I think they had a healthy quarter. We're going to see nice numbers there. Our telemetry has usually been pretty good at predicting what to see there. But we delivered an 8-year Q1 all-time almost high. And that shows you that our growth strategy has integrity and it's reliable, safe, quarter-after-quarter growth that comes in just like we promised you it would. And it comes in with a healthy industry and a dynamic where T-Mobile can achieve its cash flow aspirations. And so look, we like it. We look at the industry. We know we play an important role as stewards of a healthy industry and we think it's a healthy industry. And whether or not it's a healthy industry, it's going to be an industry that's healthy for T-Mobile. So you got to think that in all the time that you have, we really appreciate you. Thanks for coming quarter after quarter with your great discussions. And we look forward to engaging with you more. Appreciate it.
Neville Ray: Yes. I mean they're great stats, right, when you look at how we are performing and competing in this broadband space. I think everybody said, what happens with 5G? Well, look at what we're doing with this in-home broadband experience. And 1 million customers now, 1 million, our first 1 million, the first 1 million. And so it's coming from just the powerhouse network we have. And I like to say we're just getting started on this 5G story. We're adding a lot of coverage. We're adding a lot of spectrum. And the sheer horsepower that we can provide off this 5G network allows us to support this great and increasing and improving experience. So we're super proud about the performance we have. Customers are really enjoying this product. And to be honest, I'll say it again, we are just getting started in this space. We have an incredible 5G network with a lot of new spectrum to come in and be dedicated on this 5G capability. And the performance and capabilities are going to continue to expand and improve.
Neville Ray: Yes. Love the question, Bill. It's 315 million on our 5G footprint today. I mean, say, the headline, again, 95% of all Americans are covered with T-Mobile's 5G service, more coverage than AT&T and Verizon combined. That's something to sink in. But I love your question is about where do we go from there? I almost want to say we've got to give the competition a chance. We're so far in front. You're asking what happens at the end of '23 and beyond. And of course, we will continue to expand and improve the quality of this network. We've said 300 million people from the 225 million today will be covered with 5G Ultra Capacity. And so that's our end of '23 target. That's way over and above anything that AT&T and Verizon have stated around their ambitions on mid-band rollouts. I think the outer edge there is 250 million. So we're going to be providing way more coverage. But the other piece, Bill, is a lot more spectrum. And so today we have more dedicated 5G spectrum than AT&T and Verizon combined in play. And really, we have just started on that rollout of mid-band and even low-band 5G spectrum. So over the next couple of years, a lot more spectrum coming. The last part of your question was about what's happening with speeds. Are we hitting kind of the 300 to 400 megabit per second speeds that we planned and anticipated. Yes, we are on that mid-band footprint. And that mid-band footprint is going to get bigger and stronger. The lanes are getting wider and faster. We're hitting more and more parts of the country. Many of those opportunities that Mike and Jon just outlined, where we are bringing a massive multi-lane 5G freeway to town. This is going to be an incredibly exciting journey over the next couple of years. And of course, we won't stop there. We'll continue to improve and enhance the network but I don't have any stats to give you above 300 million yet on Ultra Capacity.
Neville Ray: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mike. And let me build on both your and Jon's comments on SMRA. I mean back to the last call, our last earnings call, we talked about how this was the year where we were accelerating capital and we were bringing in incremental investment into the plan in '22. And the big, big chunk, lion's share of that is focused on expansion of our coverage and our footprint. And so a big part of what we're doing is making sure as Jon is getting ready to roll in distribution and new capabilities into the smaller market and rural areas, we're making sure our coverage is second to none. On top of the coverage, of course, Jon referenced this, we're adding this mid-band capability. So that we don't just have a great network, we have an incredibly strong network with 5G capabilities that our competition simply can't match. And just to navigate through some of the stats we talked about earlier on, in many of these small markets and rural areas, AT&T and Verizon have no plans whatsoever to bring mid-band capability in 5G. So we're going in, putting in a very differentiated proposition and one that will stand the test of time. And so that share gain is getting started and moving. It's a super exciting space. So we've always said 10,000 new sites is part of the plan as we combine the sets of assets together. And we're eating into that in 2022. We're a couple of thousand in and we'll be continuing to build as we move through this year and next. We're also upgrading a lot of Sprint sites that are critical to enhancing coverage and performance across the network. So we've always said north of 10,000 of those. We're about 1/3 of the way through that build. And so we're adding coverage in many, many dimensions, both in SMRA but also in core market areas. And inside top 100, too, where we're adding great sites for capacity in building all of those different aspects of performance. And last but not least, Mike asked about reference decom. And so this is the year where we will complete all of the decom that we said we would do as part of combining Sprint and T-Mobile together. And we announced in the release, we're about 1/3 of the way through at the end of Q1 on the 35,000-site decom ambition. And that number is accelerated and it will accelerate heavily as we go through Q2 and Q3. We want to get the lion's share of that done earlier in the year, this isn't all going to happen in Q4 and we're making great progress and, I'd add, as we see declining churn. And so the work and the intense work across the entire business to manage the customer experience as we navigate and work through decom is extraordinary and going very well. And we're incredibly confident about our ability to execute and complete this integration in advance of the time frames that we talked about prior.
Neville Ray: I'll be very quick, Simon. I mean we're in good shape. And based on the arrangements that we put in place with our OEMs and our tower crews. And of course, we have the advantage, we've been at this for some time now, whereas our competition is really just trying to get started, especially in AT&T's case. So we're strong. Obviously, we are not sitting on our hands and we are very, very closely managing supply chain. Our position does not come from inaction and just letting it happen. We're very engaged with all of our suppliers across the U.S. and both internationally. And right now, we're in good shape. And you can see in terms of the performance and growth on the network and the investments we're making.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely. Mike, as you said, the momentum of the business gives us a lot of confidence in that opportunity that we expressed around '23 to '25 both the free cash flow generation and the potential for returns. But with regards to timing or starting or opportunity sets, there's really no update from what we shared with you last time that we have to share at this point.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Exactly, Jonathan. So yes, as we see the wind down of the wireless traffic when we shut down the LTE network, that does create capacity on the wireline side. And of course, from a customer perspective, we'll look at what's the right suite of products and services, particularly in the 5G era to serve all their needs. But with the traffic going away, it does create some opportunity for monetization. So we'll rationalize things like buildings. We'll rationalize routes. And there's other things that have become quite valuable now in the form of, for example, IPV4 addresses that with the wireless traffic going away are potentially monetizable for us. So we'll look at the right suite of products and services and monetization opportunities to create the most shareholder value, as you would expect of us.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, Brett, absolutely. And you are seeing great scale, just as we promised it would unfold on cost of services. As you think about this year and the shaping, of course as you mentioned in Q2, you'll continue to have rapid investments as Neville and team continue to build these new sites, rebuild Sprint sites, while we'll continue to still have Sprint LTE cost. So as I think about the year shaping, it's very much in line with the synergy commentary that I gave, that as we go through the rapid decommissioning and accelerated decommissioning and get through all of that by the end of the year, you'll see those benefits come out in cost of services. In totality, of course, we're looking at 2024 to achieve the full $7.5 billion of run rate savings. So that's how I think about the shaping for the balance of the year.
