John J. Legere: Okay. Thank you, Braxton. I can't tell you how grateful I am for the success we've seen and the hard work of all of T-Mobile's employees. Let me briefly just recap a few of the most important aspects of this year's performance. In 2013, T-Mobile became the fastest-growing wireless company, with more than 4.4 million customer net additions. We delivered our significant customer growth while continuing to hit our financial targets, growth and profitability. We will continue to take cost out of the business as needed. Our operational improvements have resulted in significant positive changes in customer retention and the overall quality of our customer base, and we expect that the pace of growth will continue even further in 2014, with strong evidence of that already seen in Q1. Now 2013 was a very strong year and we have more work to do in 2014 to sustain that momentum and continue growing the business. Now I think we're ready for the Q&A, Alex. First question, please.
John J. Legere: No, I think it's normal, healthy competition, quite a bit of it. I don't think any of the players in the industry have ever used the term pricing war. In fact, I think even in the past 24 hours, I think Verizon has spoken about their price adjustment as being even less frequent than they had anticipated that they'd be. So and certainly, I think all of the players are trying to protect their base, find their way amongst some of the new -- remember the changes in the industry have been as much about structure of how we're serving customers as it has been about price and flexibility. So no, I don't feel it is a price war, I don't believe it will become a price war. I think it's good, healthy competition and choice for customers, and I think it will continue.
John J. Legere: And Phil, I would say, pretty clearly, we have a good, balanced CapEx portfolio. I think we're comfortable with the pace that we're growing, and looking carefully each year as to where we're headed. Now, with the success that T-Mobile's had and the impact on the industry and the size of the gap between the #1 and 2 and 3 and 4 players, it isn't that hard to figure out that with significant capital, what a player like us could do to close that gap or almost somewhat of an unlimited capital. And it also isn't hard to understand why we have a position that we've espoused consistently that, over time, this industry is ripe for the impact of further consolidation, which is one of the ways to have significant capital exploited to try to close that gap. But our own growth right now and our capital profile, we feel is balanced and allows us to do the things that we've outlined.
John J. Legere: Again, if it sounded like I was entering into an M&A discussion, I wasn't. All I would say is just the economics of investing for significant scale and growth begs the question of an industry that requires further consolidation to lower the concentration gap. But as far as any specific items or transactions, we're not going to comment on that at all.
John J. Legere: And I just would add on, and we're not trying to be evasive, but it is early on in the program and we are not giving too much input yet as to how Un-carrier 4.0 is going outside the fact that we are pleased with it. We're also not trying to be too cute about where the customers are coming from. But we -- as we've all said, it is a highly competitive environment, so from a standpoint of historical discussions about hoarding [ph] ratios and the size of the flows, that's not something that we're going to get into anymore. As people are all getting highly competitive, we're going to not give up further roadmap as to where things come from. But we feel pretty good about the impact of the Un-carrier 4.0. It's done what we believe it would do, and we'll have a lot more to say to that as the next quarter unfolds and we see some of the early results.
John J. Legere: Yes, and Walt, as usual, I spend my call following you on Twitter, I think all of your insights into our announcements are quite good. The credit quality is very high and that is indicative of a broad distribution of where these customers are coming from. Certainly, we see potential upside to our churn, which as you'd say, along with the significant change in gross adds, could drive some upside. And I think it's safe to say that if we were forced to look hard at it, we would suspect that in this range, we are operating to the high point as opposed to the low point. But we're very respectful of the competitive environment and we want to make sure that we give guidance that's consistent with what we see taking place and could take place. But if you're looking for the weak spot, it's not necessarily there. But we're being cautious and respectful as to what could take place throughout the year.
John J. Legere: Okay. No closing comments. This concludes the fourth quarter call and the annual results. And we look forward to talking to you again soon. Thanks, everybody, for joining.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes, sure thing. So first of all, yes, I think we were very clear that we expected and are experiencing significant growth related to our Un-carrier 4.0 initiative. And I think it's important to understand that there will, certainly, like any offering of this type, be a natural decline curve. And we expect Q1 to be the absolute highest amount of attraction into our value proposition through the paying off of ETFs. I think it's worth talking a minute about the impact of ETFs. At this point, we're looking at, as a percentage of gross adds, somewhere between 20% to 25%. And we also, as mentioned in prior public announcements, expect that the average ETF will be about or less than $200. If you do the math on this, and especially when you consider that there will be incremental lift associated with this offer, it is fairly economical to go out and target the types of customers that we're bringing in. And I really want to emphasize something that John said, and that's the types of customers that we're bringing in. What we've seen with Un-carrier 4.0 is unprecedented numbers of the best-quality Prime customers coming into our value prop. John mentioned that significant uptick, so a little bit on Q1. On ARPU, what you got to remember is that we've been doing a massive migration of our base and new gross additions coming into our Simple Choice plans, which typically have a lower ARPU and service revenues than the traditional bundled service rate plans. As a natural progression, we were 69% through this migration at the end of 2013, so the worst of it is behind us. And that does give us visibility that we will stabilize ARPU in the second half of this year. And I think it's also important that you look at the average billings per user because that, on an apples-to-apples basis, shows that we have actually a slight increase in the total cash consideration coming from all of our subscribers.
J. Braxton Carter: Kevin, it's a great question. And let me tell you that we are prepared to invest, as necessary, in supporting the quality of our network and supporting the significant growth in customers that we have [indiscernible]. And that's a fundamental premise and foundation as to the way we're operating the business. There is always a balance between the amount of capital intensity, and you got to remember, on an apples-to-apples basis, we are significantly accelerating what the prior views premerger were that we would spend on capital. We have a fairly simplified spectrum band holdings compared to other U.S. wireless carriers. 2 primary bands with a 700 megahertz being a third. We don't have a lot of legacy technology to support from a network expansion. Our total footprint's 285 million, concentrated in the more dense parts of the U.S., which makes for a more efficient capital build. And I think importantly, we're making a significant investment with 700 megahertz of spectrum. We will begin seeding 700-megahertz handsets into our customer base at the end of the year, and we want to get ahead of this 700-megahertz build to be able to take advantage of this, I think, very differentiating asset that we've not had at our disposal in the past. So yes, we're very comfortable with the trade-off between the amount of capital investment, while still generating increasing cash flow through the business.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes, Brett, it's really the latter. We're going to have other moves that we make during the year. We've demonstrated a lot of innovation. We're just really commenting about the impact of Un-carrier 4.0.
J. Braxton Carter: Good question. Margins are also a function of the amount of growth. And you can see from our guidance that we certainly are looking at growth in the branded postpaid part of the business in excess of what we experienced during 2013. So when you normalize for that, absolutely, there is some incremental margin pressure that we talked about relating to Q1 and ETFs which will -- we expect to be highest quarter of Un-carrier 4.0, which does imply sequential improvement if you normalize growth for the balance [indiscernible].
J. Braxton Carter: Yes. Sure thing, Simon. Yes, we're -- from the start, we said that we were very conservative on our guidance relating to the synergies and cost to achieve relating to the integration of MetroPCS. And you saw with some of our remarks here that we're executing very well, both on a CapEx and OpEx synergy and with lower cost to achieve. We also talked about how we were extremely conservative in looking at the migration of that base. We're making great progress towards that. And announcing the shutdown of 3 of the legacy Metro systems by the end of this year is a very significant pull forward. We do believe that there's significant opportunity to pull forward other markets, and it's something that we're very focused on. Because remember, there is a pot of gold at the end of this migration of the Metro customer base, and that's over $1 billion pop in run rate synergies and was a huge part of the rationale for combining the 2 companies. So, yes.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes. So I think the best way to put at it -- to look at sub-Prime versus prime, and by the way, the sub-Prime is now significantly less than 50%. We went from 43% Prime at the end of last year, to 54%. That's moving the whole base. And as you can see, with Un-carrier 4, good continued trends there. What we do from a credit standpoint is we definitely run through all of our proprietary scoring, using a lot of alternative data sources. And the farther you go down the spectrum chain -- or the farther you go down the credit quality chain, the more you have to pay for the handset. We call it tailored out-of-pocket. So depending on where you score, even though we have a 0 down proposition, if you don't meet the required scoring, you're actually paying increasing amounts of that handset upfront as you go down the credit quality range. So I think that's really the right way to look at it. We don't really disclose any bad debt rates or any other metrics relating to granular credit scoring, nor do we think that would be appropriate. But I do want to emphasize that we've seen very significant decreases in bad debt. We've seen very significant decreases in churn, which speaks, I think, well to the Un-carrier strategy and how well it's working.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes, Phil. I think we've said in the past, and we continue to say, that we're prepared to invest what is necessary in our business for the growth and the quality of our network. And when we did our equity raise, we were pretty clear that, that was a one-time occasion. We don't really have any interest whatsoever in any further dilution and would be oriented towards debt raises to fund any opportunistic spectrum acquisitions in the future. I mean, certainly, you have the broadcast spectrum auctions coming up in mid-'15. We're anxiously awaiting the rule setting there and we're certainly going to be a participant in those auctions. The good news is we have substantial current liquidity, even pro forma, for the Verizon A-Block transaction. But certainly, it's going to be interesting to see how the rules develop on A-Block and we're definitely going to be focused there.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes, Walt. Yes, I think that's very astute. We are doing very well with some of the integration relating to the Metro customers into the network. That's driving some efficiencies and was the primary cause of what you're referring to in the fourth quarter. I think when you look forward to 2015, you shouldn't expect that throughout the year, that there will be sequential decreases in the network. We're continuing the expansion of our 4G LTE footprint that occurred throughout this last year, so you'll have more run rate cost there. We talked about taking the total footprint up over 250 million. And we also talked about starting the deployment of our A-Block 700-megahertz spectrum which will certainly drive some incremental costs. All of this is fully embedded in our EBITDA guidance for the year. But I think that's the way I'd look at it.
G. Michael Sievert: Yes, I don't have a lot to add to that other than the fact that, as you said, we've driven churn to a low level; it was 1.7% in the fourth quarter. And we certainly expect to perform, give or take, in that range, and the guidance assumes that. There's seasonal variability as you move through the year, as you saw in 2013. And just to amplify John's point, we're in a very competitive market. We have been for a while. It has intensified in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. And that's something that we fully expected. We get questions a lot. "Hey, when -- how are you guys going to be able to perform when the competitors really come out to compete?" And our view is, they're competing. They're competing very vigorously. It's a highly competitive market. We're certainly seeing all of that out in the marketplace right now, and yet, we continue to grow.
G. Michael Sievert: As for tablets -- this is Mike, we do see a lot of growth potential in 2014. It'll grow as a percentage of the base, but it will have a certain curve to it. And we don't expect a sudden lurch up in totals. What you see going on with our competitors with their 100 million unit customer bases is they're selling tablets into their bases, and that's why they're able to produce those kinds of numbers. What we're doing, I think, is more important and more valuable, which is we're bringing new families to our franchise, and they start with phones. But there's certainly an opportunity over time as, especially as notoriety around our tablet offer grows. One thing to point out is that we don't count any adds that come in on tablets that are only taking our tablets Un-leashed free data for life offer. Only paying customers are in our tablet numbers. And so obviously, we have more people out there using tablets than our -- what are in the reported numbers.
G. Michael Sievert: Absolutely. It's turned out to be, I think, a very good move for us. Obviously, it was launched during the period in the fourth quarter. But people come in. The vast majority of people come in, they use it as a way to check out the network. We expect not only to get conversion to tablets, but also to get conversion to phones because this is a great low-risk way for somebody to come out and test our network and realize that it meets all their needs.
G. Michael Sievert: Yes, this is Mike. A couple of things. We've -- we were pretty successful at bringing in families before this launch. Certainly, we've seen an uptick with the launch of the latest Un-carrier in bringing in multiple lines at a time. They tend to come in, in 2s or better than 2s. They're much more Prime, as Braxton outlined earlier, than they were prior to the launch. We continue to receive the majority -- not the majority, but the highest nominal number from AT&T. That hasn't changed. We've said that previously as well. And the quality of these customers is just terrific. And so, there's a little extra marginal cost to bring them in. As Braxton said, around 20%, maybe a little more than 20%, of the customers coming in qualify. We expect the payment for each of them to be less than $200, perhaps significantly less over time. And because there's some lift, we're getting more efficiency out of our fixed cost per gross add base, and so there's an offsetting benefit from the efficiency improvement as well. Net of all that, there's a marginal extra cost per average customer to come in, which is more than offset by the marginal extra quality. As Braxton said, we're experiencing a pickup in our acquisition ARPU net of all effects, including the family effect. And that shows you the power of these higher-quality customers who attach data at a higher rate.
