Mike Sievert: Okay. Thanks, Jud. Hi, everybody. Well, welcome to the call, and as you can see, we are coming to you live from Bellevue, Washington at our headquarters and I am here gathered with a great group of our senior leadership team as we share with you some terrific results that we are posting today to kick off 2023. And I will start by saying our results for Q1 continue to demonstrate that no matter the competitive environment, our unique formula of offering the best network and the best value continues to produce best-in-class outcomes. We again led the industry in postpaid and broadband customer net adds, while continuing to deliver the best profitability growth. And our consistent focus on reliably translating customer growth into industry-leading postpaid service revenue growth and unlocking substantial cash flow gives us the confidence to raise our full year guidance just one quarter into the new year. Now I will also say Q1 was a quarter of celebration at T-Mobile. I am so proud of how our now 10-year history of more than 20 Un-carrier moves have transformed to this wireless industry and more recently, broadband for the benefit of customers, and as you often hear us say, we won’t stop. So we announced last week our latest Un-carrier move with Phone Freedom, a move aimed to free customers and other wireless providers locked into those three-year contracts, while they are subjected to relentless pricing changes and gadgets. We continue to make it easier for customers to come to T-Mobile and switch to T-Mobile for peace of mind, knowing that with price lock, we won’t raise their price for top text and data. And now with new one too are part of Phone Freedom, they will be upgrade-ready in two years, because three years is too long to force customers to wait. Here’s kind of a crazy sort of fact to get your head around, AT&T reported the lowest postpaid phone churn in the industry this quarter and yet quantitative research states that their customers have the highest self-reported likelihood of switching away. Their customers report being almost 50% more likely to switch than Verizon’s or T-Mobile’s customers. The lowest churn, but the highest apparent dissatisfaction. And to me, that means one thing. Their customers are trapped and we are here to solve it and that’s what our latest Un-carrier move is all about. That’s what Phone Freedom is all about. And it’s the way we have been designing our groundbreaking Un-carrier moves for a full decade now. And as you know, we hit another milestone this month, the three-year anniversary of our merger. We are wrapping up an integration that many have deemed, and I think, we will conclude that it is, the most successful merger in telecom history. And most of all, we are celebrating what it was always about, the dream we had of leapfrogging from last place in the 4G era to leadership in the 5G era, smashing the biggest pain point of all by finally giving customers in this industry both, the best network and the best value from the same provider. And you know what? We did it and we did it ahead of schedule, meeting our commitments and unlocking massive value in the process. And yeah, we brought about a new level of competition to this market and a 5G network to America that would not have been possible without this merger and that makes customers and businesses everywhere, the real winners. Speaking of network, another round of results are in and our team is again celebrating wins as the largest, fastest and most awarded 5G network as well as the best overall network for the second quarter in a row according to Ookla. And this is not just a snapshot in time. It is a durable network lead. And I am confident that Ulf and team in his new role as President of Technology, congratulations and thank you for stepping in to lead us…
Mike Sievert: Hey, Phil. I will start and maybe turn to Mike and Peter. First of all, we are really excited about this new lineup. But I want to point out a couple of things. One, Magenta MAX continues to be in the lineup and so this is being added to Magenta MAX. And as we think about the price point represented by these kind of mainstream popular plans, we are going to be kind of thinking of it as Magenta MAX and higher. So that would include Magenta MAX, it would include the new Go5G Plus Plan kind of as a category. And what you see is, our expectation is that, that run rate we have been seeing in that 60s will carry forward and we have certainly seen that since the launch and it was true for Magenta MAX all through Q1. So really great to see that our popular plans are also our highest value plans packed with the things T-Mobile customers are looking for. And maybe, Mike, you can talk about -- unpack that a little bit.
Mike Sievert: Okay. And last part of your question was about where do we go beyond our current model and I want to remind everybody what the current model is before answering that, because it kind of speaks to the opportunity here, because others have side eye to what we are doing and said, well, you know there’s a limited opportunity to that. What they are doing over there, and we are like, well, right. I mean we have said that all along. We expect this to be a 7 million unit to 8 million unit opportunity the way we are doing it right now, which is essentially selling excess capacity on our network. So remember, the way this works is, we have created a nationwide mapping of every household in this country, map them to every sector on every tower and determined which sectors no normal amount of mobile wireless use will take up our rapidly expanding capacity and that is where we approve applicants for high-speed Internet on 5G. So we are essentially selling our excess capacity. We see that, that takes us into those high single-digit millions of households in the planning period. Now the question that you asked about millimeter wave is really part of a broader question that says, whether for millimeter wave or not, would we entertain the idea of a capital burden to 5G home Internet plan. And yeah, we would entertain that. It would have to be smart. We would have to have a way to make it capital efficient. We haven’t taken any decisions on that. I don’t know if you want to share a little bit of our thinking or kind of what we see as the opportunity of, but the short answer of it is we haven’t taken a decision on it, but of course, we are interested in it.
Mike Sievert: Great. So competition and buyback. I will start on competition and then turn to Jon Freier. I would say, it’s competitive out there. And that being said, I have probably done 50 of these calls for T-Mobile and that’s been the case for all 50 of them. It’s competitive out there and we have made it more competitive through the creation of this version of T-Mobile. What I said in my prepared remarks is that we have demonstrated time and time again that regardless of the competitive mill, we find our way through to accretive profitable growth, and that’s because our strategy is so differentiated. So I am not going to repeat all that here, other than to say, of course, it’s really competitive. I find the industry a rational level of competition, even the competitors you talked about have been pulsing in and out. Some of the offers have been eyebrow raising but they pulse in and out. I think to me, it feels competitive and rational and we look at our differentiated strategy. And what we have within our control and we see our way through to increasing our overall guidance for the year. But maybe tell us on the ground, Jon, what your team is seeing as we compete last quarter and this quarter.
Mike Sievert: So it’s been two years and we have made our way halfway from 13% to 16.5% market share and we are only really competing in two-thirds of the space. It’s just been this rapid fire deployment, and it’s -- you should be so proud of what’s happening there. Jon, at the risk of filibustering your competition question, I have one more thing. I feel like we shouldn’t answer a question about competition unless we talk about cable.
Mike Sievert: And we are a very competitive company, so one thing I will give our team a little bit of credit on is that, we have pretty good diagnostics and telemetry on what’s going on in the marketplace and so we are able to kind of see what happens with each of the competitors as the quarter unfolds and I can make a couple of predictions for you. You saw it in Comcast numbers this morning, very strong. Charter had a blockbuster quarter, we think, in phone net additions and we saw that unfolding through the quarter. But one of the things we try to do when we sort of make out -- at least for us, when we make our operating decisions is we try to figure out, well, what’s behind it and double click into it. And what we see going on is that, for example, in this big number, they are about to report, about 75%, we think, of the uptick from prior normal levels, let’s say, a year ago, are in non-parts sort of printed net adds, like drop you a free line in the bag or kind of low calorie net adds. And so we try to kind of adjust for that when we make our operating decisions as to how fast to run and where and how to compete, because they are really -- it’s kind of a quantitative easing happening in the marketplace. There’s just new adds being printed that don’t appear to be coming from any of the incumbent players. So it’s kind of important to adjust for all that, at least for us, as we make our operating decisions. It looks to us about 75% of the uptick has been those kinds of nets. So you actually asked two questions, yeah, your second question was about the buyback.
Mike Sievert: And let me say a couple of things and I will turn it over to Peter. Like, I wouldn’t read too much into how fast we are going and I cannot make any predictions for you as to how that will play out in the future. I could just tell you that generally speaking, we are going fast because we think we are getting a relative great deal on the stock and it’s not normal for management to talk a lot about valuation. But since you have hired us to conduct this buyback on your behalf, we have to make operating decisions with an idea in mind about whether or not we are getting a relative value. And our team thinks and our Board thinks it is and so we have authorized moving quickly, because we look at this rapidly developing cash flow picture and a lot of people are increasingly valuing T-Mobile on our value relative to cash production and we see a lot of potential ahead for a diminishing opportunity for us to be able to grab shares at these share prices and so we are moving really fast. I cannot predict for you, though, what that means going forward, obviously, we are going to take it one step at a time.
Mike Sievert: It could be a little bit of a canary in the coal mine for us, too, because of that fact, that last fact that you just shared, Callie, that businesses aren’t going so much on brand reputation. They actually check out the phones, like sometimes hundreds of them before making these decisions and compare us head-to-head. And so businesses through their testing now that we now have the best network and we do get questions about, well, how are you going to keep competing if the incumbent guys just keeps slashing their prices to hang on to those customers. And what is missed in that dialogue is that that’s not actually the only factor going into this decision process.
Mike Sievert: I mean businesses have corporate liable lines for a reason. They want to take responsibility for this connection, because it’s mission-critical and we can save them some money. I mean we are the Un-carrier, but they are picking us because we are the best network. And that’s been a breakthrough that I would say was not the case the same way a couple of years ago. So you are hearing a lot of optimism there. One thing we did here as we listened in, were some in the industry is kind of saying, hey, there’s a sort of a sector decline happening, lots of layoffs, companies aren’t interested in business lines anymore, there’s sort of a pause going on. That is not our experience and you can hear that in the optimism of what Callie is saying. Okay, your second question was about Phone Freedom and what’s going on there. So maybe we will start with Mike and then there was a particular EBITDA outlook question associated with Peter.
Mike Sievert: Great. I will start with the DISH one and then give Mike a chance to think up and answer on the eSIM one. The -- no, we don’t have visibility into it yet. DISH asked for an extension in the decision. We didn’t object to that of about 60 days. And the way our consent decree works is it’s entirely up to them. We are here to support them and so we will wait to hear what they decide. I am in touch with Charlie. So as I learn more, we may engage and be able to be helpful in that. But it’s -- the way it works is it’s entirely up to them and so if they want the spectrum under the terms of the consent decree, it’s theirs. And if not, the way it works is that it would go to auction and it would maybe be in the hands of someone else. And so we will wait and see how it all unfolds and we are here to support whatever decision that they make. On eSIM, this is fascinating how this has all happened across the industry and there hasn’t been that much discussion about it. One of the limiters has been this phone locking phenomenon that we are talking about with Phone Freedom. Because what happens with an eSIM is on a locked phone, even though that second SIM is available, if the phone is locked, you still can’t use that second SIM very easily and so there’s been some barriers to the friction coming out of the system, the way eSIM may be promised. But we are big fans of it. You saw us a few months ago, introduced great switching capabilities for you to actually try our network on the second SIM if your phone allows that. That’s been a lot of fun for people to be able to test drive our network. But, Mike, maybe you can give some color on what we are seeing.
Mike Sievert: … twitter, Roger Adler [ph] want to talk about T-Mobile for Business. I think we hit most of that, unless you want to provide any color on what we are seeing with HSI in T-Mobile for Business. And then a separate question about, with our new Go5G plans, they are raised prices, do we think that will impact our subscriber growth. And I am glad you asked that, because, no. And in fact, the way we kind of did this is we added these plans and that won’t be immediately obvious to everybody, but we added them. So if you present at retailer online, you can still get Magenta and Magenta MAX. But these new plans in the early days, now that we have put them out there, they are really turning out to be very popular and so I am not worried -- even notwithstanding the fact that they are being added, I am not worried at all. These are going to be really popular plans, because we design them right to the needs that we are hearing customers want in the marketplace. And this is really an interesting thing, because we called it Go5G for a reason. Our 5G customers are using massive amounts of data on our network. And people say, what’s the killer app of 5G. There are a lot of killer apps of 5G, but one of them is usage on your smartphone, which if you have T-Mobile and Magenta MAX or now Go5G Plus, you have massive connectivity and customers are soaking it up and that’s a real differentiator for us. And so we want to play into that advantage and encourage that kind of usage, because once they see what their phone can do, they are not going to want to live without it. We are already seeing that now at scale with millions of customers at Magenta MAX or above. Okay. So let’s go back to the phone, Jud.
Mike Sievert: All right. Well, we appreciate you guys. Thanks for tuning in and for asking all these questions. I am so proud of our team. It’s a fascinating year. It was fascinating for us to watch how it all started and the different perceptions people have. But one thing I hope that you take away from us is that, we are a team maniacally focused on delivering for you what we promised you we would do and that’s what we show up and try to do every single time and I am so proud that this was one more quarter where we were able to put down great results and outlook for you in 2023 that we are going to be proud of. So thanks for tuning everybody. See you later.
Mike Katz: Yeah. I mean, I think like Mike said, it’s a great representation of the differentiation of our strategy, particularly as it comes to the way that we construct rate plans and do pricing, because with Go5G and Go5G Plus, you see new plans that are incremental to our portfolio that really give customers choice. And with these plans, we packed in the most benefits that we have ever done in the plan with increased roaming in Mexico and Canada, which is the most popular destination for our customers, increased hotspot, which we are seeing utilized more, especially in a post-pandemic world where people are moving around and working everywhere and with Go5G Plus. The first plan, we are guaranteed in the plan, new and existing customers get the same deal on phones, not a promotion like you see from other folks. So we are really bullish on these plans. The early response to them has been really good. One of the things I will say about ARPU is ARPU is a mix-driven metric. And one of the things that you see with us, particularly with the success in some of the segments that we have talked about as being opportunities for us, whether it’s business or 55-plus. The mix of our success in those segments is reflected in our ARPU and it’s one of the reasons why we look a lot at ARPA and we focus a lot on opportunities where we can attract customers and retain customers that demonstrate a really high CLV, like we see with business customers and like we see with 55-plus customers. So you will see us continue to focus on those kinds of accretive value creating opportunities in our portfolio.
Mike Katz: I would just say to Mike’s point, as the customer base is growing as we are seeing more cohorts in the longer tenures, we are seeing sequential decreases in churn. And it really does start with what Mike said, this is a great product. It’s a product that really that doesn’t require any trade-offs from customers. It’s got a great NPS and you are seeing it pull heavily from cable. Cable is the biggest contributor to our customer base in this business. And we have built a model and a go-to-market process that now is reliably delivering plus or minus 500,000 customers a quarter, which gives us a lot of confidence in this number that we talked about a couple of years ago of us getting to several millions at the end of this planning period.
Mike Katz: Yeah. Like I mentioned before, Phone Freedom kind of had two big components to it. One was the rate plan Go5G, Go5G Plus, which, Jonathan, as you indicated, has this benefit of upgrade built into it. And then the second thing, which I think is also an important input to the second part of the question you asked is, we launched a promotional program called the Easy Unlock. And what the Easy Unlock, the insight it’s really going off of is both what Mike talked about in terms of the dissatisfaction that AT&T customers have, 50% more reports that they want to leave their current carrier than in Verizon and T-Mobile. And when they want to leave, it’s incredibly difficult, both because of long-term contracts, but also because they have the most customer unfriendly unlock process in the entire industry. And what we wanted to do is make switching incredibly easy and that’s what we did with that program. And I think that’s one of the things that will really help us unlock the switcher pool a little bit, which when we know happens, T-Mobile is the disproportionate winner.
Mike Katz: Yeah. Thanks, Brett. Listen, I think, we are at a fascinating sort of historical moment in the history of our company. If you think about it, we have spent six years on the chapter of our company comprised of dreaming about and then completing and then integrating the merger that would allow us to leapfrog AT&T and Verizon from being last place in the LTE era to first place in the 5G era. And now we have generally gotten that done, we have the best network in the country, we have the best values and we have generally completed that merger. And so now we have work to do to convince the American public that it’s true. And to me, I am inspired a little bit by the journey of standalone T-Mobile that did achieve the lowest churn rates in the industry, even without the advantages of the network strength. And so now you see us really focused on prime customers. We have the highest prime rate in the history of our company right now. You see us focusing on business customers. You see us focusing on travelers, some of the best customers in the industry now waking up more and more to the fact that T-Mobile is the best choice for them and that’s a journey, convincing the country that what’s true is true, will take some time. But let me tell you this, our goal -- the answer to your question is, yes, our goal is to have the lowest churn in the industry on postpaid phones. And we already have it on prepaid, we are going to have it on postpaid phones. Of course, we should. I mean we have the best network and the best prices. That means we should have the lowest churn. And so we have been through this worst to first journey before we standalone T-Mobile. We are kind of midway through it with the new version of the company and full of optimism about where it can finally land. Those big sort of quarter-by-quarter kind of merger-driven lurches forward are mostly behind us, right, because the integration is behind us. So now it’s that hard slog just like we showed you we could do when we were standalone T-Mobile.
Mike Katz: Yeah. I was going to say something really similar. We are big fans of eSIM, really for two big reasons. One, we think it’s a much better customer experience. You don’t have to deal with plastic and switching in and out of your phones every couple of years when people are upgrading. And for a company that wins when switching happens, eSIM does make switching easier and we have tried to take advantage of that with the technology that Mike mentioned earlier, where we launched an app where you can easily test the T-Mobile network side-by-side with your incumbent network on the same phone and when you are ready to switch, you can just do it in a couple of clicks. So we are fans of eSIM. We are really supportive of it, and we are optimistic that it will help accelerate even programs that we talked about today with that Phone Freedom.
Mike Katz: The only other thing I’d add is that, let’s not forget about HIS, because HSI, I do think is still one of the big killer apps for 5G that you are seeing play out right now. 3.2 million customers running their home Internet in their house over our 5G wireless network and using hundreds of gigs a month on average, both in the big top 100 markets. But also importantly, many customers in rural areas, some of which this is the first high-speed option that existed and it only happened because of 5G. So I don’t think we can forget about HSI being one of those big killer 5G applications.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. I think the only thing I add and Mike said it really well is, it’s such a mix-driven metric. And for example, on the segments that Mike spoke about 55-plus brings in customers with CLVs that are actually above the average CLV, right? They may have lower ARPUs but very high accretive CLVs, because that’s how we really model everything and the growth that we are trying to drive, as you know, is profitable growth for us. So on an ARPU-based metric, because of that mix shift, I’d probably expect it to be sequentially relatively flat. But, yes, as you pick up some more mix of potentially 5G Plus -- Go5G Plus, excuse me, 5G everywhere here, then you could see some opportunity in the latter half of the year. But ARPA and accounts is really where the focus is to create that value expansion in the company.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. The only thing I’d add, Mike, is, of course, we -- I am personally very excited about how it’s gone and while we can’t speak about anything more than the $14 billion target, that’s been approved by the Board, remember, what allows all of that is the cash flow generation of this business, as you have mentioned. And frankly, both with regards to the longer term and the underpinning of that opportunity for up to $60 billion in share buybacks through just the end of 2025 and here we are in 2023 already. Remember, this machine and this free cash flow production continues into 2026 and beyond. But the one thing I look at is that is the underpinnings that allows the shareholder return machine to go and you just saw us once again raise what was already ambitious guidance for the year based on our confidence just a quarter in. So in that regard and how the share buybacks are progressing, I am very pleased.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. And with regards, Jonathan, to the EBITDA guidance, I mean, frankly, even at year end, we had already assumed a certain level of opportunity here. Customers were clearly telling us, especially through the back half of last year that they are looking for what this best value, best network combination can provide in the form of Magenta MAX at the time. And so that was an inspiration that we said we were going to pack an even more fully featured plan out there. So I’d say all of the revenue assumptions around this, as well as customer acquisition leading to high CLVs is all packed into core EBITDA, the guide that we provided to you. I know there was also a question on social around -- well, how does that impact the contract asset, and frankly, to say that was -- the contract asset went up sequentially from Q4, but that was really some of the promotions that we had in place and continued into Q1, as well as some of the business promotions. But in the current core EBITDA guidance that we put out there, there’s an assumption actually that the contract asset will decrease to quite an immaterial net impact for the year, and again, in the current guide that we gave.
