Roger D. Linquist: Thank you, Keith. First quarter is normally the strongest sales quarter for the year for the No Contract segment. However, our net gains and EBITDA in the first quarter 2012 significantly underperformed expectations. The combination of uncertainty in the economy and growing competition in 3G data service makes our early investment initiatives in 4G LTE that much more important.  Anticipating more competition in 3G data service, as well as continued economic headwinds, we elected in the first quarter to emphasize handset promotions that broadly appeal to individuals, not just family plan subscribers, that was offered in the first quarter of 2011. The result was a large proportion of existing subscribers upgraded their handsets. Consequently the increase in upgrade retention expense created additional EBITDA pressure in the first quarter of 2012 of approximately $70 million. First quarter operations provided a clearer picture regarding the significant demand for high-speed data services. Whereas considerable softness existed in the CDMA data service segment of our business, our 4G LTE subscribers nearly doubled in the first quarter. This occurred in spite of the average price of handsets approached $300, and equally important, churn for the 4G LTE segment is now at the 2% level.  With these facts in mind, we intend to focus on operating margins and free cash flow over subscriber growth until we can mainstream our LTE for all initiatives with affordable handsets later this year. We believe the acceleration of 4G LTE adoption in the U.S. will rapidly drive lower smartphone cost and higher volume. As handset designs standardize on the iPhone, touchscreen and substrate design, product differentiation will be accomplished by screen size, resolution and processing power, enabling cost reduction that can be substantial.  We expect full-featured affordable handsets with 3.5-inch to 4-inch screens will become available in the second half of 2012 in the sub-$150 retail range. We believe that demand will be ARPU accretive, given the high percentage of our customers electing the $50, $60 and $70 rate plans. There's no question that smartphone data consumption characterizes wireless service opportunities and challenges going forward. Speed does matter, and with our 4G LTE network targeted for system-wide completion by third quarter, the challenge is to effectively manage all network traffic such that the spectrum refarming can occur at the earliest practical time.  With smartphone momentum, network capacity requirements bring focus on technology, as well as spectrum resources. The opportunity to expand capacity on 4G LTE networks is orders of magnitude utilizing picocells within macro cells whereby capacity can be approved by multiples of 3x, 4x or more times. We continue to seek spectrum opportunities, but enhancing network capacity through technology gains presents a cost-effective, nearer-term alternative.  Once our microwave backhaul network is in place and fully operational, we expect a significant cost reduction improvement relative to fiber and T1 circuits. Microwave backhaul is key for data throughput and future cost-effective implementation of picocells. High-speed data at low latency is a key driver for user satisfaction, but so is the expanded menu of rich communication services, or RCS, that will serve to differentiate our premium 4G LTE services from our competitors' 3G data services.  RCS supports simultaneous voice communication with multimedia messaging linking presence with address book contacts and more by the end of 2012. Our objective continues to be providing our subscribers with a premium postpaid service experience on a no-contract basis. 4G LTE service is not only about high-speed data service but also about the menu of services that it can support. Beginning the fall of 2012, we intend to move into high gear with our marketing initiatives that focus on 4G LTE handsets and services to extend our wireless leadership as the best deal in town. Affordable handsets are key to our LTE for All initiatives, and several of these handsets are currently in our labs for acceptance testing.  Our objectives are clear: Prioritize operating margins and free cash flow over subscriber growth until we have affordable 4G LTE handsets later this year; two, capitalize on our 4G LTE for all initiatives and begin to introduce multi-capable handsets later in the second half of the year to begin refarming spectrum; and finally, build network capacity for future growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Roger D. Linquist: I think that's a -- that would be a correct statement. I think seasonality is always going to be a part of our business, and the economy of course is not improving dramatically. So I would suspect that we would see a seasonality not untypical of our past years. The opportunity here, as we said, is to ensure that we meet our operating margins and free cash flow objectives and take subscriber growth that we feel is an order with the product offerings that we have today.
Roger D. Linquist: Well, I think that, that is the -- exactly the job we've got at hand, and I think the churn, as we've indicated, has been more moderated. One of the benefits of the first quarter has been that there's a significant number of our subscribers that have upgraded to the Android service, and they now have a phone that, we feel, that satisfies them. So it's not so much a matter of changing out phones; it's a matter of providing the good service that we needed to provide and maintain those customers. The 3.1% churn is not the lowest in our industry, but it is equal to the lowest. So we think the churn is not going to be [ph] be the biggest factor going in, much different than we saw in the first quarter of last year when we promoted the family plan type retention plans.
Roger D. Linquist: To me, I'll try to do the first question, which is re VoLTE. It's inextricably linked with our spectrum needs. VoLTE is foundational obviously to be able to refarm CDMA spectrum in our business. We see that the opportunity there was going to back ended this year. We'll be introducing a device, the Samsung will be the first device to be introduced in the third quarter on VoLTE, and we will, I think, be the first, certainly in North America, if not in Europe and elsewhere, to offer VoLTE because it is foundational for us going forward in 2013 for us to begin to manage our way through the spectrum holdings that we have. So refarming is totally dependent on VoLTE, and we plan to do it as we have the experience and insight to offer service that is at least comparable to our CDMA voice service today.
Roger D. Linquist: Well, the VoLTE timeline, as I mentioned, that they'll be coming in this year. In fact, we'll have at least 2, probably 3 devices that are on VoLTE this year. More are available if we choose to take them, but we want to make sure that we have a service that we have broadly understood how effective VoLTE is in terms of being comparable to our CDMA voice products. So it's -- the fact that it is available -- will become available, 2013 will be a much more volume year where we can take advantage of that and have the experience of really exploring and finding out what the level of service and the various intricacies are. It is a VoiP service. It is totally new, and we want to make sure that the quality of service is comparable or exceeds what we now have on CDMA.
Roger D. Linquist: Yes. The key here, of course, is to “manufacturer capacity on an LTE.” And we know that data rates that we can expect in the -- depending on the spectrum use, but typically in a 5x5, we would expect 6 to 8 megahertz, and that is very dependent on backhaul. We've now provided fiber to a large majority of our sites in the core. We will be implementing microwave to take over because of cost benefits. Microwave is repriced by the $100 a foot on the dish side, so we could see very low fixed cost. We have the spectrum, so we want to make sure we address that so our backhaul is suitable for the maximum downlink speeds available to us. So we see a tremendous a lift in terms of capacity. The issue will be, is to get our phone service, that is, LTE handsets, sufficiently embedded in our base so we can take advantage of the refarming that would be a possible to us in 2013 for the VoLTE-capable handsets to use up that, shall we say, displace that capacity in CDMA. The fact is that we have, I think, a great opportunity in making that move. This is not an easy task, but the budget this year is meant to give us that foundation so we have the densification we need and also the extensive deployment of LTE system-wide.
Roger D. Linquist: Well, it's a very good question. Maybe I can try to tackle that by giving some data that's relative, because some people have come out with thoughts that CDMA or GSM handsets on Android smartphones will be very much less expensive. All I can do is talk about today and the roadmap for 2012, but the differential that we will see once we have the -- as I mentioned, the units that are now being tested in the acceptance testing, there'll be a $30 to $40 plus differential between what we can buy on CDMA Android versus LTE. I think the issue is that the attractiveness of the service is so very, very powerful, and what we've had to do in the first quarter is really to make up for this speed deficit, if you will, in the LTE versus the CDMA phones -- smartphones that we've been selling. So I think that we have a non -- shall we say first quarter will not carry over into the second half. There is no need for that, and we don't intend to do it, and we intend to be very much selective. Again, the focus is on margins and free cash flow, and that's really our -- and that's just going forward this year.
Roger D. Linquist: I think that's certainly a question in our mind, and we address it this way because we believe in it. That is that, the focus that we're finding in the 4G world, we were early into this business, we saw it as the opportunity. We didn't want to spend another $1 billion on a complete 3G network. We felt that we can leapfrog to 4G, and now that possibility is coming very, very evident to us. So the thought is that, we're early in the leadership, and we've worked with some of the handset manufacturers now for 2, almost, I would say 2.5 years. There is a broad differential between the people moving up to the contract space that want very high-cost handsets and full feature and they're using this as the top of the line to attract while they sell off their embedded base, which is on the 3G legacy type networks. So we are cutting new ground. The good news is that what we're looking at is standardization worldwide on a single technology, and we firmly believe that the manufacturers out there that are working with us see this as an opportunity to gain volume and leadership early because they know there's going to be a tremendous experience curve, cost reduction with this technology. So we think that in a nutshell, the big guys are going for the very high-cost handsets. I think this will be a premium service into the near future, certainly the '13 and maybe beyond, so that we expect that this is going to be a space that we can occupy, not just by ourselves, but the focus here is much different than what we see in the handset manufacturers market looking at the kind of full-feature phones we have versus the very stylish, very, very high-end phones, and you can see them in the retina displays, in tablets, which are going to go into future iPhones. You're going to see the Galaxy-type displays that are going to go into further Galaxy lines, and it's just a going left versus going right, and we see this space as being an opportunity for us, not an impediment.
Roger D. Linquist: Yes. And I think the growth story is one that we'd like to stay where we are, and that is that we are going to emphasize focusing on the profitability that this company can produce. LTE is going to be an important element, and is going to give rise to uncertainty as to where we land in sub-growth this year, but the fact is that I think we have a very strong position, and I am very encouraged by the handsets that we're seeing coming in just now as a means of supporting that program later this year.
Roger D. Linquist: Well, that is an excellent question. Can you substitute technology for spectrum? And I think the answer is, we're going to do our very, global best to find out, but the fact is that if spectrum becomes available, given the fact that we have raised considerable funds that we have earmarked for the possibilities of acquiring such spectrum, that certainly we're open to that. In the meantime, as I mentioned, the near-term alternative is to focus on basically the LTE network where we can quote manufacturer capacity, whereby we simply can't do that except to further densify our network on CDMA. So we do have the opportunity; it is densification, but it's different. I think the microwave backhaul, which will take us from 2012 into 2013 to complete, will be a key element because you can almost always get power, but you can't always get backhaul capability. So our focus is basically on the technology side while we go hunting for a spectrum at cost we can afford.
Roger D. Linquist: Yes. I think the answer is mostly. We have a large penetration in the core. Let me speak to the 2 network segments that we have. One is really the core, where most of our users require service as opposed to outside the core. In the core, we have, I think, a very satisfactory amount of backhaul to achieve these backhaul 6 to 8 megabits rates. So the question is certainly not the handsets; it is the backhaul, it is the available spectrum, and that obviously multiplies quite considerably what we have in our CDMA network, even augmented with the BO carriers, as we have reported before.
Roger D. Linquist: Let me take the last one. Remember, ours is taxes and fees included, so the $70 is $70. Our competitors start at $70 and end around $90, so there is a significant differentiation, and at this point, the one competitor that's doing this is really not offering a 4G LTE service. One of the things that we're going to find, I think, important going into this is that there's a element of future proofing in handsets that we'll be selling on LTE now because they can take advantage of the higher data rates whenever they become available, whether through technology or additional bandwidth that we could provide through refarming, so we have an opportunity that we haven't had before to "give customers the ability to enjoy greater performance as the network evolves." So I really believe there's a substantial differential here.
Roger D. Linquist: And it's a promotional feature too. We shouldn't ignore the fact that we see customers coming in and seeing that plan as being attractive and then also seeing that an Android smartphone is a more desirable appliance to use, so there is always the opportunity to upgrade into a phone service that is more suitable for what we'd like to see our average customers have.
J. Braxton Carter: And Brett, I think it's also important to know that we have substantially curtailed the handset promotions that were out in the marketplace during the first quarter. The primary promotion in the second quarter is a $25 talk and text plan. That does have a very different dynamic when it comes to acquisition cost. More importantly, you saw the key driver on our miss this quarter was about $70 million of incremental upgrade expense as compared to the prior year. The $25 plan, we think is very high from an MPV basis. There's no data, there's no web access; it's a talk and text plan, and we think it, from a promotional standpoint, is the right thing for us to do during the second quarter. It will obviously be somewhat of a drag on ARPU, but Tom talked about the substantial uptick that we're seeing in our new LTE rate plans, the new pricing that we did on that, so we hope to execute a fairly neutral ARPU during the next quarter.
J. Braxton Carter: I'll take the second one, and Roger will talk about microwave and small cells. Yes, the microwave and small cell initiatives are fully baked into the CapEx guidance of $900 million to $1 billion this year. Roger you want to talk about...
J. Braxton Carter: Phil, that's a fair question. I think there were several factors impacting it. First of all, there was a very large volume differential between what we thought we were going to achieve from a gross addition standpoint versus what we actually achieved. Secondly, the mix of handsets, and remember, there were different pricing schemes within the handsets before we had an MIR, and the actual mix of what sold was different than what we've assumed. The take rates on the mail-in rebates were higher than we initially had indicated. I think the final factor is that the brand advertising that we put out in the market, we did try to increase that in the first quarter, and that definitely also had an impact. Really looking forward, we've talked about packing off the handset subsidies, but -- you also have the numerator-denominator effect, and there are a lot of fixed cost within CPGA, and to the extent that you have lower gross additions, you're not getting the scale, and you do ultimately drive a higher CPGA, and that certainly should be the expectation given the gross adds and the statement that we're going to focus on, cash flows and profitability versus growth. I think the final comment, Phil, is when you look at the change year-over-year, it really wasn't about the acquisition. We did spend incremental subsidy on the gross adds that came in, but the volume drop pretty much offset that. The real change from the profitability and the trajectory that we had over a year ago was, in fact, near the upgrades, and we've given you very specific costs per user. I'll point you to the supplemental deck where we have highlighted historically what our upgrade costs were, and you can do the math on it, but that's really where the issue was.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes. On the spectrum, we are absolutely interested in any options out there. We currently own some 700. It is a viable option; like all sources of spectrum, there are potential issues, but we will certainly be taking a very close look at that. The other potential sources we've commented on in the past; we continue to aggressively work all options.
J. Braxton Carter: And on the buyback question, Simon, we have in the past taken a look at buybacks. We will continue to do that in the future. I think the bottom line, we want to utilize our cash where we think we can get the highest potential return for it.
Thomas C. Keys: Brett, I think there's probably 2 reasons. One is, we went at this through a card-based product earlier on, and I think what we've realized is that we're a monthly subscription company first. So we think we'll get a better degree of traction there. Number two, we also think we've heard from the marketplace where not having a web-based product for children is really important. And this product does not get a family plan discount; that's a really important dynamic in terms of the economics for this, so there's no family plan discount. It can be certainly added to a family plan program to pay 1 bill, but there's no discount. And lastly, just probably as a farm team [ph] for people to come into MetroPCS to understand the first offering and then based upon our feature phone to smartphone upgrade pattern with higher ARPUs, because our lowest smartphone ARPU was $50, we think there's an opportunity for this to be ARPU accretive over time.
Thomas C. Keys: I don't know that we address every single carrier separately. I don't think we've ever truly been able to do that and have tried to. We think there's probably 3 segments inside of our acquisition model today. The first we've just described, right, on the high value, low-end $25 talk and text. The other goalpost, if you will, #3, is really our premium service, our 4G LTE service, and as mentioned, we have a very, very good churn rate there presently. It's about 2%, which we enjoy, and we also came close to doubling that customer base in the first quarter. So we think that there's a really big opportunity at #3. #2 in the middle of cost is our 1xRTT smartphones, and what I think you saw us do is defend that base in the first quarter. But we can keep those customers on the network, give them the level of expectation to the best we can, as we transition the network to a full 4G LTE services and work on giving our customers what they've asked for over the long haul, and that's really good high-speed data.
Thomas C. Keys: Jonathan, I'll take the third one first. So the thinking behind the quarter was that maintaining the base and retaining the base was equally as important as growth, and what we saw inside of the base is people who had come to MetroPCS prior, keeping them satisfied, letting them come to the next level of handset to evolve their technology use, feature phone to 1x Android, 1x Android to LTE, was extremely important to us. As we stated, we would have certainly liked to see more people, new customers, come through the door, but as we talked about in the beginning of March, we had a delayed tax season. I think we spoke about at the end of the fourth -- of our last call, and that delay gave us uncertainty into the latter part of the quarter, which is always a really heavy acquisition timeframe, so all the numbers got distorted by not having the same gross additions as we had in years prior.
Thomas C. Keys: Matt, so far it's been just a couple of weeks, so I would call it a normal take rate. The real question that we think is important is, how many new people will come in the door to look at the offer. We've yet to really put it into mainstream advertising. It's simply been viral in our stores, word-of-mouth. We've done a little bit of text messaging to the base, so it's too early to tell that. The real intent of it is to allow families, people that have children that will not want web access and just have a real appetite for talk and text to be able to give them something that's affordable to try our service. And then once they try it and they come back to the store every month and pay their bill, there's an opportunity to look at the handset roadmap as we continue to introduce new products over the course of the year and then potentially see if their child or somebody else is ready to move to the next level of service with Metro. So it's early, but we think it's going to be another way to bring in a segment that we haven't tried to attract before into the store.
Thomas C. Keys: And we've also said that into the future, we presently today have 3 LTE handsets, and as Roger mentioned, we've done very well in the first quarter on a limited basis with higher-priced handsets; we've got 6, 7, 8 handsets in our testing roadmap for this year with multiple vendors on multiple chipsets, so we don't think we have just a reliance on the 8960 that's out there. We've tried to give ourselves a little bit of breathing room and spread the risk out as we go into the back half of the year. And we've also seen, on our $50, $60 and $70 rate plan, the $70 is brand-new, we still have approximately 95% of all users on those plans and higher, so we are seeing people pick and choose their data plan based upon their needs, and we think that's going to be very important factor going forward.
Thomas C. Keys: The question between the $25 plan and our normal $40 all-in plan for talk, text and web, we really try to wall this off for new acquisition. It is only available on 3 handsets, and you have to purchase a new handset; it's not transferable to an existing handset, and there's a difference between the 2 plans of $15. The $25 plan, as we mentioned, is not allowed to receive an additional discount on a family plan, so we think there's enough separation and space in terms of pricing and enough separation and space in terms of what's actually provided in the plan that we think it will be interesting to see if we test the new segment, which is the goal. And certainly, if we do believe we see a downdrift to a place we're not comfortable, we have the option to pull it.
