Mike Sievert: Unfortunately, Michael, I would give you a little bit of color, but probably can’t unpack it very quantitatively for you. The color is probably as you would suspect. This unlimited 55+ and also the military offer we launched a few months ago that we're very proud of. They're just going great. They're going gangbusters and it's really showing new audiences where we've been under indexed, audiences that have been under appreciated in this market that somebody is looking out for. And our business is responding. So they've been nice contributors. Another thing that’s been a nice contributor has been the business markets. We say our highest activations ever in the business markets this last quarter, more public sector successes across the board enterprise successes and in larger enterprises where churn is more favorable. So, the lowest churn in our business markets ever this last quarter as well. And to your question about Netflix, yeah, we can’t unpack it for you too much except to say, yes, it does turn out that those that are taking advantage of it do have lower churn. And that was one of the things that was important for our business case and it is panning out to be the case.
Mike Sievert: A lot of what we're seeing on these ARPU developments has to do with customers choosing to deepen their relationships with us. It's not just about the prices we offer, it's about customers seeing the value of what we offer and deciding to buy up our stack and that's important. We were able to beat consensus of ARPU this quarter, we were generally stable from a year ago, 1.2% or so. But what's happening is that people are taking advantage of, for example, our taxes and fees included, which is a terrific value and something that's contributing, for example, to our all-time record churn and so these things have business cases that unfold, but that's offset by customers deciding to move up from our legacy, simple choice offers into our fully unlimited T-Mobile ONE, customers buying more features from us like T-Mobile ONE Plus, which is a great add-on package and other things. So they're choosing proactively to deepen their relationships with us and partly that's because the experience they're having on our network, we’re attracting more prime consumers, more suburban families, people with more serious wireless needs and because the customers have more serious needs, they're buying up our stack.
Mike Sievert: The experience we've had, not just this quarter, but if you go back since we started the carrier moves, you go back to 2013, our customers have enjoyed a 12-fold increase in the data that they can use with about an 11% decline in price, but also a significant expansion in our EBITDA and EBITDA margin. That's the history. Our history with MetroPCS is even greater. Since we merged and acquired MetroPCS, we have twice as many customers, three times as many employees, we cover five times as many markets and MetroPCS customers have gotten greater than 10-fold the amount of data. And they've enjoyed in their various plans between 17% and 25% lower priced plans, and by the way, they use more data than the rest of our customer base. So when you click ahead to what we're talking about when coming together with Sprint and this significant expansion in available capacity that we're going to have, that's where you can clearly see competition will definitely go up, service offerings will expand and prices, customers will be the beneficiary of lower prices, while we'll be able to drive the profitability because of the significant decrease in cost structure. So that's our game plan in the past. We’ve proved it. It's our game plan going forward as well as into the new T-Mobile.
Mike Sievert: Well, as we said, when we announced the acquisition of Layer3, this is a market that, if there ever was one that needs to be on carrier and we see a lot of opportunity. We’re doing a few things. Number one, we have our heads down, kind of quietly expanding what we have and as a test bed, while simultaneously developing the product that we intend to bring to market and you're going to see a lot of firsts in that product, because customers have a lot of needs. They're sick and tired of these outdated systems that the legacy cable companies have been bringing them with their outdated program guides and the technology island that your TV represents as opposed to your highly connected social media fueled life that you live in your mobile phones. So we're really excited about what we can do there.  We continue to plan it for this year, during 2018, as our initial launch and our team's doing a fantastic job. What's really interesting and we went into Layer3 with the idea in the back of our heads of the new T-Mobile. What's really interesting is what component it could become when the 5G network of the new company starts to unfold, because this 5G network is a network where we intend to plunge into broadband, not just mobile connections like today, but in the in-home broadband, because this network has the depth and breadth of 5G that's simply unprecedented in the market.  We see the opportunity to offer broadband during -- in huge swaths of the market, which will bring competition benefits to customers even those who don't choose us, but we think about 10 million will choose us over the first few years, because we'll be offering a better price broadband offering and by the way, an offering to parts of the market that have literally no competition today like half of Americans today have one or zero high speed broadband offers. That's crazy, it's the definition of uncompetitive. Once we do that, now, all of a sudden, the TV is even more interesting because you're offering the broadband and you can offer the TV on top of it. So that's a big piece of the future of the new T-Mobile. And I think one of the exciting -- there was a question previously about any learnings, since we announced the transaction. Amongst the things that I'm watching happening in the industry and various announcements is when you see what's happening in the cable industry for example and what broadband access is driving for their value and you realize the speeds that they're giving, what people haven't really connected to until recently is that with the new T-Mobile, by 2021, two-thirds of the country will have greater than 100 megabit speed, so if you think about in the context of broadband, by 2024, it will be 90%.  And very importantly, in the underserved rural America segment, when you get out to 2024, we'll have 74% of them covered with greater than 10 megs, but with home CP and our in-broadband distribution opportunity that we see, you'll have 84% that can get greater than 25 megabits. Now, that's a big learning, because I don't think people have really thought through what's going to come with the network capabilities at the wireless players like us will bring and what its impact is going to be, on amongst other things, in home broadband where we expect to serve close to 10 million customers out by 2024 and 20% to 25% of them will be in rural America and these are the things that I don't think people have double clicked on yet with what happens when network speeds get to be 150, 450 megabits and certainly greater in hot areas.
Mike Sievert: Yeah. So a couple of things. One is, we've seen the overall retail footprint grow just in line with the predictions we gave you a couple of years ago. We had said when we were addressing about 230 million Americans, we'd see it hit about 260 million Americans addressed by our retail fleet and that's what we've accomplished. That in a little more. And back to John's point, a big piece of what I think you count on this management team to do is to look ahead a couple of years and see that potential headwinds and take actions to make sure that that they become positive tailwinds and our retail expansion and geographic expansion has been a great example of that. What we're seeing is what we predicted for you we would see, which is there's been particularly in Greenfield markets a pent up demand for T-Mobile. We've got markets where we have entered and gone immediately into share affording leadership, that's a great sign for us. So our retail fleet has been highly productive. As a result, we're going to concentrate any additional expansion into Greenfield areas, smaller towns, rural areas, we're also expanding our fleet of retail like trucks because that's a great way to address some smaller towns. So we've been emboldened by the results.  I'll tell you that on the flip side of it, in some of the urban areas, we've also found that we've got the right penetration now, that we don't need more retail penetration in urban markets and that's an important learning for us as well. But generally speaking, what we predicted for you when we launched this retail expansion and last year in ’17 became America's fastest growing retailer is paying out just like we predicted for you that it would.
Mike Sievert: Not really. Some of these markets by the way are very small, but in some cases, where we’re brand new never existed before in just two or three quarters, we're seeing mid-single digit penetrations. That's nice to see. But again, it's -- the results, your results may vary because all these markets are quite different.
Mike Sievert: Maybe a little conservative, but one of the reasons we do this is because the back half of the year contains, in some sense, a higher degree of uncertainty every year and that's because some of the big phone launches happen during that time and it's hard to predict competitive moves. I will say the last couple of years, we've seen -- we haven't been really surprised by what we've seen from our competitors in those big phone launches. So, we will have to see how the year plays out, but we're feeling very confident.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Phil, you’re on the verge of asking as many questions as Walt, so we're going to go to the next question, operator.
Mike Sievert: Yes. It certainly helps. And even today, I mean, if you deploy 2.5 on our dense networking key urban areas, then, you'd see pretty strong performance, but it's important again. We’ve mentioned earlier on the call, you need low band and you need low band to get deep into those building costs, you need a good strong mid band layer and mid band in 5G includes 2.5 gigahertz, the spectrum band that Sprint has the most of. And so yes, I mean, the whole plan here and if you think about the statements Mike made about broadband and what we can do, the intent here is to lay down a layer of flawless capability for not just macro one on street, but also to penetrate the home and the 2.5 gigahertz spectrum with the right network architecture and layout can absolutely help us achieve that. 
Mike Sievert: Yeah. A couple of things. Amy, I mean I think, our competition is talking about it as a way of justifying, getting going with millimeter wave, because they're kind of quickly realizing that millimeter wave, as John was saying, as a standalone 5G mobility strategy really isn't a strategy and so they're pivoting now their story to fixed wireless in the homes. So that's what they're doing, what we're doing is building a broad and deep 5G network that's a combination of spectrum, low, mid and high and that allows us to address big sections of the country with the new T-Mobile and bring broadband. And as John said, we will be in a place in just three years into this where 62% of the country, two-thirds of the country have one 100 megabits per second service or better and that's going to allow us to support about 10 million customers that use home broadband type capacities like a half a terabyte a month types of capacities and so we're going after this market, we're not going to get into right now what markets are where, but we're going to bring a level of competition to this market that's very serious and that the industry has not seen and it's a market that needs competition very badly.
Mike Sievert: I mean as John said, this is -- what you're seeing is a demonstration that the investments we've been telling you about are starting to pay off. And if anybody had any question about whether this business was slowing down, this quarter is the latest stance. Our postpaid phone net adds are equal to if you took every other player in the market, including the number two player Comcast and added them all up and then double it. That's how many postpaid phone net adds we delivered in the quarter and it's a demonstration that the strategy is working, geographic expansion, business expansion, segment expansion, suburban fringe expansion, going after different groupings of customers that have always been under penetrated into our base and it's working, so we're really proud of the results and as you can tell, it's not just driven by us taking share with 2.0 porting ratios for AT&T and Verizon, but it's also driven by having the lowest postpaid phones sharing in the history of our company and we think that's sustainable. That's driven by our network and it's driven by the brand and those things are both very, very strong and getting stronger.
Mike Sievert: Right. I think the word of the day at school today must have been inflection point, but I don't think that we've been very consistent over many, many quarters. We feel very strong it. All right. Well, you’re always welcome on this call.
John Legere: Mike, I think one of the things I’m glad you recognized. We were very forward looking team, not just on the investments in our network but the focus on the segments that we know provide growth including of course geographic expansion around the network. And that has gotten us to the point where quarter after quarter we are not getting the growth that we thought about three to four or more quarters ago. I would also say that one of the most exciting parts is, on a day to day basis going forward, our network has never been better and it is going to be better every day. And secondly, we have started to perform in the customer care environment in a way that I don't think American business itself has ever seen. And those two aspects of a care experience and a network experience that's never been matched up to now, I feel very bullish about what we're going to be able to do going forward.
John Legere: I wouldn't say new learnings, we've been very, very pleased from day one with the story that we're providing as to why the coming together with Sprint is pro-competition, pro-consumer, pro-America, very critical from many aspects especially the deployment of 5G capabilities. And the whole story together has been something that we've been telling and working on and we're very confident that with that story and the details of why these two companies coming together makes tremendous sense for competition, for the country, the learning is that it's a story that we need to keep telling and it's a story that with the aspects associated with the people we are competing against has been very well received. But as you know, this is a process where all I can say is we're in a process, we're in multiple processes that we greatly respect and we have committed to playing continuous and not necessarily in the public eye. But as it's going, I would say we feel very good that if we continue to tell this story to the associated regulatory groups that they will see why this is a deal that should be approved.
John Legere: Operator, we’re going to take another question on the phone, but I ask my peers here to go through the various questions that are coming in on TMUS in the various IR sites that if, you know, pick one, I’ll pause and one or two questions from the operator and we’ll go to those as well. So, operator we’ll take the next question on the phone.
John Legere: Let's just make sure we go into that question from a standpoint of remembering that 7% service revenue growth, 7% EBITDA and the increase that we are driving in cash from operations and free cash flow in this business is something that's a part of going in. I certainly haven't seen any of our peers driving that kind of growth in top-line revenue. And I think mostly our peers, our competitors are attempting to break the zero line. So I'm very pleased with the differentiation of what we're doing and how we’re driving it all the way to cash, but maybe Mike and Braxton can talk both about ARPU.
John Legere: Yeah. And let me just add a couple of things, when you really deep dive some of these ARPU changes and trajectory with the competitors, you've got to remember that they're doing it by screwing the customer. Administrative fees are a huge part of what's happening there and you're taking that out of the pockets of existing customers. You know our strategy has been that when we model all permutations of how we could manage the business and we're very balanced in the way that we do it, we can create a lot more terminal value by unlocking the scale benefits of the network that's in place and we're doing that with a generally stable ARPU, which has been down just slightly over the last two years. And that's a situation that we're going to do on a standalone basis and it gets really exciting the competition that we can bring with all of the network capacity with the new T-Mobile that will be formed in the future and that's our philosophy, that’s the way we run the business and we're here to create shareholder value.
John Legere: Neville, I think the topic that you're covering is a great way, so going to the end, yes, we are interested -- we've made that very clear from the beginning. We have some processes that we have to work through with the FCC that we are clearly driving ahead and we have nothing to report, but our interest is high. I would also say never confuse our attacks on the millimeter wave strategy of our competitors with us not believing that there's a place for millimeter wave spectrum in the 5G portfolio of what you need to create. It's just not a standalone way to drive what this nation needs for coverage in 5G. And very importantly, what we've said is with the breadth and the depth that you can get with the new T-Mobile’s network of T-Mobile low band and Sprint’s 2.5, we can deliver something that is truly one of a kind in the world from a standpoint of 5G. And the millimeter wave component is something we're very interested in and we'll put it in the portfolio. We have some spectrum already that we’ll be deploying, but this nationwide deep, broad network is what this country needs and that's kind of not something you get purely by hot spots in three or four geographic locations, but good question and by the way along with millimeter wave, Neville has never met any spectrum yet on this planet that he wasn't interested in. So okay, operator.
John Legere: Yes. I just want to point out that you're going to be explaining why you have a meager 46% to 48% CAGR on three year free cash flow, which is something we should stop for a moment and just celebrate before.
John Legere: So I think, you're onto a really important piece of the confidence that we have that there is tremendous future growth opportunity. With this geographical expansion across the US and even when we combine with Sprint, we just take that up on steroids and the other growth adjacency that Mike was talking about earlier that gives us extreme confidence from multiple years of high growth is what we're seeing in the business channel. We're still tremendously under indexed but have incredible momentum going in that channel. And Mike threw up some of those stats earlier, we're just really excited about these two areas.
John Legere: You know how we do the guidance. I think Bill Ho actually asked the question earlier, this is the fourth or fifth year where you've increased your growth guidance every quarter. I think it’s the fifth year. We take it up as we execute throughout the year and we see nothing that's really going to stop the trend. So, no change really in the way that we're providing guidance to the marketplace and we're really optimistic for the back half of the year.
John Legere: But, I think it's important as we said in the commentary coming off a record Q2, our guidance change is intended to show that we feel very good about the rest of the year.
John Legere: And finally, I think you asked about tablets. We never really played the tablet game to generate growth. We've consistently done 200,000, 300,000 give or take. We've never really pushed that button to juice it up and I think that strategy played out well when you look at what's really happened in the tablet space, being connected with all the other carriers who did actually play that game pretty heavily.
John Legere: I just want to say that the teams over -- under on the timing of your answer was 12 to 15 minutes and you exceeded that. With respects to continuing to lower churn numbers, does T-Mobile have new initiatives that could add on to this or is the plan to continue customer -- current customer loyalty techniques? We haven't talked much about churn. Kyle, thanks for the question. I’ll tell you what. Our teams should just feel so proud today that we've bust through this 1.0 barrier for the first time ever and delivered 0.95% churn and it really shows the two things are working incredibly well for this business. Number one, Americans are finally realizing that our network has caught up and beaten Verizon's and AT&T’s.  There may be some coverage differences around the margins in a couple of square miles in the rural areas, but where we all live and work, our network is the best bar none and Americans are finally figuring that out mostly through word of mouth, which gets to the second piece, which is that our brand is firing on all cylinders. We're experiencing the highest net promoter scores right now in the history of this industry and that means that people are telling other people about T-Mobile and those two things are working together bring more customers to us and drive our churn down. And to your question Kyle, yeah, that's something we think is sustainable and it will only be taken to the next level when we come together and create the new T-Mobile but that that element of an ever improving network and an ever improving brand is core to who we are.
John Legere: Okay. I think we have time for one more question, which I hesitate to go to the phone on because I’m looking ahead, but operator let's take the next question.
John Legere: A couple of things. One is, it's not just about promotions, it's also about what you get in the new devices and one thing you've heard from us Walt over and over is talk about the importance of the 600 megahertz layer in our network, well, because of that, we're going to see it really important that customers adopt 600 megahertz compatible phones. And so, you may see us getting behind phones in a big way that have that technology because we're obsessed with customer experience and we know with how fast Neville’s going, rolling out this network, 950 cities so far in 33 states already being touched by 600 megahertz, we need to get handsets in people's hands. And so you're going to see us pursuing a strategy that's pro upgrade, especially when it's an upgrade that will get you onto a 600 megahertz compatible phone.
Walt Piecyk: John, I actually wasn't joking about those coordination. I think actually if you disclose it to the FCC ahead of time, you're allowed to do it, but presumably that's not the plan for any of these upcoming auctions right.
Walt Piecyk: Got it. Can you give us a sense, I mean, upgrade rates are or were down for you guys and for all your peers, can you give us a sense of when you look at the age product in your base, what you think is going to happen as we exit 2018 and whether this might be a year that promotions invert back up by you or some of your competitors.
Walt Piecyk: Got it. And then Mike, you haven't grown postpaid phone net adds for a while, so this is the first time in six quarters. Is this the inflection point that we've been looking for in terms of the low band investments and the store investments that you've made resonating with these very low penetrated markets that you’ve talked about in the past, whether it's sub-urb enterprise, whatever it is, which of these areas do you think are inflecting or is this just, hey, you had a good quarter, it might slow down in the second half of the year and we’re still waiting for that kind of a big kick in where you take the Verizon subs and mass going forward.
Walt Piecyk: Last time you got over 2.0 was when Verizon launched unlimited, so I guess we’ll see what the competitive response is if any.
