Jud Henry: All right. Welcome to T-Mobile's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Mike Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO; and as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review. Our earnings release, investor fact book and other documents related to our results, as well as reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found in the Quarterly Results section of the Investor Relations website. With that, let's get it over to Mike to tell us about our results.
Jud Henry: All right. Let's get to your questions. You can ask a question via phone by pressing star then one and via X by sending a tweet to @TMobileIR or @MikeSievert using $TMUS. We'll start with a question on the phone. Operator first question please.
Jud Henry: Thank you, Greg. It's all the time we have today. Really appreciate everybody joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to either the Investor Relations or Media Relations departments. And with that, thank you very much.
Mike Sievert: Absolutely. Great, Jon. And also on Fixed Wireless, the product is just really resonating. Maybe Mike, you can say what, some of the things that we're doing is to respond to this ongoing growth and the acceptance of the product in the marketplace.
Mike Sievert: And then finally, Simon and not to steal your thunder off just to make the short version. We haven't drawn any new conclusions versus what we previously told you about possible models. Beyond this initial capital light model that we have for high-speed Internet. As you know, our forecast all along have said that model takes us to 7 million to 8 million subscribers. We're well on our way. We'll monitor that as we get closer. And we got a lot of time left. So stay tuned if we're able to provide you with an update on that in the future, but no update today.
Mike Sievert: Thanks, Craig. A couple of things. First of all, you heard Peter guide a confident guide on 2% growth in ARPA on the year. And that's terrific to see. And obviously, there's this ongoing trend that customers who buy T-Mobile can't get enough of it, and they're moving up our rate card. And that's great to see. So we're in a great spot. And before I say more about what opportunities we might see, I'll remind everybody listening that we're in an era of unprecedented value that consumers and businesses are realizing from this category generally. I've mentioned previously that typically today across the category, not just at T-Mobile, customers are getting three times more data than just five years ago. And at four times greater speeds industry-wide than five years ago. So there's tremendous value being given to customers in this category and if there are ways for us to find optimizations in terms of how we deliver that enormous value so that we can be more competitive and more efficient at how we operate including looking in our rate card and looking at our rate plans and looking at our policies and procedures, we'll find those opportunities. Q4, we took some of those opportunities. We found a more efficient way to handle auto pay discounts with our customers and fully put that through the base throughout Q4, and that's an important optimization. Right now, taking a lead from Netflix as they've changed their portfolio, we've made changes to the Netflix benefits that we give, which have been well accepted by customers. So there's a theme here. We may find optimizations, but we will be guided by a couple of things. One, what customers accept and appreciate because that's really important. And number two, we have no intentions of sacrificing our brand position as the value leader in terms of what you get for what you pay in this marketplace. That's always been a differentiator for us, and we will defend that jealously. But I'd tell you, there's opportunities that could be there in an era of unprecedented value being seen by consumers and businesses. And if we can take those and meet those guidelines that I've laid out, we'll do so.
Mike Sievert: I'll start on ACP, and I hand it to Peter to finish on ACP and take the bonus depreciation question. When it comes to the number of subscribers in our reported base, it's substantially none. There's a very, very small amount of Metro customers, and that's it. So it's constrained to our Assurance Wireless business, which is not reported as subscribers and to our wholesale business. And as it relates to ACP and what's happening to it, obviously, that's in motion. You may have noticed that our EBITDA guide was a tiny bit wider this year. I would tell you that all the outcomes that we see for ACP are fully embedded in the guide that we gave you on EBITDA. And look, our risk profile around ACP is a little different than, say, a broadband company. They went very big into it, committed lots of customers and numbers to it. And also, I think one subscribers that may or may not stick around. Mobile is different. Mobile is a product that customers will keep. And if they lose that discount our job, and I think our team is up to the task is to go win them over with our high-value offers. And we have some of the best brands in the space with incredible value propositions. And as other wireless providers see the same thing happen, we will get after it and position our brands as the place that those people land. So there's a risk profile around it for T-Mobile, but I think much smaller than with other players, and it's fully embedded in the guidance. That's that, I'll let Peter pick up there as well as talk about the bonus depreciation.
Mike Sievert: I'll start on churn and maybe hand it to Mike on competition. Churn was up 9 basis points sequentially. And if you look at the last several years since we completed the merger from Q3 to Q4, the average is 10 basis points sequentially. So it's right in line, maybe even a little better than past sequential moves. Our business tends to be seasonal, with Q4 being a higher time period of churn. And that being said I was really pleased with getting the 9 basis points given some of the optimizations that were fully implemented in Q4 that I mentioned in response to an earlier question. Look, there's no question in my mind that we are on a journey towards the best churn in this industry. And that's because we have the best value and the best network and a history of being able to treat customers with respect. And so we'll find that journey making its way. '24 is going to be an interesting year because as I mentioned earlier, there are optimizations across the board that we may find are in our best interest to take. As long as they don't put at risk, our superior value proposition as long as there are things that will be well accepted or even appreciated by customers. And so I can't give you specifics on the guide. I can tell you that with this churn, 9 basis points higher sequentially, we delivered a big beat in postpaid net additions on phones of 934,000, bigger than we guided even during the middle of the quarter. And so we're very comfortable with the formula. And we're comfortable with the formula in part because competition has been remarkably consistent. I'll let Mike talk about what we're seeing.
Mike Sievert: Yes, I'll just start by kind of reminding everybody that, as Peter already pointed out, the '24 guide at the midpoint is higher than our earlier Capital Markets Day guide, and it's 9% year-over-year, which is three times the expectation of our peers. And so it's really terrific to see this business scaling and without the incremental year-over-year benefit of big expansions and synergies, that's mostly behind us almost entirely. And so that's really great to see. It obviously comes from ongoing progression of valuable customers, some of the best customers with the best payment records in the industry as well as efficiencies that we can see in how we run the business.
Mike Sievert: Terrific. Great. Well, let's start with upgrade rates. We don't see big catalysts for change here. Around the edges, there may be some, and we can talk about those. For example, we have a brand-new rate plan called Go5G Next, which offers upgrade benefits, could change it on the margin and other things. But generally speaking, people are keeping their phones longer. And they're doing that because the phones are very expensive, and they're very capable. For our customers, 75% of them have 5G phones that are able to take advantage of the vast majority of our advanced network capabilities that we already have implemented. And so those kinds of things are a great position to be in, and I don't think there's a big catalyst for change in 2024. As it relates to SpaceX, yes, we're really excited about it. And way back when we announced it, we talked about the capabilities, starting with text messaging, peer-to-peer text messaging, the ability to reach people if you can see the sky. We expected to cover the Continental US big parts of Alaska, big parts of the world's oceans and be able to allow you to stay in connection with your loved ones. That will progress into picture messaging and eventually talk and other capabilities. And the beta we expect if things go well, we should have these capabilities in customer hands this year. As it relates to who it appeals to, look, anybody that finds themselves on occasion in one of the 500,000 square miles in this country, not covered by any of the networks. And that's most of us. And so there's something about the peace of mind of knowing that if you can see the sky, generally speaking, you're connected. And that's our dream. That's the aspiration that we set out when we announced this partnership, and it's great to have the first satellites in the sky.
Mike Sievert: Okay. Great. We don't know whether it will be material. But we do know that, and are reasonably confident that it's fully embedded within all of the outcomes that we provided in our guidance range to you. But let's start with Fixed Wireless and go to Mike. And then Mike, if you want to transition to what we're seeing with ACP and Peter will probably pile on.
Mike Sievert: And the shareholder return program that we have underway really helps with it overall. Despite this dilution event that we saw, the overall trend is anti-dilution as we retire shares through the program. So it's a good trend to be on.
Mike Sievert: It's kind of neat to see that if you just listen to that, that essentially our whole business effort has just kind of grown up. And we're now competing to solve really important organizational problems for enterprise and government. With the corner office. And that's just a different place for us. And it's been interesting to see you've had to retool all the skills and the capabilities and the solutions. And now we have this business that is just breaking records. So there's a lot of room to run because we're at the very beginning, I think, of CIOs and organizational leaders rethinking their connectivity in the era of AI. And when they start to assess who's best positioned in this era to provide reliable, secure connectivity with dedicated spectrum, it's T-Mobile. And so it's just, we're lucky to be in this moment at the very moment that everyone is rethinking everything in technology thanks to the advent of AI and related technologies. So it's a great place to be. Okay.
Mike Sievert: You bet. Hopefully, you can tell we're trying to get to absolutely as many questions as we can as time so let's keep moving.
Mike Sievert: Well, first, on overall capacity, it's a good opportunity to turn it to Ulf and maybe you can say what we're seeing now that we're substantially complete with the initial build.
Mike Sievert: As it relates to your specific question on the 15 times, I actually don't have the answer at my fingertips. So I'm going to look into that. I can tell you that when we made that estimate, what we had in mind were the commercial results that we have delivered in space, being able to see phone usage grow the way it has grown at T-Mobile, it's now more than triple what it was five years ago. Four times the speed and then some and being able to handle this massive home broadband business on top as well as all the growth that we see in enterprise. So as we laid out this network, that way back in 2018 and planned it, we have met every single expectation that we laid out there, including some stringent commitments that we made to the FCC as part of the merger process and just completed a massive nationwide drive in order to be able to make those goals. So I would be surprised if it's anything other than the 15x has been achieved, but I'll have to double check on that. As it relates to the F1, it's fascinating, you hear Ulf talking about Network Slicing and what it's doing for people. And there have been lots of applications. We talk about F1 because it's very public and it's going to be great case study for all of our executive briefing center visits, et cetera. But there have been lots of these now. And look, your previous options were either string wires everywhere, which was not ideal or rely on Wi-Fi. Where you have no control over the radio spectrum and it's a best efforts service with a shared spectrum. And so this is a breakthrough for organizations that they need mission-critical distributed connectivity. Network slicing on 5G is a breakthrough solution for that. We're going to see lots of applications like powering the commercial operations at F1, where it's the perfect solution.
Mike Sievert: I mean this industry gives remarkable value, and we've been talking about that a little bit during the call. As it relates to T-Mobile, we're always looking for ways that we can serve customers better and make sure that we build a profitable business around that. And we have to do that smartly so that we defend and extend our fame as the value provider because that's so important, and we have lower costs. So that should be defensible over the long haul as evidenced by things like a lower debt structure and lower cost to service that debt than anybody else in the industry. So it's a defensible place, but we have to defend it by making smart decisions. And we have the best network, and that should allow us to find the right optimization to be able to serve customers better. We can't give you predictions over the long haul other than to say that in 2024, we see opportunities, and that's why we've got a confident guide in 2% year-over-year gain in ARPA. And over the long haul, we'll see what happens. But I will tell you that I'm pleased that customers are getting such incredible value from this category, and that certainly does open up opportunities for us to make sure for T-Mobile that if there are opportunities for us to monetize that in smart ways that it will be appreciated by customers, we'll find ways to do that.
Mike Sievert: And if it's further comfort, I will tell you, obviously, we're going to be guided by what creates value, and there are no absolutes there. So, but I will tell you, we're not pursuing to the premise of the example in your question, we're not pursuing a big like on-balance sheet transaction in this space. There's no big deal on the horizon that we see that would knock us off our pace. And I think that's important calculus. If something presented itself, it made a lot of sense for shareholders, our jobs to bring it to you. But right now, we don't see it.
Michael Katz: Yes. I mean one thing that is kind of just amazing when you look back at it, we've essentially been in the market with our Fixed Wireless product for two years. And in two years, we've gone from a launch product to what you saw at the end of Q4, which is nearly 5 million customers on Fixed Wireless, making us one of the largest ISPs in America with a product that still leads versus every other industry in customer satisfaction. So we're really proud of what's been built here and continued momentum. We saw gross adds this year, the highest they've ever been. So we have a lot of demand for this product. And so one of the decisions you saw us recently take was reverting back to our standard pricing in our Fixed Wireless product. We've been so moving away from our promotional pricing that we've been on for the last two years to our standard pricing which we put into market earlier this month. And we think that still offers the best value inside the broadband business and the best experience as demonstrated by the NPS scores that I just talked about. So we think there's still room to grow in HSI. We still, with a 5 million customer base still runway in front of us to grow both in new customers but also in services. We think having a 5 million customer broadband base gives us the opportunity to bring more services into the home, which the team is actively exploring.
Michael Katz: Yes. This has always been a really competitive environment in the industry and dynamic and competitive. And honestly, that's the way we like it. For us, when there's lots of competition and customers are looking around shopping, T-Mobile ends up being the net winner. And you see that both in '23 with, and in Q4, specifically with T-Mobile having the highest share of net adds. And you saw it consistently throughout the year with the account growth that T-Mobile posted, which was highest by far in the industry. What we saw in Q4, I would describe as generally consistent with what we saw last year. Offers were pretty much the same, very aggressive, but pretty consistent with previous year. I think what's been different is the way that T-Mobile or what's evolved, maybe I should say, is the way that T-Mobile competes. Mike and Peter both talked about this value proposition we have of best value, which historically has always been the thing that T-Mobile has owned. And then more recently developed the best network. And those two things together really creates a unique value proposition that's unmatched in the industry and is resonating with customers. You saw it again in Q4, and you continue to see us enhance it as we did this year with the launch of the Go5G plans the launch of Phone Freedom, which in a shopping time like Q4 as customers are looking to upgrade, we think, really resonated, and you saw it in the net add performance.
Michael Katz: Yes. I think on the Fixed Wireless side, like I mentioned earlier, we've seen steady demand for this product since it's launched. And a lot of the things that you mentioned are absolutely true. Like our execution has gotten better. We have built more stores. So like we've got distribution closer to customers in areas like rural areas. There's more awareness of the product, both generally and the overall market but also within our base. All of those things certainly have been factors. I think the other big thing that's been a factor is churn. Because remember, the net additions are the difference between gross adds and the number of customers that churn. And we've seen a steady improvement with churn with HSI year-over-year, really across every single 10-year cohort. We knew that churn would come down as our base aged and got into later cohorts, which we see the later cohorts of customers in this churn at a rate that's pretty comparable with cable. We knew that churn would come down as our base age. But what's really exciting is as the product has improved itself and as the experience has improved and frankly, as our execution has improved, even the early 10-year cohort churn has started to reduce, and we've seen that consistently throughout the year.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And Craig, with respect to ARPU, I mean, as we've talked about multiple times, it's very much a mix-driven metric. And on the consumer side, we have seen continued growth in ARPU. Now that's offset with some of the success and tremendous value creation that we've had in enterprise and government. Those are obviously lower ARPU customers with high CLVs, larger ARPAs. And so that's why the focus on one, the customer value differential that we're bringing and our ARPA playbook, we believe is the right way to go, and you can see that demonstrated in what we delivered in 2023 and Q4 from a postpaid service revenue perspective, that's where you're kind of focused in with postpaid ARPU. And frankly, what we see from a service revenue opportunity in 2024 is even larger percentage growth than what we delivered in 2023. So more than the 3.1% full year growth we'll see in '24 despite, of course, some slight ongoing headwinds in wholesale with the offset of TracFone and other carriers. So we couldn't be more excited about this is the right playbook that delivers the most value creation in the industry.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And just housekeeping wise, again, we don't participate in ACP on the postpaid side. We have a little immaterial amount through Metro and the rest, Assurance isn't reported in our subscriber counts and of course, wholesale customers are not either. So that's it with respect to ACP. And on bonus depreciation, look, we're continuing to monitor the developments. And of course, we're very supportive of a tax regime that stimulates investment into the network into US leadership on this front. With regards to '24, we're not anticipating to be a significant cash taxpayer, so it wouldn't impact the guide for 2024. And we'll see where it goes. And of course, as it develops, we could update you later in the year for outer years.
Peter Osvaldik: All right. Well, Mike, certainly, our long-run aspiration is to continue to see margin expansion in core EBITDA. But much like you see us focus really, the primary focus here is to continue to be the leader and continue expanding in our ability to deliver free cash flow margin relative to service revenue because that takes out all the noise of relative differentials and how P&Ls are recognized, backhaul, et cetera, and really provides a true color for value creation. And that's where we're already in a leadership position and continue to see more expansion opportunity there.
Peter Osvaldik: Naturally, Mike, I think what you saw was a little bit of a tapering. We're not going to talk about day-to-day dynamics, but a little bit of a tapering of the share buyback program. As we were nearing that issuance and that trigger point of the SoftBank share. So we're past that now. I think we're confident in our ability to deliver what we've signed up for here, which is another incremental up to $16 billion currently authorized in share buybacks and dividends for 2024 and pacing towards that.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And on to that, as we said, a big part of this is also the service revenue growth leadership that we anticipate, that we expect to increase in 2024 on a growth basis relative to '23. And then there's, it's across the business. I mean we've made tremendous investments as we are expanding the network as we are expanding distribution. We're reaping some of that. But make no mistake, this is a very scrappy team that's looking at not only just currently where can you continue to drive efficiencies. But how do you take advantage the network modernization of technology modernization of all the buzzwords that you hear these days around AI and other things, but how do you do it in an uncarrier fashion with the customer at the center of it while driving efficiencies out of the business. So we see a lot of room to run here over a multiyear arc on this front.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. And I would just add on to that to your point, remember, we're well on our way to our 7 million to 8 million target and hence, some of the moves we made to really optimize value creation. And so I'd probably expect on a quarterly basis, nets might be in the 400,000 range is really what you need to get to that ambition, while creating more value given some of the promotional pricing that we've now pared back. On ACP, I think the important element is we'll see where it goes. But our anticipation with everything that Mike highlighted around the category itself is the outcomes inclusive of should ACP not continue on, is embedded in the core EBITDA guidance range that we provided as well as in our expectation that service revenue growth will be larger in full year '24 than 2023. So that's all embedded in the guidance that we provided.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. We haven't specifically guided to that. And remember, we have a little bit of visibility given some of the MPGs, which do trail off with respect to DISH. But I'd expect a continued year-over-year sequential decline, but not a specific guide on wholesale.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. So Mint, we anticipate Mint to close in Q1 and that is included in the guide itself. And of course, that will result once it does close and a little bit of service revenue and cost geography changes with minimal net impact to core EBITDA, as we talked about earlier. But all of that including ACP contemplation is considered in the guide that we gave. But it wouldn't be appropriate for me to speak specifically about Mint as we haven't closed yet.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. I think that they will come. Obviously, we're still in this period in 2023, we had significant merger-related costs. We're going to have a little bit of merger-related costs in 2024, probably 150 in Q1 and 50 in Q2. But you are going to see us have more and more focus on EPS. And obviously, there was a couple, as I mentioned, a couple of catalysts, including the 48.8 million shares for Q4, but you'll see us more and more focused on EPS. Look, the margin expansion is going to flow into the bottom line. And you'll see us there. We're not quite there yet. Little bit more work to do with the merger-related costs and other things, but it's definitely something we keep an eye on, and it's important.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. '24, we'd expect to be generally stable to 2023. And in terms of dynamics, it's going to be the same set of dynamics. You have growth in high-value creating enterprise and government customers. You have growth in tremendously great CLV segment customers like 55+ and Military on the consumer side, which Jon has just seen tremendous success with. You're going to see uptake of our highest tier, highest value rate plans continue at a great clip. And then it just becomes a mix-driven metric. And again, we tend to solve for ARPA and ARPA growth and overall service revenue growth as the focus point. So that's, it's going to be more of the same with regards to ARPU.
Peter Osvaldik: All right. In the context of the guide for the industry as a whole, we do expect some moderation year-over-year, probably a little bit more moderation in our expectation than what you saw in '22 to '23. But look we look at it from a number of scenarios and kind of give a range. And our job is to within whatever happens in there, to continue to be the share-taking leader. And when we see accretive opportunities to go above and beyond, much like we did in Q4 and all of 2023, we'll deliver on those. So that's kind of what we look to and work within. In terms of capital, I mean, we talk about fiber and all of that. If you recall, what we said is we thought it was the right time and a prudent thing to do in the rate environment and what we saw to delever a little bit more rapidly to the 2.5 point by the end of 2024. We're there at the end of 2023, but there are some puts and takes in terms of timing of payments, for example, with respect to Columbia Capital, but it was the right thing to do there. But even within that, which allowed that envelope that we've announced of share buybacks and dividends, there was some room for investment. And so we'll look within there. But, the capital allocation methodology that we look at is the same it's always been and will continue to be. What are the highest value creating opportunities that we can see as a management team, investing in the network, investing in growth of the core business, the adjacent businesses. And then, of course, we'll look at all other things beyond that, whether that's in the fiber space, whether that's the US cellular we'd look at that process and see are there value-creating opportunities. That would be the right thing to do and invest in. But we have a little bit of wiggle room in there in terms of an envelope for investment even within the guide that we gave you.
