Jud Henry: All right. Welcome to T-Mobile's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Michael Sievert, our President and CEO; Peter Osvaldik, our CFO, as well as other members of the senior leadership team. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that contain a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. We provide a comprehensive list of risk factors in our SEC filings, which I encourage you to review.  Our earnings release Investor Fact Book and other documents related to our Q3 results, as well as reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP results discussed on this call can be found on the quarterly results section of the Investor Relations website. I’d like to remind everyone that historical results prior to the second quarter of 2020, represents standalone T-Mobile prior to the merger with Sprint. I would also like to note, that we are now in the quiet period for auction 110 and will not comment on that today. With that, let me now turn it over to Mike.
Jud Henry: All right. Let's get to your questions. [ Operator instructions] All right. We'll start with a question on the phone. Operator, first question, please.
Jud Henry: Okay. Brett. Okay, operator, we'll get back to the phone and then just to prepare the team, if you can call out one or two, you see on the Twitter feed that be great, we'll do that after this next one.
Jud Henry: No. Just again, thank you, everybody for your time. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to Investor Relations or Media Relations and we're happy to follow up. Thank you again.
Michael Sievert: Thanks, Phil. I'll start with the first one, and maybe hand it to Peter and he'll go ahead and guide you on '22, three months in advance. On CDMA, yeah, I think most of what we had to say was in our disclosure at the time. We've been in talks with all the other parties involved, including the Department of Justice. And following those talks, we just decided to take upon ourselves to voluntarily move that date out by 3 months and plan to sunset the CDMA network at the end of March.  And we did that after carefully looking at our own plans and determining that there wouldn't be a material impact from doing that to our outlook or our financials, our ability to deliver use synergies as expected. But we did want to make sure that everyone involved had the time that they needed to make sure that we meet the Department of Justice.  What I know is, is there’s a goal in the public interest, which is to make sure that every single customer out there has the opportunity and is given the opportunity to switch to the superior network in time. Now, as we've said all along, we believe that December 31 provides that ample time, and we've given everybody involved well over a year way more notice than they needed. But when we look at the actual run rates, it looked to us like even at the current rates, an extra 3 months would be something that everyone would appreciate.  And so, I'd like our partners to be moving faster, they don't appear to be, and because we just took that voluntary action on our own. And we think this is based on everything we're seeing, we think this is all that would be necessary, and so that's something that we we’re pleased to be able to do. As it relates to all the pros and cons and effects on EBITDA for next year, we're looking forward to an exciting '22, but I doubt Peter will give you a much on it, but I’d hand to my friend Peter.
Michael Sievert: Terrific, well I'll start with the first one. I don't think we have all the answers as to what's driving account growth or line growth over at all of our competitors and you don't see quite the same amount of transparency. It's one of the reasons why we decided to start talking much more about accounts and about ARPA because there's no ambiguity in that. Our 268,000 net new accounts relationships on the postpaid side was the largest in 7 years for a Q3.  And you see ARPA rising and so it shows you the quality of that business. One of the things we didn't talk about is that our prime percentage is up several points from a year ago. I mean we're getting more and more prime, not surprisingly, because we have a better and better network. So, attract -- where it's starting to attract to higher levels the best customers in the industry.  And so, for us, it's not some of the things that you might expect. It's not EBB because we have no material EBB in our numbers. Generally, that program is over on our lifelines side, which isn't in our subscriber goals, but is for our competitors in to a certain extent. It's not due to subprime, it might be for our competitors, but our prime mix continues to improve.  It’s not due to some weirdness of lines underneath the accounts because you see account growth and ARPA growth, very healthy. And you see that flowing through to industry-leading postpaid EBITDA growth, as well as industry-leading cash flow growth. And so, look, I don't know how sustainable it is. Prepaid is about flat, so there's certainly been some amount of transference there from what you would've expected to be an organic rate.  I don't know how sustainable it is. But what investors should ask themselves is if it doesn't become sustainable, who's going to win? and who has a reliable ongoing strategy that will be able to deliver growth in all the different time periods? And look, for us, we have a strategy and a set of assets. It's going after majorly under-penetrated segments, like small markets in rural areas which are 40% of the country. Like enterprise, like home broadband, your second question. These are huge places where we don't play and the other guys do.  And so that -- between that and our massive lead in 5G, we're 2 years ahead on the 5G race and I'm here to tell you that in 2 years from now we'll be 2 years or more ahead in the 5G race. And that's going to translate as well to opportunity for us. And so, look, I think there is some amount of temporary that's happening with the other guys. They're feeding to a small extent on our integration driven Sprint churn, investors will have to ask themselves whether you believe that's going to be very short-lived and not only not be a tailwind for them anymore, but will turn around.  We'll see how that goes, but we're really pleased with where things are going and what's the underlying trends. Now your second question is about convergence and about home broadband. First, I want to talk about how we're doing as being a multi category player with our push into home broadband and then maybe we can talk about the question on fiber, etc.
Michael Sievert: Perfect. Okay. Well, let's go -- Jud, let's see what's on Twitter and then we'll come back to the phones after that.
Michael Sievert: Yes, one of the things that we've talked about, and I think you heard in Peter's earlier remarks, is that after listen, we did see to the first question and impact from the data breach that happened in August, and there was a muted effect there because of that, I was quoted early in the Fourth Quarter saying that we finished much stronger and we were seeing nice trends as we entered the Fourth Quarter. And that shows that this was while a big event and something were very-very sorry happened. Something that customers have generally prepared themselves to move on from. And so that's good.  On the other hand, look, our model, one of the things I pointed out was that if you were to normalize our churn and look at what it may look like after we are finished with this integration. And just for a minute, I don't know if it will look like this, but just for a minute to say, what if all of our churn was at the Magenta levels. Our net adds this quarter, with that SOGA figure you talked about, would've been 1.2 million on the postpaid phones side. By far the biggest in the category and outsized versus time periods in our history as well.  And it really shows you that SOGA level that we're getting is reliable, sustainable, and about where we want it for this point in our journey. What you don't see us doing, Jonathan, that you may see elsewhere is kind of knee-jerk reactions and lurches into unanticipated, very expensive promotions, etc. etc. With no strategic apparent linkage behind it. And we've got a plan we consistently deliver.  We -- in any given period, we can take more gross ad share, but we want to make sure that we're also delivering the industry-leading EBITDA growth, and industry-leading cash flow growth, and we're creating the wherewithal to make this a sustainable journey as we go penetrate all these underpenetrated segments that our competitors don't have. And that takes consistency and reliability rather than chasing that last couple of points of SOGA like the other guys are doing. And we're very pleased with this execution and we think investors ought to be too when. They look at the big picture.
Michael Sievert: I don't think it's about management bandwidth, but resources are certainly a relevant point. One of the things we're doing, as you see is we're spending heavily into this integration and outpacing our expectations on the timeframes for our costs to achieve plan. So that we can get this integration done more quickly. And we think that's by far the right strategy. The customers get the benefit sooner, the shareholders get the benefits sooner.  Probably the magnitude of the benefits is positively affected by the rate and pace. But during that sausage making, it takes a lot of resources and we want to be able to reliably deliver cash flows to you and down payments as we go along, I think asking the market for a giant leap of trust for us to plow deeply into our cash flow plan in a different way than you expected just because we're ahead on integration, that wouldn't be I think a great trade-off for us to ask investors to ride along with.  So, we're paying for this as we go, and we're delivering the amount of SOGA and investing accordingly in SOGA that allows us to deliver high quality, prime customers that deliver outpacing EBITDA and cash flow growth, even during the height of this integration. Which is something I'm very pleased about.  But to your point, the underlying Magenta business, which is all we're going to have as we get into a major part of '23 is performing beautifully. And it shows you the power of this brand and that the un -carrier is in full force and effect. We are tackling the biggest pain point of all. That trade-off that people have always had to make between quality and price. We're delivering both, and they're noticing like never before. And those trends, I think bond (ph.) very well for us on the back side of this integration.
Michael Sievert: Yeah. As for that, we didn't disclose lots of detail. I did tell you that we were running last quarter at twice the pace of Verizon, who had a three-year head start. We launched this out of beta early this year. And as well as this last quarter, the [Indiscernible] team delivered more net new home broadband customers on 5G than Verizon did on fiber and 5G combined.  Which kind of shows you that there's a lot of latent demand out there, and it also shows you the capacity of our 5G network and the kinds of things people are doing on that broadband. Hundreds of gigs a month on that 5G network, and of course we have that footprint now out there pretty widely available. So maybe now you could talk about what kind of feedback we're getting from customers.
Michael Sievert: Thanks John, let's go back to the Operator and then maybe they want to prepare us 1 more Jud from this big screen of Twitter feed.
Michael Sievert: Let me start with the second one, Dave, and then we'll talk about Magenta MAX. We just don't see any cause for a further delay. And this getting people upgraded to the right side of the digital dividing, getting a high capacity 4G, 5G network in the hands of people who need it most as urgent it's certainly also important for our business.  And when we look at the run rates of upgrades and we study the run rates and the declining based on CDMA, all the curves pointed they just wouldn't be caused to delay it further. So, I wouldn't expect a further delay for that reason. I certainly wouldn't expect a further delay that would have any impact on our financials our ability to go execute the plan that we promised you, and nor does this one. We looked at it carefully.  We found a way to do this because we wanted to do the right thing for a partner that was asking us, even though we don't feel that they needed it, and we're pleased we were able to do it. And we are pleased we were able to be responsive to our conversations with the Department of Justice to do this on a voluntary basis, so no, we just don't see that there would be cause to delay it further, and then back to Magenta MAX, no, I can't give you too much on the base here, it's all very competitively sensitive. But the premise of your question is really interesting, which is the other guys might be starting to exhaust their opportunities.  Man, we're just getting started. The base, there's lots of room to run in the base and this is the very best expression of the best 5G network in the market. And no wonder, it's popular. When people have been able to get amazing handset deals by signing up for this plan, and that's been a catalyst. They're using 35 gigs a month. What we think is on its way to 80 gigs a month that this network will be able to handle, no problem. And that shows you -- the Magenta MAX experience shows you, as Mike said a little while ago, that the smartphone is the first killer app of 5G.  We see huge usage in video, and social media growth, and mobile hotspot growth. Our Magenta MAX customers don't walk into a building and look around for the Wi - Fi signal and ask you for the Wi - Fi password. They provide the Wi - Fi, and that's where this world's going. So, we're so excited about what we're seeing, but can't really parse it too much other than I agree with the premise of your question which is, do we have room to run on the base here? Yes, we do.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Phil, we'll certainly provide a full update and guide you as part of our year-end call. But let me give you a couple of points around how we think about '22. First, I know there's been questions around what's the potential impact of DISH, and I think we highlighted it well at our Q2 earnings call. DISH revenue is already under $2 billion in '21. And as we look about how the business momentum is continuing, we said that was always part of the plan.  Again, we took DISH on their word and always assumed that they would become a full facilities player, and during the duration of the LRP, that revenue would go away, and you heard us recommit and we're doing it again today around the ‘23 and the ’26 service revenue guidance, given the underlying strength for the business. And so, that is probably the area where I'm most excited. I mean, you saw the results today, you've seen the net account additions and the real growth around not just postpaid phone but postpaid other.  One of the areas of the business that I would like to highlight for '22 is probably ARPU, and with the momentum that we've seen in our updated guide just now to be relatively flat full-year '21 to full-year '22, I see a path with Magenta MAX and the excitement there from our customer base to be less than 1% dilution in '22. And remember, that's off of a higher base in 2021, which is now going to be flat to 2020. The other area, I'd say is really where we're excited is free cash flow.  And you see what's happening are continually raising our guide this year as you look into the 10-Q you also see it's allowed us to take opportunity and do significant prepayments with certain vendors and generate flexibility and savings. And that working capital is already fully contemplated in our updated guide today. So, as we think about '22, I'm very excited about the opportunity for free cash flow. And as Mike said, that really is the ultimate expression of value creation in how you take that service revenue and translate it into cash flow.
Peter Osvaldik: Absolutely. Brett. Let me -- as you know, right? Underpinned assumption under the LRP was 1% dilution year-over-year through the end of 2023 because the plan was really always focused on how do you get account growth and how do you expand those relationships and have ARPA growth. So, as we look forward to next year, there's a number of things that could impact, and certainly we talked about the great momentum from Magenta MAX and other value-add services that will be a tailwind to ARPU.  But as you think about some of the growth opportunity areas for you, and I'll give you one example which would be large enterprise in government, where our actual phone ARPU maybe lower than our blended base, and so you're going into a new account relationship and enterprise or government where that might be ARPU dilutive, but certainly a very strong ARPA type of relationship.  And typically, you also see a lot of the postpaid other, the other connected devices where in many cases, the CLV amongst those are much stronger than the phone business in and of itself. So that's one area where you could see ARPU dilution and yet tremendously value accretive to T-Mobile from a whole account relationship. So, I'm not going to give you all the puts and takes. You got to let you leave me something to guide you on at year-end earnings instead of Q3. But certainly, great momentum and again, focused on ARPA expansion throughout the course of this plan.
Peter Osvaldik: So, question on convergence is, we'll have to see. But one thing we do know is that consumers are beginning to realize that there are choices. And they aren't having to put up with what they get today. What we're seeing is that while there are a lot of places, there are very limited choices in terms of what their cable or fiber offering are, and those offerings are typically very punitive.  They start out with promotions, they explode those, they end up paying very, very high prices, fees for modems, the other taxes, other charges that customers don't like. What's translating for us in that is that we're seeing customers, the majority of our customers, are not only coming as Mike mentioned, from urban and suburban areas, but they're also coming from cable and fiber providers.  And why is that? Well, a big part of that is customers want a good product and a great price, and that's what they're getting with our products. And so, we're seeing people come in and say, this is a product that actually works. And you know what, I'm paying an amount that doesn't explode, I'm paying a very fair amount, and I don't have to be extremely irritated about having my existing cable companies gouge me on these things.  And so, for us, this has resulted in what we've seen is our highest net add quarter since we launched the product. And we see continued momentum from people coming from cable fiber. And quite frankly, even other sources, DSL, satellite, etc., and rural markets. So as our 5G ultra capacity network gets built, more and more, we're going to continue to follow that and begin giving more and more customers choice. We're still very excited about this product.
Peter Osvaldik: Yeah. Perfect. Well, as Mike talked about the beginning, let's not forget that the first big 5 -- killer 5G use case is core connectivity, smartphones, tablets, and other connected devices, and I'm really proud to say that we have seen our win rate continue to improve in that area, and our win rate is trending well above what our market share is, and continuing to improve like we saw in Q3.  And that's resulting in huge growth. If you just look at what's happened over the course of the last 2 years from 2020 to now, our growth in core connectivity is more than 50% better than Verizon 's. in the business space. So, we're seeing that the correlation of us as T-Mobile emerging as the 5G leader correlate with this big growth in core connectivity in business. But your question around these additional 5G use cases.  One of the things that we talked a little bit about in last earnings is we're involved in multiple trials with enterprise and government customers. And we think we're really well-positioned to bring these new enterprise advanced network services to market because of the way that we've delivered our 5G network. Mike has talked a lot about the scale of our network covering a 190 million people with our ultra -- our mid-band 5G network.  But we also have some other key features that we've built our 5G network around that are really positioning us well to differentiate on these 5G use cases, like the fact that we've got a dedicated 5G network core. So, our 5G traffic isn't running through our 4G network first. It's -- we have a dedicated network core that's delivering better performance for customer and customer applications. And also gives us the ability to bring really cool features to market like network slicing that we think is going to be a big opportunity for us with enterprise and government customers in the future.  We have a highly distributed network of data centers so we can help customers process data closer to their application on average than our competitors can. And so, we've got a number of these trials going with customers right now. And these are big, even though you don't see us doing press releases every single week about this, we have big customers with big significant use cases like for instance, we're working with one of the largest airlines in America right now on a mobile edge use-case application that allows them to process data faster, under-weighing, and improve their on-ground operations at one of their major hubs.  We're working with one of the largest U.S auto OEMs to help support a bunch of self-driving use cases and autonomous fleet that they're building. So, we're working with some of the biggest companies in the world helping co-innovate these solutions with them. And we think we're really well positioned because of the engineering decisions that Neville, and his team made to differentiate on these advanced 5G network use cases for our enterprise and business customers going forward.
Peter Osvaldik: -- I know you were thinking ahead to what happens post integration. And you've got to remember, we're delivering this SOGA while we're still expanding distribution and building the network around smaller markets in rural area. So, this is the SOGA that we're delivering before we're fully deployed the Un -carrier machine in 40% of the population. And when -- you heard Mike talk about just how differentiated that experience is going to be.  We're bringing everything that made us so successful to date, except doing it with a fully differentiated network experience that is just going to blow the other guy's away in that 100 million covered pops that is going to be a 4G, I don't know 5G experience relative to ultra capacity with T-Mobile, with all of the uncarrier goodness that comes from the last eight years bringing it there. So just that's another area as you look forward, as we bring this machine to that 40% of how it could impact SOGA.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, I know, thanks Mike. As Mike mentioned, we're seeing customers. One, we're seeing great uptake with the product. We're seeing customers use the product in several 100 gigs a month we also have many using many more and Neville's network is serving them just fine. We're -- what's great to see too is a lot of third-party recognition from like PC Magazine. And I think it's Readers’ Choice -- Awards. They rated us higher than all the other cable companies and we even this last quarter, we had a record high NPS that we track internally...  Customers seem to be liking this very much and we -- initially we, at the beginning of the year, we said we aspire to be at 500,000 customers by the end of the year, we're well on track to do that. On our way to 7 million to 8 million customers by 2025, which I think we remind everyone that's only a couple of percentage points of the overall industry. This really big opportunity for us is really just a small penetration into the industry and gives us lots of opportunities, so off to a great start. I mean, it's not surprising that there's a lot of delight out there and I hope we can keep that up.  I think we will be able to, it looks like the usage while it rises is not rising as fast as our capacity, but look, we're solving problems for these customers. that's why there's so satisfied, we are either solving the problem of giving them a real viable high-speed choice where there wasn't one, and boy that would -- that change your life, or coming into a place where you're so frustrated by cable, and you want a decent deal and a fair price and a Company that will put you first and treat you right, so you can unplug that code.
Peter Osvaldik: If you put that 35 gigs into context on Magenta MAX, that's three times the industry on what you're seeing in 4G LTE. It's just incredible in terms of the consumption on Magenta MAX when you compare with the industry's best in leading 5G network.  It certainly helps to put cable competition into perspective. As I talked about in my prepared remarks, you see "unlimited offers" that throttle you. We're not talking about prioritization if the network is busy, we are talking about you throttled after 20 gigs.  First of all, why are you calling that an unlimited plan. And second of all, that's a 4G plan in a 5G world. And with where we're going, I don't know where they go. I don't think that they're going to be able to have the owner's economics in wireless to truly compete on value on the wireless side. And I don't think that AT&T and Verizon have the wherewithal or the plans to compete with us on the quality of the 5G network that we're building. and so, we really like the hand of cards for that reason strategically.
Peter Osvaldik: we're going to be expanding our T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile products. Not [Indiscernible] we have expanded them into Walmart and across 2,300 stores on Walmart and a lot of those in smaller markets and rural areas, of course. And then also have launched T-Mobile and Best Buy across 900 stores. We're incredibly excited about this. I think when you look at what Walmart has done and what Best Buy has done in the pandemic and how they have completely revolutionized their particular companies. Walmart is the place to go shop in rural America. It is incredible what Walmart has done digital transformation and then when you look at Best Buy as a premier consumer electronics retailer across the U.S, those are attractive opportunities for us.
Peter Osvaldik: You've got to remember too is that we haven't really played in national retail in these large national retailers in a very long time. As matter of fact, just in the last quarter, we quadrupled with these announcements, our number of national retail locations. So, we see those as big opportunities for our Company to be in the customer basis of Walmart and in Best Buy and see significant switching opportunities in those spaces as well. So, we're very attracted to what Walmart is doing, what Best Buy is doing.  Clearly, they are attracted to the industry's best 5G network and all of the opportunity that our Company represents over the next several years. So, we're very bullish on that. I don't have numbers exactly by channel to give you in Q4 or the years beyond. But I'll just tell you that we're very bullish about these opportunities. We've got great strategic relationships with Walmart and Best Buy, we've been engaged in a lot of conversations over the last several months, and we're very excited about the future and very confident in our approach there.
