Mike Sievert: Okay. I'll start with the industry trends on nets, and maybe see if Jon Freier wants to add anything. And then Peter, I'll let you address the ARPU question. Some great news in there. Your question, John, kind of got to the answer in a certain way. We saw a lot of industry activity in Q1, particularly in the second half of the quarter that we think was driven economically by there being a lot of money in the economy, stimulus, tax refunds, et cetera. And our competitors think they suddenly got competitive in the second half of the quarter, and they were talking about their sudden momentum, I think they lost sight of that larger picture that there was probably a macroeconomic circumstance that was driving it. And we're really comfortable with that type of an environment when there's cash in the system and less -- environments of less switching and less going on, as you've seen over the past year and our strong performance, we've got a model that's very flexible. But that's at least -- was our read on it. And it's certainly continuing. Q1 is off to a strong start across the board. You heard some of that from our competitors as well. As it relates to looking forward, I'm very confident that we are, in many respects, a return to work company. Remember, we've talked all along that our model is one that relies on switching. And we believe switching will, in the macro sense through the year, will gain momentum. And it doesn't have to be every week and every month, but take it this way. The second half generally, we think will generate more production for us than the first half, just generally, because we'll see more switching and T-Mobile is always a beneficiary of switching. And that's about the economy getting back after it, people getting back into stores. And as we've all seen, that's starting to happen now. But we think more in the second half than the first half. As it relates to competitiveness of the brands and the offers and how we think it's looking out there, I'll turn to Jon, and then I'll turn to Peter on the ARPU question. 
Mike Sievert: And, Jonathan, I don't know if your question was getting at this, might be because our competitors are constantly filling everybody's ears about this, which is and what part of that is free lines? Is there free -- other free lines going on? And the answer is, yes, of course, always has been. And it's a small percentage of our total gross activations, though. And I love the fact that our competitors have decided to focus on this because if they think this is what's driving our success, God bless them. I hope that's what they actually think versus just what they're trying to position with you. But what Jon said is actual paying accounts, total account relationships were up and up big this quarter, 260,000 net new postpaid accounts. And in those accounts, what we saw is customers deepening their relationships with us. And one of the things we've always found at T-Mobile is that when we can give customers something they really value and we can grandfather them on that thing they really value. It's fantastic for churn. And as you know, we were the only sequential gainer in churn this quarter with a decreased churn versus prior quarter and again, the very best churn in the industry on the T-Mobile brands. So churn is a tailwind. And this is one of our tools, giving them something that they value, that they know if they leave, they're going to have to give up. And it's been a part of our game plan for a while. So anyway, I don't know if you were getting at that, but you gave me a chance to talk about it anyway.
Mike Sievert: You already know him so well. That's great. Terrific. Operator, you want to take the next one, please.
Mike Sievert: I mean, Phil, it sounds like you're shopping, you can go to our easy tool online and see if you're one of the 30 million households that now qualify.
Mike Sievert: And that's true on the smartphone side, too. We're seeing no supply issues and we're forecasting no supply issues on either network gear or smartphones. I think that's important for everybody to understand. And it kind of dovetails into your last question. As it relates to our CDMA sunset and upgrade of those customers, it's going really well. We're on track to do that on time as we've been communicating at the end of this year, beginning of next year. And a big piece we have to do is we have to migrate all the Sprint customers in order to get there and that's going really well as well. Last month, you saw in our 5G For All initiative, we announced a really awesome unprecedented offer, which is every single Metro and T-Mobile customer can bring any phone, I mean any old phone in to a T-Mobile store and upgrade to a 5G phone for free, totally free. And we're making the following commitment to Sprint customers which is every single customer will be transitioned to a compatible device, or have the opportunity to transition to a compatible device before this upgrade happens at the end of the year. And not one single customer will be asked to pay a penny more for a full 5G, 4G rate plan that's compatible with the future. And it's so important that we do this because the digital divide we've seen over the past year and a half is widening. And people who don't have access to the latest technology are at risk of falling behind. So we're full steam ahead on this transition. And we're going to make sure our responsibility is as it relates to our branded customers. And we're going to make sure that every single one of them has the opportunity to be ready for the benefits of this upgrade. And not one single customer will be asked to pay a penny more for their rate plan. So full steam ahead and on track.
Mike Sievert: And last one on lease devices, Peter, it's happening -- unfolding slightly differently than we had outlook. So maybe you can comment on that.
Mike Sievert: That's an eye opener. I mean, when you think about this offering that is available, essentially nationwide, for employers, they really can't get that anyplace else. For their employees not to have to be on an Un-secured Wi-Fi network, sharing the Wi-Fi with the kids to try to do their job. And that's something that we've all seen, what that experience is like over the last year. So that's a breakthrough. Hey, while we got you Mike one more and then we'll go back to the phones. For Jim Patterson, could you comment on the big announcement we made about Lumen and what we're doing, especially as it relates to distributed computing.
Mike Sievert: You see what happens, Jim, you asked Mike questions, and he starts to preannounce awesome stuff. So that's -- you're welcome. All right, operator. Let's go back to the phones.
Mike Sievert: Probably it hasn't been fueling much of our switching in the last year the way it's been a major contributor in prior years. So that's -- it's a fascinating point.
Mike Sievert: Ric, one of the things we said in our remarks at the beginning was that this build, which is synergy backed and ahead of schedule, will result in T-Mobile not just having the best 5G network, but the best network with the most coverage. And I think that's important to understand. That's our goal is the best overall network in this country with the most coverage, the most availability, and that that's such an unlock. And for customers, of course, they're just now -- just beginning to understand that this is where we're headed and for 5G, where we already are. And that's such a fantastic potential opportunity and potential tailwind for our business as we go-forward.
Mike Sievert: Well, first of all, Ric, I'm so flattered that you are quoting us on that, that makes -- that's awesome. Look, the people are asking, what are some of the use cases that will fuel 5G, especially as it relates to enterprise, but you could also say with consumer and of course, it's cloud. And you know, this notion that enterprises don't want to be buying and deploying assets, they want to have networking as a service, they want to have computing as a service. And that does raise very interesting prospects for our business as it relates to being able to ultimately serve enterprise customers with networking as a service. But even putting that aside, which is a fascinating area, that our business model will -- doesn't rely on yet, but that we won't be left behind on. The other issue is that customers, both consumers and businesses alike, as they rely on cloud are going to need very high-speed low latency network for that experience to be good. The more local your compute is, the less your network matters. And the more cloud your compute is, the more your network matters. And people are asking, will T-Mobile's 5G advantage matter as it relates to choice? Or will it be an advantage that customers don't care about our notice? Well, cloud is a differentiator there because the more enterprise customers and consumer applications rely on cloud, the more our network shines, and it really showcases a potential, again, tailwind for the future.
Mike Sievert: Well, Colby, first of all, thanks for the question. It's awesome. You're our last question of the day. Those are great questions. And if you have your pen out, we'll just give you the ARPU figures for the next four quarters. No, I'm just kidding. We're going to start with ARPU, because it's a great question. And then I'll come back to the competition piece. So, Peter.
Mike Sievert: And to your other question, it really goes to our whole philosophy and mentality. Some people who follow us closely, if you look at our track record on guidance, and then our actuals, would be forgiven for saying we're conservative. If you look at our actuals and our track record, and we don't feel conservative. We just feel like we're prudent. And we never know what we don't know. And this is a hyper competitive business. And so what we do is we give you guidance that covers what we think are the most reasonable outcomes. And yes, it may get more competitive this year. And if so, we will execute and perform and deliver on our ambitions yet again. We've been through this journey long enough. And we have a model that's flexible enough. And we have a set of assets and a hand of cards that’s strong enough that if this is a muted environment, we're good. If it's a hyper competitive environment, we're good. We're not going to bring about change like that. We like it how it is now. We think it's serving consumers incredibly well, thanks to the innovations that we bring. But if somebody else brings it, and they do stuff that totally changes things, we're ready. And if we have to be ready, you're hiring us to be ready and we give you guidance that showcases that we're ready. And that's why sometimes it appears conservative when really it's just prudent. And we'll see how this year unfolds. I certainly hope that we will be back next quarter with a beat and race. And that's certainly always our aspiration. And anyway, it's a great question to end on. I appreciate you. And I appreciate all of you. Thanks for tuning in for this. We're celebrating here at T-Mobile. This has been a fantastic start to what I certainly hope and expect will be a fantastic year. Thanks everybody for joining us.
Jon Freier: Yes, you bet. Thank you, Mike. Yes, we just continue to be very pleased with our position in the marketplace today. And like Mike said, the first part of the quarter was an interesting part of the quarter because we were coming out of Q4, when you look at the pandemic, the number of cases, hospitalizations, et cetera, et cetera. And then with the tax refund and stimulus money coming into the marketplace, we saw a really good uptick. But one of the big things that we saw too, is that we launched our Magenta MAX plan at the end of February. And what we saw with those two things was, one, really kind of an uptick in terms of the attractiveness of that particular rate plan in terms of people taking that rate plan. But also something that was really a great benefit in terms of people that really value an incredible network experience and value the very best rate plan that they can have in the market. We saw more people switching to T-Mobile during that particular time. So we love our position, we're incredibly confident, like Mike said. We expect to see the second half continue to accelerate and continue to improve. What you're seeing in the pandemic is really kind of a tale of two tales. One, there's some places that have kind of reopened, some other places like Texas and Florida, but there's other huge states like New York and California that are still in the process of reopening. And, of course, as you continue to see that, you will see the switching pool continue to expand. And when that happens, we're always a share taker. We love our position when the competition is at the highest. And Peter, I will turn to you.
Jon Freier: Yes. So two things here. As everybody knows, we really drive our postpaid phone net adds from two ways. One, from the new accounts that we create from switching from our competitors, and two, deepening our existing customer relationships that we have today. So we saw both of those things in action in a very big way in Q1. First of all, our number of new accounts doubled from Q4, which is just fantastic news and shows you the momentum that's happening in terms of the switching to T-Mobile. And then, two, we had an opportunity to really deepen relationships as well with our existing customer base. One of the things to just to remember is that traditionally our Sprint branded customers, they typically have the lowest number of lines on a per account basis. So we have more opportunity to really deepen our relationships and grow there as well. So we've had a lot of interactions with our existing customers, allowing us to really grow the accounts. And then of course, typically what you see in the tax refund and kind of a stimulus event is a lot of people that are looking to grow their relationship with us. So, we love our approach on both of those and we want to continue to take that forward into Q2 and beyond.
Jon Freier: Yes. I mean, I think you hit it Peter. When you're thinking about large enterprise, both have the dynamics of a single enterprise having really large scaled wireless deployments. And honestly, with a lot of those companies, we already have presence, and we've had presence for a long time, our role has just changed. You heard us talk about this at Analyst Day. Historically, our role was a little bit of a stocking course to create price pressure for AT&T and Verizon. And what you've seen, particularly recently with our growth, is there more and more choosing us, and we're displacing the incumbents for their wireless projects. And so a lot of our growth has come from customers that had technically been customers of ours before, but we're just majorly deepening our relationship with them.
Jon Freier: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is, yes, we just really love our early retention rates of our prepaid customers on Metro by T-Mobile as well. This is something that we are seeing that's a little bit different from our offer construct, compensation construct, etcetera. We're seeing improving early survival rates of our new accounts that we acquire through our Metro by T-Mobile brand and product. So we're seeing that which is fantastic news. And then like, Mike said just a few moments ago, we're going to be able to have Metro by T-Mobile and T-Mobile, all within our T-Mobile stores and smaller markets in rural areas, because it would be extraordinarily inefficient for us to put a T-Mobile store. And then right across the street, put a Metro by T-Mobile store. And like Mike said, Metro by T-Mobile and T-Mobile they have met. So in smaller markets in rural areas, you should be able to go to one store and be able to get anything and everything that T-Mobile has to offer. So we're looking forward to that as well.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, a couple things. And I think you had a question on the Sprint base. And it's the majority of Sprint customers that we migrated. And this again, was part of the plan there and as we highlighted in Analyst Day. But there's another element here that's so exciting and Jon just talked about it a little bit. And that is Magenta MAX, which really does two things. One, it demonstrates the power and the capabilities of this 5G network. Mike talked about the usage profile of these customers. And frankly, the take rate has just been amazing, right, great momentum coming off of Magenta MAX. And it does a second thing. It shows you, as Jon mentioned, that there are premium customers that are attracted to this premium network as the perception continues to improve and understanding in the consumer base continues to evolve around just what it is that Neville and team are building. So those are the things that really allow us to get optimism around ARPU for the remainder of the year. And not only ARPU, but remember that the plan here and the growth strategy to unlock all this massive free cash flow is predicated on ARPA growth. And we're equally as excited about ARPA, which we expect to grow during the course of the year as well.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Let me start. Great questions. So let me start with EBITDA. And I guess it's the story of what have you done for me lately. But remember, at year-end, we definitely talked about all of the initiatives and the investments that we'll be making this year to unlock what we shared with you at Analyst Day. That massive expansion both of core EBITDA, but of free cash flow. And that really begins in Q2. You saw a lot of the initiatives that we put out there, WFX, what we're going to do from a T-Mobile for business investment, smaller town and rural hometown experts to distribution expansion in those areas. Those are investments that are really beginning in Q2. So that's an element of what I would think about from Q1 that doesn't continue into Q2, right, as you're trying to create the run rate because we're making those investments. But I'll tell you, what. From a year, where we're thinking about the investments that lead to the free cash flow targets that we shared with you at Analyst Day, I'll take it, right? It's significant year-over-year growth on a pro forma basis, even before you consider the fact that last year had significant COVID costs that were out of core EBITDA that have become part of the run rate of the business. So I couldn't be more excited about the trajectory, the continued profitable growth in Q1, already being able to meaningfully increase guidance for you. And all the while making those significant investments for the unlock of that promised free cash flow.
Peter Osvaldik: Why don't I start and then, Jon, you can add on as well Mike Katz. But, yes, it's an interesting perspective. And it really is going to depend, I think on the mix of each quarter. You talk -- you heard Mike Katz talk about the success of TFP, right? And particularly as you go into the underpenetrated large enterprise market, you could see -- it could be one account, but have many lines associated with a little bit different dynamic than consumer. I think, as you see, some of the penetration happened in smaller town or rural, yes, absolutely that could happen. But don't forget, we're always going to continue to invest in our existing subscriber base, and particularly as we continue on this journey of worst-to-first in the Sprint churn as well. So it's going to be a mixture. But, yes, there's definitely correctness in that thesis, particularly in smaller town and rural. I don’t know, Jon, or Mike, if you have anything to add to that.
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, well, Mike, really the plan is the same as we laid out at Analyst Day where it's really bringing customers onto the T-Mobile value proposition. And when you think about that mid-term timeframe, the goal was really to get lease revenues down to $1.5 billion and ultimately to be below $1 billion by the long-term targets that we put out there. And it's giving everybody that -- again, the T-Mobile value proposition, all new originations are practically on EIP and taking away the irritant. So there's definitely incentives. We're talking about it with Sprint customers, but it's also on their terms, right to make it be something that isn't an irritant and a churn creator, but to quickly migrate them on to all the goodness that the T-Mobile value proposition has.
Peter Osvaldik: Hey, Bill, good to hear from you. With WFX the reception that we've seen so far has been great and kind of exactly what we expected. One of the first things that we've seen is we expected that bringing a new set of business services to market would enable us to have another dimension in which to facilitate conversations with enterprise and government buyers. And we've absolutely seen that so far. And we've begun the testing process across all the products in there. But to kind of get to the second part of your question. One of the really big pieces of the reception that we've seen is one of the things that's been so appealing about what we launched, particularly the home office internet product, is the fact that it's nationwide. And as businesses are starting to do their planning for a mixed work environment where some employees are going to be in the office and some are going to be remote including in their home, having a single nationwide solution and solutions to help facilitate this mixed work environment has been particularly important for them. And we think that's one of the most exciting things about what we did, particularly with that home office internet product is give a single nationwide broadband solution to enterprise, something that they really can't get anywhere else. So it's going great so far, and I look forward to keeping …
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, no. 1Q versus playing the rest of the year, it's actually both right. It's more momentum in terms of integration and that's why we have the synergy race. But it's also what we're seeing in terms of, of course, customer and the momentum in the business and ARPU that we talked about Magenta MAX. So it's a combination of both that allowed us to update guidance for the remainder of the year, roaming and travel, I would say, I don't know, it's hard to really know. But I will tell you, there's probably no better provider as you start thinking about travel opening back up, roaming opening up when you think about mobile without borders, when you think about what we offer to our consumers in terms of international roaming. The capabilities if you go to Europe or other countries, I would say there's no other provider, that's better. So maybe more and more consumers will see.
Peter Osvaldik: On Sprint churn, I think saying, are we cutting in half? Are we updating the plan? I think we talked a little bit earlier. As we see the country reopening on a more nationwide basis, Jon, spoke to the fact that it's a little bit different than different parts of the region. We do see and anticipate switching to increase. So it's hard to know whether today's level and what we saw in Q1 is really representative or whether some of that switching which again, as the share taker is a real positive for us will impact until we go through the totality of that playbook of bringing them from worst-to-first. So a little bit wait and see there, but really, really pleased with the progress that we're seeing. And on Verizon and TracFone certainly for '21, not I can't speak to when they're going to close other than what they say in terms of external views. But in Analyst Day, we did say that we do assume TracFone, which is roughly about $750 million of high margin service revenue to us would go over a way over the period and likely by the midterm.
Peter Osvaldik: All right. Certainly. And also how much we baked into EBITDA for promos by quarter, I think all that would be great.
Peter Osvaldik: No, they’re excellent questions. No, it's not necessarily linear. There's obviously seasonality. There's promotional aspects. There's other things, there's when investments come, how much of a mix from T-Mobile for business or consumer, but it is a low watermark in Q1, and the rest of the year will be higher than that, but not necessarily linearly increasing.
Michael Katz: Yes. Hey, Phil (sic) [Craig]. Great question. I think one of the things that you probably know is, in this space when you're talking about businesses and government agencies, sales and activations tend to be a little bit of a lagging indicator because the sales cycles are long, particularly when you're talking about big, complex, multinational enterprise and large government agencies. So, Mike, at the top mentioned that we had one of the best quarters that we've seen today in T-Mobile for business phone nets. And that really -- that success this quarter really is accumulation of successes from many previous quarters as this team has leveraged this network advantage that's been building, which really started as we got to parity in the 4G area allowed us to really engage with enterprises in a way that we hadn't build those funnels up and start accruing successes like we did in Q1. And what's happened over the course of this last year is we've been able to take now a differentiated network asset, which by the way, network is the key variable that the companies that we're dealing with make their wireless decisions on and really start stacking that funnel with new opportunities. New opportunities that include both companies that we haven't engaged with before and existing companies that we're able to go a lot deeper with. So when I look at our business today, coming off a great Q1, and I look at the funnel, the funnel is in the best place that it's ever been both in the public and private sector and it really gives me confidence of sustained success throughout the year as well as setting us up for success over the next couple of years.
Michael Katz: Not really, but I will say up significantly both on a sequential and a year-over-year basis. And I would say generally better than what you've seen from competitors.
Michael Katz: Then I would just finish up and say, yes, we are definitely excited about our smaller markets and rural opportunity. And like we talked about at Analyst Day almost 2 months ago, that's 40% of the entire geographic market in the country. And we've got a market share of about in the low teens, and we're trying to get that to -- we will get that to nearly 20% over the next few years. That's for sure. And so like you said, Brett, that that's got a huge opportunity for new accounts, of course, definitely. But just remember one of the things that I said earlier, too, that when you look at our Sprint branded base, that we are going to be migrating more and more to our T-Mobile base that traditionally has had some of the least penetrated number of lines on a per account basis. So there's still big opportunities for us to deepen our relationships with the customers that we acquired through the Sprint transaction back in April of last year. So net of those two things, sure, there's ARPU opportunities for us in new accounts, but there's also ARPA opportunities for us as well as we deepen our existing relationships.
Michael Katz: Yes, really excited about it. And I think the Lumen team is excited too, because as they think about bringing Edge Compute solutions to market, what was important to Lumen, and particularly to the customers that they're looking to bring the solution to is a big distributed, powerful 5G network. And as you heard from Mike, and you heard from Neville earlier, nobody's got a bigger, nobody's got a more powerful nationwide 5G network to bring these true mobile Edge Compute solutions to market. So we're really excited about it and the Lumen team is really excited about it as well. We've already begun engagements with customers. So we're working on some use cases. I expect to have something to talk about that later in the year when those come into market. And we think there's a lot of exciting potential there to really help enterprises transform parts of their business and bring new services to their customers. So more to come on that one.
