Roger D. Linquist: Thank you, Jim. I want to make a few comments before Tom and Braxton walk you through operational and financial results. For a few years now, the wireless experience has been evolving. With the move towards high-capacity broadband networks and smartphones, the main focus for many wireless subscribers is easy access to high-speed wireless data and more diverse set of data applications. In 2009, we foresaw this dramatic shift in consumer demand and we stepped out to build the First Commercial 4G LTE network in the U.S. We then worked fully to leverage our capabilities afforded by our high-speed 4G LTE network through the launch of 4G LTE For All. Now early in 2013, and less than 6 months into our 4G LTE For All initiative, I can already see that subscribers enjoy superior experience on their 4G LTE smartphones. A tremendous change has occurred in wireless during the past couple of years, more than in the prior decade. Wireless providers around the world are building networks around 4G LTE technology. With this worldwide adoption of 4G LTE touchscreen smartphones, prices have started to climb as volumes have increased. We anticipate these price trends will accelerate in the future and our subscribers will ultimately reap the benefit. During 2012, we transformed our company to be the leading pay in advance, no annual contract provider of 4G LTE service. We began 2012 with just over 310,000 subscribers utilizing 4G LTE. Throughout 2012, we introduced a number of 4G LTE smartphones at lower price points. And with our legacy of industry disrupting service plans, we introduced 4G LTE For All in September of 2012. We also introduced Rich Communication Services with a joyn client, which is now just emerging in Europe as a premiere service delivery platform. With a high-speed 4G LTE network and differentiated services, we can distance ourselves from MVNOs and other prepaid providers. I am pleased to report that we ended this year with over 2.2 million subscribers on 4G LTE service or 26% of the total subscriber base, all enjoying higher speed and more robust services. As the date of this call, I am very pleased to announce that we have over 3 million subscribers of 4G LTE, a remarkable achievement, in effectively, the previous 6 months. Looking to the future, our proposed business combination with T-Mobile allows us to create a leading value carrier in the U.S. with a spectrum to provide us with a clear path towards a nationwide 4G LTE network. This superior spectrum-ization eventually reaches 20x20 megahertz in 90% of the top 25 major metropolitan areas, and is the platform for future growth. We filed our definitive proxy on February 25, 2013, and we have set our meeting date for March 28, 2013. Currently, we anticipate closing the transaction in early April. Post-closing, the combined company will possess much greater spectrum depth. In MetroPCS coverage areas, prior to the combination, we had an average of 22 megahertz in our metropolitan areas. Following this combination, through the addition of T-Mobile spectrum, our metropolitan areas will have an average depth of over 80 megahertz. With an increased spectrum, our wireless subscribers will enjoy a superb wireless experience. Also, after combining the companies, we will eventually be able to offer a seamless nationwide 4G LTE coverage. Additionally, with nationwide coverage utilizing the T-Mobile network, we can expand the MetroPCS pay in advance platform into many new major metropolitan areas. Clearly, the combined company will be a value leader within the fastest-growing part of the wireless industry. Synergies. We believe this combination will deliver $5 billion to $6 billion of network synergies and approximately $1 billion in nonnetwork synergies. With a total of $6 billion to $7 billion in estimated synergies, we are very excited about the ability to create substantial shareholder value. We continue to be enthusiastic about the combination and look forward to the shareholder vote in closing. Post closing, we believe MetroPCS legacy of being the best deal in town, combined with T-Mobile's challenger initiative, will prove to be very attractive for wireless customer throughout the U.S. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Roger D. Linquist: Brett, let me try to deal with what I think is a very important question is, structurally, is there a significant shift in the growth of -- or a decline in the growth of pay in advance, prepaid, no contract as a general category. I think from our own experience, I think it would be an improper indicator because, as we have said since the second quarter earnings call, that we have shifted very substantially away from the growth, shall we say, posture, to driving free cash flow and EBITDA, and that really brought about a very significant reduction in promotion and advertising expense. So over the second and third quarter and carrying in even into the fourth quarter, we took the recent judgment that -- stop trying to grow on a technology that we're phasing out until we can get handsets that were in the economic region of what we could sell and what we could support in terms of subsidies, we really backed off the throttle. So I think our story is probably not a good one to gauge the future performance of the no contract area, and again, this late start this year that everybody has been talking about due to the tax refunds. And we are seeing momentum now and so I think the 2012, in general, was -- we were not a good marker for what would take place in the no contract business.
Roger D. Linquist: Yes, I think this is a great opportunity to highlight the fact that back in '09, it was a fairly daring investment for us as a company to provide the first 4G LTE network activations in the U.S. But the fact is that the speed and the performance, and now the service that I mentioned, the Rich Communication Services or RCS, with a joyn client, that's going to be another tremendous attribute for us, so we see the momentum. We reported on our LTE churn. You see the growth. We're over or roughly 35% of our subscriber base now in LTE, which one might say that we've gone over the 50% mark because realistically, there will always be some feature phones and 1x-type phones in the hands of our customers. So we've had this tremendous change, and I think that's really been the, shall we say, the credibility of what we started on some years ago. And the joyn client will allow our customers to get access to what now is over the top type downloads straight from their -- from an icon and immediately go from one phone to another or a tablet or any other device, so I think we're -- the technology is evolving. I think the other party you referenced does not really have a full commitment to the kind of broadband services that we've made a commitment to, and we will continue as we make the transition into this business combination.
Roger D. Linquist: Well, let me take a crack at that and say that our testing and operation, because we now have VoLTE devices, and we're offering that service in selected markets as we roll it out, the voice quality that we're finding is exceptional. We had some concerns early on about voice quality on the Internet Protocol, but it's proving to be better on loss scores than what we're seeing on the average, I might add, in the CDMA network. So I think for the clients that we have now, we're very encouraged by going forward. All our new handsets are VoLTE-capable. And as of, I believe, it's last month, we had roughly 0.5 dozen markets operational on VoLTE. We're being cautious in this regard because we want to make sure that we have the same coverage on LTE as we do on CDMA, but we're very encouraged and it will be the technology, going forward, we believe, in LTE.
Roger D. Linquist: Yes, and just to add something to that is that the 4G speeds that we'll be talking about will be in the 5 to 10 megabit range, and that is almost an order of magnitude above what you can get on average in your 3G. So I think there's going to be perception there. There's a latency, shall we say, a bonus that comes with 4G LTE, very low latency for gaming, quick reaction time, and the RCS will be an overlay on all these 4G networks in the next couple of years. That will allow the services I've indicated just a few minutes ago. So I think there's going to be a significant differentiation between 3G and 4G. So just peddling, if you will, 3G networks, excess capacity, tossing off in the no-contract world will -- could very well be a, shall we say, an industry strategy, but there will be a significant difference in the service perception with subscribers.
Thomas C. Keys: Thank you, Roger. Good morning, everyone. On this morning's call, I will talk about our fourth quarter and year end 2012 results, our 4G LTE transformation and how we are approaching our pending business combination with T-Mobile. During 2012, while preparing for our 4G LTE initiatives, our primary focus was on generating adjusted EBITDA and cash flow over customer growth. In September of 2012, we introduced our 4G LTE For All campaign. At the end of this year, we're about 4 months into our major transformation. During the fourth quarter, we are pleased with the interest our subscribers showed towards 4G LTE and their subsequent migration towards these services. We ended 2011 with approximately 3% of subscribers on a 4G LTE plan. By the end of 2012, coinciding with our launch of 4G For All, we saw a dramatic increase in 4G LTE penetration. We ended 2012 with over 2.2 million subscribers on our 4G LTE plan, or 26% of total subscribers. While total gross additions declined on a year-over-year basis, due primarily to a de-emphasis on CDMA growth, interest in 4G LTE remained strong and 57% of all gross additions during the quarter were 4G LTE smartphones. Upgrades in the fourth quarter totaled 14% of the base and approximately 78% of upgrades were to a 4G LTE handset. During the quarter, approximately 73% of total handsets sold were smartphones and approximately 55% of total subscribers were on a smartphone plan at the end of the fourth quarter. Family plan penetration at the end of the quarter was approximately 37%. We are pleased with the momentum of the migration of the base to 4G LTE thus far. It's important to realize that we are only 4 months into this transformation and subscriber acceptance to our offer has been strong and steady. Looking at the bigger picture. This continued focus on migrating subscribers to 4G LTE will allow a combined MetroPCS T-Mobile to have a higher percentage of the base using an LTE network, which in turn, reduces the total amount of CDMA users that will need to migrate off the network during the next 24 months. We continued to see an improved churn profile from our 4G LTE subscribers as on average, 4G LTE churn has been at least 100 basis points lower than consolidated churn. Currently, 4G LTE subscribers total over 3 million, representing over 34% of our subscriber base. Going forward, our focus will continue to be on the transformation of the business to 4G LTE, ensuring that we provide our subscribers with a quality network experience and supporting our distribution partners as we reach out in the market with our new we have it messaging campaign. We are dedicated towards exceeding customer expectations and are pleased to have been recognized -- excuse me, by J.D. Power as being ranked #1 for 2013 in the entire U.S. prepaid wireless segment and delivering an outstanding customer care experience. In the first quarter, we introduced simplified 4G LTE service plans, which offers subscribers unlimited talk, text and 4G LTE data speeds for $60 per month. Our subscribers continue to demand cutting-edge handsets, and we currently offer 10 different 4G LTE smartphones. As we move further along into 2013, we are looking forward to completing the business combination with T-Mobile. Once completed, the opportunities presented with this business combination will allow our distribution partners the ability to grow as we open up new greenfield metropolitan areas previously unavailable to MetroPCS. Over time, we will be in a position to sell services on our larger and faster network. When the migration to the T-Mobile network happens, opportunities such as BYOD, Bring Your Own Device, become a reality and a tremendous advantage for our distribution partners. New devices, a faster network experience, advertising and branding scale, coupled with new market expansion, are just a few of the combination benefits awaiting our distribution partners in 2013. Now I'll turn the call over to Braxton.
Thomas C. Keys: Yes. I would say that probably 2 to 3 weeks late than last year. I think right now, we're in full swing, so I think it's consistent with what you've heard from everybody else, absolutely.
Thomas C. Keys: Touching on the second point, the mixture between upgrades and new grosses, we don't break that out at this point in time. As we mentioned, it's still relatively early in the tax season, but we have seen customers liking our new messaging campaign, we have it. It's a simplified approach. We certainly think that what we've done for the quarter-to-date on LTE is really exciting. We have new handset devices, but I also want to point out that in changing our rate structure, we've done away with our promotional rate plan of $30, which is important. We're now on a $40, $50, $60 structure. So for everything we get, either new customer or upgrade, it's accretive to ARPU in the long-term.
Thomas C. Keys: Brett, I'll take this one quickly and I think Roger might have a comment as well. The price difference between GSM-based devices and CDMA devices will certainly benefit us in the long run. The other exciting thing is really the opportunity as we expand into new markets and our own original 15 markets, is the opportunity for Bring Your Own Device. We've never had the ability to do that before. We've always had to walk away if somebody wanted to use a GSM device in our retail opportunity. So this is really exciting for us. We've done some investigation that way, and we think that's a really big upside for us going forward.
Thomas C. Keys: Matt, I think this one is kind of easy and simple. Today, we don't. As of April 2 or so, we probably will. We're in some HSR territory that we can't talk about certain things with the companies in terms of competitive stances. So today, we're competitors. It's just what we have to do. We have to battle each other in the marketplace. Once we come together and we have an opportunity to really think through the strategy, then I think we have another opportunity to rationalize accordingly. But today, all I can tell you is that we're out there scrapping. We're fighting it. It's how it has to be.
Thomas C. Keys: Let me take this from a different perspective. I think what we see is that all segments demand speed, regardless of your economics. The question is how much dependency this one person have on the device, and what we're finding in the value segment, everybody wants speed, but there's not an education loop that's the same as it is in postpaid. So we have to educate our customers as to where to find the value, where to put the handsets, and then what the speed means for them. It's an ongoing educational effort, but you take our experience with the GS3, as an example. We've sold more of those probably 4x to 5x more than we ever anticipated with a price of $400 to $500 to a consumer in a value segment where people really want devices that give them multiple utilities in home, at home broadband. So I think it's an educational loop that as we get more providers providing 4G LTE in prepaid, I think you'll see more activity in that space going forward.
Thomas C. Keys: David, I'll try to take the first part of it. We had a lot of success on our 1X Android platform. It was our first experience into what we'll call big data. But if you go back about 2 years, we were pretty transparent that we did have some network issues that came from there. We saw a little bit of higher churn because we were finding some dissatisfied customers with speed. So we were really excited as we move to 4G LTE, and that base has been upgrading steadily with us. The 1x customer has realized that there's a handset that has an affordable device so that's been a good experience of us to build a farm team initially. When we look at a competitors' network and what they might do on other legacy 3G devices, I think it really does come down to where your distribution is and what the distribution intimacy is in terms of how you're going to get new customers and how you're going to compete. As Roger mentioned, competing against MVNO is as interesting, but historically, we've seen different sine waves of activity come from that segment. So we think that our distribution is in the place it needs to be, and we're finding even with a lower demographic, the value segment that we've been labeled as, that segment wants high-speed. So the question of 4G versus 3G legacy networks, I think it's all going to be in the value that the customer perceives and how you present that value. It's going to be competitive, no doubt, but there's plenty of opportunity for us.
J. Braxton Carter: Bill, it was fully interesting looking a little bit at the upgrade rate for the fourth quarter. It came in at 14% of the base compared to 13% of the base in the fourth quarter of 2011, so it was up slightly. Some of our initial estimates were higher from an upgrades standpoint. What was really interesting with the phenomenon that we saw here was a rapid acceleration in upgrades throughout the fourth quarter. In December, we saw an incredible amount of upgrades, and we do expect that trend to continue into at least the -- at historical upgrade rates for the first quarter. If you go back to our messaging earlier in the year, we always said that the 4G LTE For All initiative, the first wave of it would really be upgrades. The fourth quarter was extremely successful in that regard where we increased our LTE subscribers 117% to 26% of the base, which was, as Roger said, a remarkable achievement, one of the fastest transitions of technology, we believe, in the history of wireless. We do expect that acceleration to continue into the first quarter. As Tom mentioned, over 75% of our upgrades were 4G LTE. From a gross adds standpoint, over 57% of our mix was 4G LTE. The subsidy related to 4G LTE handsets is higher than the CDMA handsets, which really drove the balance of the increase in retention expense and CPU. Remember, we said it was $5.62 in the fourth quarter of '12 versus $4.36 in the fourth quarter of '11. We would expect that, that differential would continue into the first quarter, but all in all, we're very, very pleased with what we're seeing. We're rapidly migrating our pace to a service that customers demand, and as we mentioned, we have a prepaid churn on 4G LTE that's lower than some carriers' postpaid churn, so we're very pleased with the momentum that we're seeing.
J. Braxton Carter: I'll take the first question. The trajectory of the combined company, I think, is very, very exciting. You go back and you look at the guidance that has been put out, we're looking at top line growth for NewCo over a 5-year period at a 3% to 5% CAGR. And as has been communicated multiple times since the announcement of the transaction, there's multiple components in that, the first component really being the stabilization of the postpaid part of the business. And with very significant enhancements to T-Mobile and NewCo, the Apple products, a very significant investment in network modernization and the "Un-Carrier" Strategy that John Legere has talked about with a great amount of enthusiasm. We're all very, very excited about the prospects there, and we're highly confident that the postpaid part of the business will stabilize during the year and will be back into positive territory 2014 on. When we look at the CAGRs, we assume very small growth in postpaid for years after 2013, very, very modest, and I think that's just really a reflection of the overall saturation of the environment, and we think that there's tremendous opportunity on the prepaid side of the business. T-Mobile's done an excellent job of positioning their prepaid platform during the year. And you've got to remember, the net loss situation at MetroPCS was absolutely deliberate from a strategic standpoint. We saw no wisdom whatsoever in pursuing CDMA growth when we've invested over $1 billion dollars in the 4G LTE network, and we knew more affordable 4G LTE handsets were coming. You can look at the churn differential relating to CDMA customers versus 4G LTE customers as a major part of that rationale. I mean, it certainly has proven the theory under which we executed during the year. Going forward, there will be 4G products. So absolutely, we're looking at more aggressive growth coming out of the MetroPCS platform, as well as the T-Mobile platform from a prepaid standpoint. We also have the opportunity to significantly expand the MetroPCS brand into other geographical locations in the U.S., leveraging existing T-Mobile infrastructure that's already in place. So without having to invest an incremental spectrum or incremental network, we're looking at a highly accretive growth expansion strategy relating to the Metro brand. So all in all, we think that the growth story, going forward, for NewCo is going to be very exciting and positions MetroPCS and T-Mobile in a much better place than either company would be on a standalone basis.
J. Braxton Carter: I think we're definitely going to have to quantify the impact of -- in the expansion relating to the Metro model, because that will create some upfront investment. That is certainly fully embedded in the guidance that we've given and in the CAGRs that we've given, but I think that's just good disclosure.
J. Braxton Carter: Matt, John Legere has really talked several times publicly about a full continuum of product offerings that are all complementary to each other and positioned in specific demographics and specific market segments in the markets and really having a full line up, including tablets, more business-to-business. So the flanker brand strategy leaving Metro really fits nicely into that whole continuum of product offering that John has talked about. So stay tuned, more to come. As Tom said, collaboration from a marketing standpoint is very difficult at this stage in the transaction, but obviously, there's a lot of thought being given independently between the 2 teams on this.
J. Braxton Carter: Yes, Rick, I think that there definitely has to be some more investor education relating to the value plan, and we're certainly committed to putting transparency and to making sure people fully understand that going forward, so definitely stay tuned.
J. Braxton Carter: Mike, I think he also brought up a very good point on the Lifeline. It's been highly reported that there's been a tremendous amount of abuse in that program, astronomical growth of nonqualified people using it. And with the crackdown that's happened, there's certainly a fairly significant churn relating to that product as that program gets rationalized.
J. Braxton Carter: Sure, and Jonathan, there really hasn't been any changes to the forecast that were in the proxy. Those numbers for the first 3 years are exactly that has been what has been in there since we've been filing it. The change that we made was adding an additional 2 years worth of disclosure to match the period that the DCF has been off of with terminable collateral year 5. You'll see that the changes are fairly modest. It's judgmental changes, really putting a tad bit more conservatism in the overall plan, for years 2014 and subsequent. For the year 2013, as we disclosed in the proxy, there's a $250 million non-reoccurring investment that is a onetime distortion of the EBITDA impact for T-Mobile and it's not reflective of the ongoing run rate. And that specifically relates to the Apple products that's been disclosed at the Deutsche Telekom Capital Markets Day in Germany back in December. And it was also disclosed that the characteristics of the launch of the Apple products for 2014 on are EBITDA, operating free cash flow positive. There is another $200 million adjustment in 2013 that really related to the overall perception that there was upside to the forecast that were given, I mean, that was based upon the data at that point. But we do think that there's tremendous opportunity with NewCo and the benefits to both companies of the combination and the significant investments that each has done in 4G technologies are really going to reap some dividends.
J. Braxton Carter: David, and I think that's a huge point. Early on with CDMA smartphones, 4G networks have not been deployed, and consumers now understand the power of 4G, and it substantially enhances the smartphone experience. So the key to taking share in the prepaid segment will be having competitive technology and competitive services to really mine that underbelly of the postpaid segment. So we think it's absolutely critical and a huge differentiator that we have today, and that NewCo actually enhances with what will ultimately do more than 20x20 LTE platform, which will provide substantial benefits. As to your question about the shareholders, I think that we did a very good job in the proxy outlining a multi-year process that we went through and the search for spectrum for positioning our company for the future and in the evaluation of all of the strategic alternatives that were on the table. And as we've said multiple times, management and the board is extremely confident that this is the right transaction at the right time, and both MetroPCS and T-Mobile will be a much stronger combined entity versus on a standalone basis. We will certainly be doing a lot of communication relating to that. And when you really look at the merits of this combination and when all the facts are on the table, yes, we're highly confident that the shareholders will support this merger.
