Nils Paellmann - T: Thank you. Welcome to T-Mobile's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings call. With me today are John Legere, our President and CEO; Braxton Carter, our CFO; and other members of the senior leadership team. Let me read the disclaimer. During this call, we will make projections and statements about the future performance of the company, which are based on current expectations and assumptions. Our Form 10-K filed this morning includes risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Reconciliations between GAAP and the non-GAAP results we discuss on this call can be found on the Investor Relations page of our website. With that, let me turn it over to John Legere.
Nils Paellmann - T: And as we go to the next question, operator, I'm going to grab one on the way in, and it jumps on what Neville was saying. On the coming in on Twitter, Walt Piecyk had a question associated, will the store growth be linear across the year? And I just want to amplify what Braxton was talking about. We added 1,400 stores last year. 1,000 on the Metro side, 400 on Magenta side. We're going to add 2,500 this year, a 1,000 Magenta, 1,500 and they are very first six-month loaded. And so they're not linear, they're very aggressively in the first half of the year, especially on the Magenta side. So with that, operator, we'll take the next question, which may even be from the same person.
Nils Paellmann - T: Well, thanks everyone for tuning in. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. And again, a happy Valentine's Day.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah, John. What a journey that we've been on over the last four years to the point where we're giving this type of future free cash flow guidance with a great deal of confidence. So couple additional points to make. First of all, this embraces expectation for very significant growth of T-Mobile over the next three years. It also includes all anticipated debt issuances associated with anything that's on the horizon that we're planning on in connection with the business. And that's very, very strong and like all guidance we've put out, we've not missed or exceeded guidance since we started this journey four years ago. And we have no intention of not beating or meeting guidance in the future. But with that said, what do we do with this cash generation? The first thing that we'll do is continue to maintain the strongest balance sheet in the industry, even the duopoly given the serial acquisitions and what they're doing, are at extreme levels of historic leverage and the Sprint comparison isn't even a comparison, but having a strong balance sheet and the financial flexibility to look at strategic options in the future is extremely important to us. So that will be the first use. The second use, we'll have to wait and see what inorganic opportunities are ahead of us. 5G spectrum is reality, we already own a lot, Neville will talk about that. But there will be other important government auctions in the future and potentially some private party transactions. And finally, we would absolutely prefer to reinvest in our business for the highest IRR and return to shareholders, but at some point with this type of cash flow generation, albeit medium term, we would look at returning cash to shareholders.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah. I think that the capitalization policy of three times to four times we think is more of an optimal range, because some leverage is absolutely good for the equity. However, there'll be times when we flex to the higher end of the range for a short time period and there'll be times when we are below that range, potentially anticipating other things that happen in the future. The great thing about T-Mobile is with the significant momentum that we have and expect to continue with our network and our strong innovation, will definitely provide a significant growth platform and the organic deleveraging we have will be significant and rapid as compared to the competitors.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think, first and foremost, you know our playbook on the guidance, we think it is not prudent to get out there too aggressive for the year. And as we demonstrate growth as a quarter-to-quarter basis, as warranted we adjust our growth guidance. Obviously, our business has tremendous momentum, we're the innovator driving all change in the industry, and we won't stop with that. We have some very, very interesting innovation and plans for the future. And with the value proposition that we have in place, we're highly confident of significant continued growth, all at the same time where you're seeing significant drops in the ARPU and service revenues with all the other major carriers in the industry. And we talk quite a bit with Un-carrier Next that our view on ARPU is generally stable on a year-over-year basis, which is really important with all the fears of irrational pricing, again you look at the macro environment and it's really not conducive to complete your rationality, and you look closely at a lot of these promotions or temporary offers in the market, that's just what they are. But this ARPU stability as well as our customer growth gives us a great deal of confidence that service revenues are going to continue to expand significantly. And let me just start a little bit on the device lifecycle, and I'll turn it over to Mike Sievert. We believe that the churn equation definitely is somewhat correlated to the launch of new iconic generations. And in periods where you don't have that, you're certainly going to see lower overall switching in the category. In periods where you do see that, you've historically seen more switching, which is a net-net opportunity for T-Mobile. But more importantly, we are the innovator in the industry and the more we innovate, the more we'll drive switching. And with that, I'll hand it over to Mike.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Okay. Yeah, Craig, when you look at the free cash flow guidance, I think, the first thing I'll comment on is handset financing. And we were the first carrier to innovate with financing in the U.S. marketplace, and we're the first carrier to truly reach the ultimate penetration there. And while there will be some build assumed in EIP receivables during this period that we're giving our free cash flow CAGR, the build is not significant in relation to what we've experienced in the past. And it's just the simple fact that collections on these receivables from the embedded base will approximate new financings done in a very high growth environment. Net-net, again our internal views are very aggressive continued growth, which has been fully embedded in this guidance, which would imply some sequential growth, but at a very low rate compared to historic. Working capital I think is basically the same issue as we continue to scale. And remember, one of the, I think, extremely exciting things about our story is that we've done everything that we've done in the last four years in two-thirds of the U.S. marketplace. And what the team is executing now is a massive distribution expansion. And with that distribution expansion to the other third of the U.S., there will certainly be some working capital associated with that. Now you have a significant upstart and swing up in the number of retail locations we've already guided towards in 2017, it's just the start of it. We will continue just like we've done with Metro, significant geographical distribution expansion over the next several years. And all that working capital associated with that expansion is fully embedded in the guidance that we've given.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah. So, Walt, when you look at the leverage, you always have to look at, if you're doing something inorganically the actual situation you're in. What is the deleveraging profile of NewCo? Is it rapid? Is it slow? What is the unique opportunity? What's the relative capitalization structure and certainly in specific situations, purely theoretical, you could flex higher if you had a great deal of confidence in the rapid deleveraging. But you wouldn't flex significantly higher because a strong healthy company and the flexibility to invest in whatever the cost of achieving the synergies are would be an important consideration. So again very theoretical but there is the answer.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Hey, Brett, let me put a little finer point on that. John very importantly talked about what we're seeing with a very significant way in the tax season in Q1, and the backdrop of our porting ratios is before any of that impact really materializes. Back in November, a law was passed relating to tax fraud avoidance that delayed any refunds for two categories; earned income credit and childcare credits to the February 15, and the tax season really isn't going to ramp-up until the end of February, which is a delayed impact. The other thing that I wanted to be really clear on the stores is there are very few incremental stores opened at this point. We're executing towards the second half of the year into the second – to the first half of the year, i.e., which implies a very significant ramp during the second quarter. And I think it's really important to pivot off Mike's statements that all distribution does in fact have a ramp associated with it. And a lot of what we're doing here with this expansion is third-party retailers, which is really an efficient methodology, but it does take time to get this stuff up and running.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah. I actually think it's one of the things that we're most excited about, for four years in a row we've continued to show significant progress and year-over-year, there is always seasonality in churn, but importantly, year-over-year on a quarterly basis, we continue to show goodness there. And how could we not? The investments that we're making in the network, the expansion that we're doing, the leading technology, the upload speeds, all that accrues to very, very happy customers. And you overlay on that foundation extreme innovation. And as we say, we won't stop. That innovation is going to continue, and that just more accretes to the brand and to customer satisfaction.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah. So, again, let me unpack this to the extent that I can. And, Jonathan, one of the reasons that we gave a three-year CAGR, again, is our philosophy of having guidance out there that we have a great deal of confidence that we're going to meet or exceed. And the retail expansion that we're talking about actually will occur over all three years of this period. I go back to the points that were made about our distributions in two-thirds of the country and we have expansion into all of the United States of America. And what's really cool about that is, it's major tailwind from a growth perspective if you essentially have no base that you're churning off of when you go into these new areas. So all of the customer flow actually goes into growth and margin growth and cash flows for the company, but it will take a while to expand distribution across the full U.S. So we are definitely assuming that this is not just a 2017 issue. Secondly, when it comes to investments and receivables, I did make the comment that we are at penetration of the base. So any incremental EIP is associated with growth of the business, and our external expectations of growth over the next three years are very strong. And as a result, there will be net investment in EIP and a world of lower growth. Not only would you see maximum leverage of the scale of the business and an explosion in cash, you also wouldn't be making these future investments in working capital. But we're positioning I think very appropriately with a great deal of confidence in the continued momentum of the business. And other than that, that's about as much as I can unpack it for you. I hope that was helpful.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Excuse me, Ric. Yeah, I think importantly, that is not something that we would entertain at all, using our lifeblood of the business to collateralize any borrowings out there. And quite frankly, we don't need to do that. I'm sure that you've recently saw the significant Term Loan B that we put in place, that's the total amount that we will do on that because we're very focused on not layering too much secured debt against the unsecureds. That could do anything to jeopardize the rating, so it's very important to us to protect the unsecured market. But when you look at the free cash flow guidance that we just gave, there is a very significant amount of cash generation and our business has been fully funded for all investments that we're doing for really the second year in a row. And the outlook is very, very positive. So, no, it's not anything that we would consider going forward (1:08:14)...
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah, let me just start by saying we have had significant projects every year. First rolling out 4G LTE, then the 700-megahertz roll out, the geographical expansion. And as we complete these projects, we certainly do roll those dollars and make them available for other uses in the run rate. The guidance that we provided has all of our known issues fully embedded in it for this three-year period. So just to frame it overall and I'll turn it over to Neville.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah, the second part of your question relates to our view on upgrades. And net, net we're actually excited about the handset innovations that are coming in the upcoming year. Mike talked a little bit about more affordables and the differentiation between smartphones is becoming increasingly difficult. But in 2017, we have a couple of very significant things coming. The 10th anniversary of the iPhone, which again Apple is very tightlipped about innovations they're bringing to the market, but I think all expectation is that that's going to be a very significant step up in functionality and form that will certainly drive switching or reinvestment in your certain carrier during the upcoming year. And then we also have Samsung coming out with another iteration of the Note, and I think, by all accounts that was one of the most exciting true smartphones with that type of screen size out there and it's a shame what happened, but they will certainly be back and be back very, very strong in the upcoming year, as well as all the other things from a handset standpoint. So net-net, our expectation is probably the same overall rate of upgrades as a percent of the base for 2017.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Yeah, not necessarily. During 2016, we were pretty much all new customers on EIP flow. You can tell by the guidance that we've given for leasing, that's more run rate with existing people on leasing and not assuming a lot of additional lease for new customer flow coming in. But it's still a tool in our toolbox, and we can obviously pivot as we see necessary in the marketplace. But that's definitely not the assumption in the guidance.
J. Braxton Carter - T: Well, I mean, right, it's pretty simple. In order to win in this space, you have high ARPUs, low churn, reasonable acquisition cost, and if you look at our business, we fit the bill to the T. And it's fascinating, it's sort of an underappreciated part of our business. We look at some of the unit economic measures, things like what kind of performance do we get on investments in sales and marketing, we call it return on CPGA. We look at how much margin is created for our company and contribution per unit of network capacity taken up. And on those two important measures, which are perhaps the most important comparators, our prepaid business performs as well as our postpaid business. And it's – so it's very fascinating. CLVs are less on a per customer basis, so it takes more customers to get there and we have more customers. The last point is that we are simultaneously the largest and the fastest growing in the space, that's very difficult to achieve. And it's a testament to the team, to the model. We're very, very proud of that business and how it contributes.
J. Braxton Carter - T: There was – there was a second part just on the 480p optimization and the benefits that's delivered to the network and we said day one when we activated Binge On, it was about 10%. It's probably in the 12% to 14% range today. I don't have the precise math in my head, but somewhere in that range. So, that's great. And I think obviously that experience has been a tremendous one, as Mike outlined for our customers, a 480p delivery to their phones is appropriate and delivers a great viewing experience, but obviously, the video optimization is a great benefit to the network. But as I talked at the beginning on one of the earlier questions, we've been adding a very large volume of capacity to the network through all the different means I outlined over the last 12 months to 18 months. So, a good place to be and video optimization is there, and as Mike outlined, we're going to have an HD option there for customers too.
John J. Legere - T: And on the second part of the question, I have to color myself highly amused by the conversation that's been taking place at the top of most people's list over the past month or two. I'd preface by saying we're in an anti-collusion period during the low-band spectrum auction. So one thing I can assure you is, nobody is talking to anybody. So there's an air of thinking driven by a couple of things. One is, I'll take the positive side, which is that customers with smartphones no longer are interested in our artificial barriers that we as industries have put on segmenting how they use their devices. They don't care about the cable industry or the wireless industry or the internet industry or the content industry. They want to pick up their device and do whatever they want to do with it, watch whatever they want, and preferably for free. But that's the demand, that's causing industries to look at each other as better ways to serve customers. So that brings to mind obviously a brand like T-Mobile with tremendous growth prospects and an organization of employees that is unparalleled, and 72 million people, who use their devices and growing faster than anyone else in the world. Then there's the second part, which is obviously there are always industry consolidations or changes that are driven in the worst way for some people, which is, hey, look at me, I need help. And right now, you know that going into this year, you know that DISH needs to do something. Regulatory wise, they have to do something with their spectrum. Sprint is clearly playing the game for next quarter. And that they've got good spectrum, but they don't have a franchise and they are candidate for being a part of a greater organization either through scale or something else. Verizon, clearly, with what they did yesterday, needs to do multiple things. And then an interesting angle on what has happened in the unlimited world, it only significantly enhances the reason that cable industry needs to understand how are they going to get to those that are viewing the mobile Internet. And if you think about what happened, the cable industry has been hoping to use MVNOs on Verizon to get economics to do something in the wireless entry point. However, there's no possible way they'll get economics to do unlimited, which has now become the industry standard, and that will compel them. And don't rule out that part of what Verizon did with their unlimited offer is send a message to the cable industry that you're not going to ride us to what's going to happen on your entry into wireless. So it's a fascinating time. I would say if you listened to Sprint the other week talking about all their options, T-Mobile has all those options plus one that Sprint doesn't have, which is, we are a very healthy growing franchise and if we choose to, we can continue to drive tremendous shareholder value on our own or participate in various forms of significantly growing the industry through consolidation; and I've got news for you, I couldn't be more excited about the period that's going to come up when this auction is over, while we continue to do what we just announced and then engage in understanding what the future of this industry is going to be, which is fascinating.
John J. Legere - T: Walt, as we go to the last of your 10-part question here and I hand to Braxton, I do need to acknowledge on the Twitter feed Travis Swientek who has the best tweet so far of the day where he says, "Braxton's voice makes me sleepy, but I like his hat."
John J. Legere - T: Yeah, it could unfold that way. It's a good observation. We are rolling out stores on both of our brands at a rapid pace in a way that is front-end loaded. We've been signaling this to you for a long time that we have really been competing in two-thirds of the market and have an opportunity to add $20 million, $30 million, $40 million additional marketable POPs from the beginning of 2016 to the middle of 2017. And we're on track for that, so that does bode well. Now there is a ramp time associated with distribution. So just because you open the door doesn't mean it contributes its fair share right away. So you have to factor that as well. So, yeah, I think your observation that the shaping could be a little different than in prior years could pan out. We don't give quarter-by-quarter guidance, but the industrial logic of what you're saying is sound.
John J. Legere - T: Okay. On the first, we certainly don't know more than everybody else, but there certainly is an expectation and an air of less regulation, less impediment to kind of innovation, a process of looking at change in a more aggressive way without government intervention, as well as an expectation of a more favorable corporate tax environment. And I think there's been some reports released as early as this morning listing some of the top beneficiaries potentially of some of the possible tax change, and I think T-Mobile was one of the top three. So, we don't have specifics, but certainly, we feel a positive environment. And as you say, in addition, we do feel that there will be a more positive environment to consider structural change to the industry, all of which I think is positive for our company and more will unfold. And we look forward to working with Chairman Pai, who we know well and have great respect for, as well as the Trump administration in anything that's important in the telecom space.
John J. Legere - T: Okay. Operator, as we go to the next question, I'm going to answer one in the way over that I know people have passionately been wanting to ask, but it hasn't come up yet. And the answer to that question is, yes, we are giving away Valentine's Day socks on T-Mobile Tuesdays as well as pizza today.
John J. Legere - T: So, at the end of this call, you can all login to the app and get your socks and your pizza. Operator, we'll take the next question after that.
John J. Legere - T: Yeah, Braxton, I would point out that in some sections of even the city we're in, there are loan sharks still in business and pawn shops that are other ways to get money that we won't be using either. And I'm not sure which of our competitors you're referring to, but I would assume that they didn't go to that move because it was one of their top two or three options.
John J. Legere - T: Just to amplify that Neville, nothing to do with the auction that we could speak about, but you've always been one person different from all the others that believes that whoever does get spectrum in the low-band auction could put it to use as early as this year.
John J. Legere - T: Okay, we're going to take one more question operator. And then we're going to run over to CMBC and go from there.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. Sure. Simon, I just want to underscore one thing that Neville said, which is, everything in our announcement yesterday around high-definition, there's nothing unprecedented about it. This is the way unlimited plans have always worked at T-Mobile up until T-Mobile ONE, where customers have the choice of high-definition or not. As you know, when we launched Binge On, we gave customers a new choice, including unlimited customers of streaming at standard definition to make sure that they get a much better bang for their buck on total data streaming, better network capacity, better overall performance for all of their other applications and when we did that, very few unlimited customers actually chose to stream in high-def, which underscores why we did T-Mobile ONE in the first place. Our customers really like the overall performance of the network, including when it streams at standard-def. So with T-Mobile ONE, what people will do is raise their hand in the app and select high-def if they want it and that's something that we have very good mathematical experience from our past on how many people do and that gives us confidence in our ability to forecast network capacity as we make this move.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. Three quick things. First of all, we do have the best upgrade rates in the industry. Let's just make sure, we underscore that. It was 10% in Q4, Verizon's was 8%, AT&T's was 6%, Sprint's was 9%. So, our customers continue to recommit in the form of a new device to our network at a greater rate than anybody else's. And that's a great vote of confidence and it certainly, as Braxton pointed out, contributes to a record low Q4 churn that we had in Q4. But two other quick points. One is, we're seeing a trend towards affordable phones. And this is something that's very interesting, as people keep their phones longer, an offsetting trend is that they are in some cases spending less on phones, and that's potentially a very good thing for the industry. Because as you know, we provide interest-free financing, it's very good for our overall cash profile if people start to be more attracted to more affordable phones. And lastly, and perhaps, most importantly, we're seeing something that's really changed in the industry and doesn't get discussed enough. And that is a broad compatibility of phones across all four major carriers. Wasn't true even two years ago. But today, virtually, every super phone out there in the hands of competitive customers is 100% completely compatible with T-Mobile. And that opens up a brand new opportunity to attract people to come over and switch and keep their phone, which means this idea that people keeping their phones longer should inhibit switching is a historical assumption that's decreasingly true as time goes on.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Well, I just can't believe they advertised one price to you, and then ended-up charging you another price, I'm appalled. But look...
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. The data on this is really clear. The cable industry is statistically one of the most unloved industries in the history of the consumer economy. So, obviously, it's ripe for innovation in this area. Look, we're not going to make any predictions today, but if you think about, you've heard John say over and over that the broad trends are crystal clear, which is all content of all kinds is landing on the Internet and moving away from linear formats. And the Internet itself is moving to mobile, and within this broad convergence, we do something in there really, really well, which is deliver an incredible mobile experience to consumers. And we'll have to see how it all unfolds as that content transforms and viewing habits change. I'll tell you one thing, in 2017 we will reach the point where people have more screen time on mobile devices than on any other kind of screen, and that's really something incredible when it comes to watching their video. So we'll see how this convergence unfolds, but in it we're where the industry is going, not where it's coming from, and we've got a brand that really resonates with people and possibly could resonate in an industry that's even more maligned than we found ours four years ago when we got here.
G. Michael Sievert - T: And we're not going to make a specific forecast about it. But just to put a fine point on that, we see no reason why our churn can't be at industry best benchmarks compared to any competitor in our industry over time because one of the core things behind it is network. And as we've been crystal clear, we intend to have a network in this industry that's second to none, and on many of the attributes, we're arriving there already. So we see nothing to prevent continued progress on this metric.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. I can start. Yeah, just to give you a specific, we started out 2016 with about 14 million wholesale customers and ended with a little over 17 million, 17.2 million customers in the area. So it was a big growth year for us. And one of other things going on is our customers are – our big wholesale customers were focused on high-velocity transactions. There was a movement towards Lifeline in 2016, which tend to be low revenue per connection – profitable customers, but lower revenue per connection. And what we're seeing right now is they are shifting their strategy in a different direction. They're focusing now on higher-value connections, and part of that is due to the changes in regulations around Lifeline and so on, but higher revenue per customer connections, which means, as we view it, our revenue plan for this area of our business looks intact. We're very confident in it. We have great partners in the space. But how it will unfold when it comes to customer accounts will be different than 2016, and we were just signaling to you that that was a different kind of a year with those kinds of unit growths, even though our revenue plans for 2017 look quite good.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. Jonathan, on your question about the B2B segment. Our business we call @Work is just doing fantastic. I can't give you a lot of forecasts on things that are coming up. We'd like to keep our cards a little close to the vest on that. But just a couple factoids, we had the highest ever percentage of our net adds in Q4 in the business channel this Q4. So you saw the highest ever performance of our business channel in the quarter we just announced as a percentage of our total net adds. That means it's outperforming every other part of our business on growth. So we're really proud of our team in this space. And what we're finding is that there's been a big change in the last year and that is that our network is now meeting all the threshold requirements that big enterprises have, and that just wasn't the case a couple of years ago. We weren't really in the discussion with medium and larger enterprises because they have facts and data to back up their choices and they're very thoughtful about this, and they weren't choosing us back then. Well, now that those same facts and data are pointing that we have a network that is second to none and they're choosing us on purpose because of our network and I think this is a leading indicator for consumers who have less data at their disposal than enterprises have. So we're delighted to see that progress. It's mostly driven by network. A secondary point and the final point is that, we're the only one of the major wireless companies serving them who are unconfused about the future. The future is mobile communications. Every other company out there is trying to serve them legacy technology as well and over-monetize that. And I think our customers appreciate us for that because the industry is shifting towards mobile when it comes to enterprise communications.
G. Michael Sievert - T: Yeah. I mean, well, I think one of the things our customers really appreciate about us is that our tendency to put them first and listen to what they're looking for. So we'll be guided by them on this. And so far, we don't hear customers crying out for their wireless company to erect walled gardens and curate their content for them and pick and choose for them. We saw how badly that failed when Verizon tried it with go90, it's just not something that that customers are asking for yet. That being said, as we talked about a few minutes ago, our brand is really strong, and as things start to change it's possible that customers might expect us to do that for them. And if they do we will. But I think, we've been clear since Binge On, that if we can make it easier for customers to access without penalties, without fear of data overages, the way we changed the industry with Binge On and with T-Mobile ONE, if we could make it easier to buy, if we could make it easier to consume there are plenty of things we could do besides, erecting our own plan, which is a walled garden and curate all their Internet content for them. When the magic of the Internet is that you can have all of the content. So we'll be guided by our customers on this. But right now, what they're telling us is they love our neutrality in this space.
