Mike Sievert: And operator, I would like to just point out that in honor of Rich Greenfield and everybody at light shed, we will only be taking questions this quarter from people that begin their question with a phrase, great quarter guys. Just kidding. Operator. 
Mike Sievert: Peter, why don’t you start? And it’s really, it’s really about backing out the lease revenues. If you want to look at what kind of – what we call core EBITDA, not so much for yield. 
Mike Sievert: Yes, the way we use to operate, right. Nothing has really changed in terms of how we think about this stuff, right. So, we have adjusted EBITDA and then you have leasing and lease revenues get backed out, to get to this more operational view, adjusted EBITDA is what we focus on and guide on those. So it’s important that you understand that and obviously bringing in Sprint, there is a much bigger leasing component. And so the differences between the two are greater, now that we’ve merged. 
Mike Sievert: What we’ll do over – but right now, as you know, we ask a one and therefore our main go to market for us to center ground. But we have all these tens of millions of Sprint customers and a lot of them make like leasing in one another lease device and we are happy to provide that. So, see that level. 
Mike Sievert: And not to mention in addition, but the legacy T-Mobile side of things, which will be increasingly difficult for us, I am back for you because we are past day one now and where business going forward. But, the legacy T-Mobile’s side had a blockbuster low churn number. And so, blended in that also helps. So this is really gratifying. We have tailwinds on churn over the medium and long haul, because we know what drives it.  We have seen this journey on the T-Mobile side from some of the highest churn in the industry to some of the best churn in the industry in its network. And where, I just got done talking at length about how no one is going to be able to catch us on network. So we are really excited and to Matt’s point, seasonally this year, there are going to be two dynamics.  One, COVID-19, we think the impacts of it will start to abate which brings some normalcy back into the suppression this quarter, as well as what’s normal T-Mobile which is a seasonal uptick in the second half, all in against the backdrop of real exciting tailwinds. So, that’s the first piece.  And the second piece you asked about was, kind of how to think about the second half and I will say, we have burdened our plan with the activations, we think are necessary to deliver the growth that we guided. And that means, we know that gross activations will up in the second half, why I just told you that seasonally and due to COVID, churn will be up and we’ll outrun that churn and the other guy’s churn will be up and that’s an opportunity for us.  When the other guy’s churn goes up a little bit, that’s when we compete. You asked about phones. I don’t know. I can’t comment about phones. I really hope there is a well rounded 5G phone portfolio as we exit the year. And so, I’ll just leave it there and if there is, that would be a great competitive moment for us. So, hopefully, that helps, John.
Mike Sievert: And Peter, just very briefly on Brett’s last part, he was asking about the operational spend and it was maybe, it sounded like it may have been a little less than he was expecting given the Q2 spend. Do you want to unpack that a little bit? Because I think that’s some point people will understand.
Mike Sievert: But in other words, operationally, it’s rapidly growing in the second half. The operational component of our cost to achieve in Q2 is actually quite small. Most of it was deal-related transaction cost and so the – and it’s all operational from here on. So, it’s a big, big uptick in actual cost to achieve going through the system in the second half. 
Mike Sievert: Yes, nothing really has broadly changed in our aspirations and at some point by the way, you raised a good question, at some point I know what, we’ll owe you an update on all that. We keep saying and I hopefully we backed it up with actual evidence and reasons why we are saying it today by giving you something to chew on.  But we keep saying, hey, we are more confident now. This two year old plan, we think it may be a little conservative. I know we owe you some more color on that, but let’s say, we have one – exactly one data point for this company so far and that’s today’s report. So, we are going to get a little bit more a line established for you and then we’ll give you a different updated way to think about the future. So, I know we owe you that. 
Mike Sievert: Yes. You bet. And by the way I got so enamored with the second part. Tell me the first part again, what was the management 
Mike Sievert: It looks to us at the beginning of this, like we reach about 275 million people with our distribution now, while going faster than expected on retail rationalization. So it’s a win on both fronts, really terrific. Congratulations, John. Operator, let’s go back to the phones. 
Mike Sievert: Yes. I think and we’ve seen some signs of that. Many companies out there are looking at their long-term customers and they are going to do cost transformation programs as they prepare to maybe weather the post-COVID storm. And we’ve seen lots of examples that companies …. I mean, this marks kind of hiding the dynamic going on in American companies, which is everybody is looking for dollars and looking under every rock to find them.  And here we are and just that moment, with the best value and the highest capacity service. So that’s really exciting. The last word I’ll say, on this which is also a little bit COVID-related is, the CL, corporate liable part of our market is kind of been flat lined for a long time. And I actually think that post-COVID, there is an opportunity that the changing work styles will cause us to see growth again in that sectors, just at the time we are arriving with hyper competitiveness and able to lead the pack.  So, and the reason for that is simple, some form of home work and home officing is going to continue and some amount of that will carry on and companies will feel more of a need than in the past to take responsibility for some of the home connectivity and personal connectivity of their employees. That means enterprise corporate liable lines maybe positively responsive to this environment. That’ always been a castle of AT&T’s and Verizon’s. But it’s us to take and we are scaling the walls. 
Mike Sievert: And I hope you hear us saying, and we are laying down some facts to back it up now that our aspiration is to go faster and bigger. And, look, I think ultimately you are going to measure our team, based on three simple things. Did we outgrow the competition through this first timing cycle as a new company? Did we unlock the synergies bigger and faster than we promised and translate that to enterprise value? And did we set up the company for long-term success? And this management team is laser-focused on all. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, yes. Absolutely. And let me begin with, obviously, the second half guidance is also reflective of increased gross adds from SG&A, right. And that’s both from a seasonal uptick that we expect as an industry in turn which is typical from Q3 to the second half, but also as a result of the COVID-19 cost, $300 million that were excluded in Q2 that again will become part of the normal runrate. And then, you have the leasing revenues, as you said, if you wanted to the core adjusted EBITDA. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes. Absolutely, Brett. And as we said, what you saw in Q2, while there was an elevated amount of merger-related cost, there was a lot of transaction and then restructuring and severance, right from acceleration of some of those synergy opportunities. When we fled them to the second half, it is primarily, what I would call operational synergy capture now. So, that’s when you think about the pace, that’s an element to consider in there. And of course it’s subject to us identifying ways to prudently go faster, which we are going to continue to do, just like you saw in Q2. 
Peter Osvaldik: Yes, absolutely, Mike. So, there is no doubt, right, with the long incumbency of the deal, as well as COVID-19, right, it’s a differential that’s put out there almost two years ago, but we do remain highly confident in our ability to exceed and to your point, Mike, yes the moves that we made in Q2, you saw us accelerate and diligently do things and we put the 8-K out there both from organizational design acceleration, this phone rationalization acceleration.  You see what the pace of the 2.5 rollout did, which is again the first step of the three and ultimately leads to the decommissioning which is the biggest part of the synergies – avoided site builds already, that’s already something that we are capturing. And so, yes, in the second half of the year, we are already going to be capturing some synergies and that’s then only build them through the investment periods.  And again, as Mike said, I think we are quarter into this journey. It’s a multi-year journey where a quarter in we are already seeing optimistic signs and we are moving quickly what’s prudent to do so. And we do owe you an update on that as soon as we can we will. 
Matt Staneff: Yes. That’s great. So, as Mike said, we are going to continue with past day one. Right now, we’ve got our new proposition in the market largely it’s T-Mobile the way it was before. The one thing we do that we have a Sprint customer base and we are very aggressively taking care of those customers, now watching and managing their churn helping us. A lot of them are on lease upgrade offers. And so, what you can expect over time obviously is we are not going to take away seeing some customers that could potentially increase churn. We are going to continue to serve them. And so, that’s part of what you see in the leasing mix as we got options available, the T-Mobile options that we are still going to take care of for customers. And so it will be kind of more of a gradual change in the total mix versus what we are doing for new customers with that. 
Matt Staneff: Yes. I’ll start on churn. 80 bps that’s a great number. It’s a great number to have in the first quarter. Now that we are together and the comparison is accurate. T-Mobile was among the leaders in the category and as you said, Sprint was in the high ones. I think the last 42 close to 106 and down 180 basis points. One thing to consider is, this was done in Q2 when covered with the Q. And we said the switch in flows were down.  We were taking care of customers and then a collection - we’ve accounted for all of that. But Q2 is a bit of an anomaly and you’ve seen that across the industry in terms of what churn has done. We have been very hard at work. We’ve been talking about what we’ve done, getting the Sprint customer base access to the network. We’ve got 10 million customers kind of on a daily basis using the network.  We could provide VoLTE with a much better experience and we’ve been hard at work giving value to the Sprint customer base. And taking un-carrier principles and deploying them pretty broadly across the base. So we are not predicting where churn will go. And like just Peter said, seasonally it’s going to be up a little bit and in the third quarter and we’ve put that into our guidance.  And I can’t predict where churn will go, but what I can say is that things we need to get to where it was at 0.80 last quarter, we are going to keep doing and more of as we move forward. 
Matt Staneff: Yes. I’ll tackle that, Mike. I think the question was a little bit around distribution look like and then what we are we seeing with COVID-19. So, the first thing I would say is, what we have shown in this quarter is a great ability to execute. Our plan had always been to get to day one, within 90 days or so from close and we effectively did that.  And so it’s a little bit out. But we in all the adversity, we had to relearn a lot of things, many companies did and we’ll still pull this off. And today, a vast majority of all distribution points already are cobranded or branded as T-Mobile and we are often running going forward. Like many retailers, there wasn’t a issue, right, when our retail sat down and we had to keep our employees safe, keep consumers safe and put the right protocol in place.  Our team has well worked very, very quickly to be fixed and take care of customers. And we saw some changes in buying traffic, switching from retail into digital. Now historically T-Mobile hasn’t relied heavily on digital. Sprint relied a little bit more and then number increased a lot, but it was a very small percent and increased by lot and it’s still a relatively small percent.  I’d say those numbers have been generally stable as well, as we recovered we’ve gone and been able to open the vast majority of the stores in a safe way to serve customers and the communities and the market is open back up. The trends has, what I’d say generally stabilized. We do intend over time like many folks to serve customers where they want to get served, that’s digital, that’s full digital.  What we’ve seen a lot of at times, is customers start digital and then fulfill on retail and we are fully set up to support that and we are going to continue to support that as move forward. 
Matt Staneff: Hey, Peter. It’s Matt. I’ll start and then if Neville wants to jump in on any other factors there. So, we haven’t seen anything that surprised us and we feel great of what we have in Q2 in terms of subscriber churn for Sprint. We’ve seen lots of positive signs.  We’ve been able to rapidly enable roaming and the ability for Sprint customers to get access to the T-Mobile network and we’ve seen noticeable declines in churn rates from those customers who have gotten on the network, which is partly why we are going very fast at getting a build out done, or we are very happy about the handset compatibility and why we are aggressively moving fast at bringing those enhanced coverage experiences to Sprint customers.  We’ve also seen great participation from the Sprint customer base into some of the offers and programs that T-Mobile traditionally have like T-Mobile Tuesdays or we have that for a number of years. It’s a massive, it’s a great platform for customers to just could thank every day for being a customer. It’s an example of something we’ve rolled out to Sprint customer base and we’ve seen great adoption of that new customer and that’s a very positive sign.  So we have an engaged customer base. Very excited about being a part of the T-Mobile company and what we have in front of us. And so, we are feeling very positive about where things are headed. All that said, we don’t know how that’s going to look when we come out of the suppression in Q2 from COVID.  We are watching that. Again, as Mike said earlier, we are planning for a highly competitive back half of the year. We are pushing forward getting to normal. We need to buy systems. So we can really take share in the marketplace. 
Neville Ray: Yes. I mean, thanks, Mike. I mean, we are moving at an incredible pace. I mean, I could not be more pleased with the progress that we’ve made in what’s a few short weeks since we combined with the Sprint team. And it’s on two fronts, I mean, we’ve been rapidly accelerating the breadth of this network, if I talk to the 250 million people now covered the T-Mobile’s low band 5G, 327 million of people covered with LTE too, right, and we are closing in on that opportunity for in our 5G footprint.  So, that gives us the breadth. The depth comes from the 2.5 Ghz spectrum, the mid band slice that’s so important. And all I can say is, we are baking that cake super, super fast. So, to give you some idea and dimension that for you, I mean, as we get to the second quarter, every week, we were starting up great activity on about 600 sites per week.  In the last month, that number has gone to 700 sites per week. So, you can all do that math that thousands of sites in a month and in the quarter and we are running very, very hard of having that mid-band layer of the network to this great opportunity. Mike outlined the experience and the speeds.  To the earlier question about, 5G phones in fourth quarter, and we have a great line-up today, lots of great phones, great news from Samsung just the other day announced and we want to make sure that there is really only one 5G network that you would love to put a 5G phone on. And it’s from T-Mobile.  The coverage is spotting your best from AT&T, nascent from Verizon and when you can combine great coverage with great performance and speed with mid band inside the fourth quarter, that’s going to be a complete game changer. So, great quarter. Great numbers.  But we are only just getting started with this network roll out and the pace is phenomenal. Mike outlined, obviously, we are not building in all the places, but standalone T-Mobile and Sprint would have planned to and that’s good for this business, right. We are starting to generate those cost avoidance, site avoidance synergies at pace, real pace in the second half of this year and we’ll talk to those numbers more as we close out 2020. But tremendous progress underway and I couldn’t be happy of.  Tower guys not so happy. We could be doing some more with the tower guys, but there is a competitive process in play right now and we have choices that we can make. So, I would fully anticipate that we will start more tower build as we move into the second half, but to be seen. That doesn’t slow us down. We have lots of options to build and we are building furiously. 
Neville Ray: Happy to take it. Hey Craig. So the situations are comparable, but they are different and favorably, so, I think the biggest – the other is that, as we look to metro PCS, I mean that was primarily a CDMA customer base. And so, we have different technologies and we knew we have to retire and move all of those customers out of the CDMA phone effectively.  Here we are with combining our traffic and our customer bases across Sprint and T-Mobile. On the update today Mike mentioned in the opening remarks 85% of the Sprint customer base have a compatible phone with the T-Mobile network.  So that 10% traffic number which is remarkable in a very short period of time. It’s there because we can start open a network customer just on LTE, our Sprint customers have access to that great nationwide 4G now too. But because they have compatible LTE handsets and we’ve activated and we are moving through VoLTE very quickly, which is the primary voice bearer for us.  It’s not we are competing on different technology, as it was with metro. We can move those customers at much faster pace. And so, I am always hopeful and confident now that we can move through the migration of traffic and ultimately spectrum and then move to decommissioning at a faster pace. I mean, that’s the game plan.  And as I said earlier we are furiously building out the network capability to house that spectrum, the 2.5 Ghz that we have a huge volume of, as you know, Craig. And as we do that, we can support more and more traffic and start to ultimately migrate these customers across.  Very similar playbook in many ways in terms of how we approach it, but we are in a much better place to move faster, because of the handset compatibility. 
Neville Ray: Jonathan on the back-end of your question there on the runrate, obviously we are going to do better than the 700 per week. But I am delighted with that ramp during the pandemic. So, the great news is, we’ve got great resources out there working very safely and with health and safety paramount. Our supply chain is actually really robust.  We had a few scarce in the early days of the pandemic, but as things are moving really well. And I want to get into a nice robust steady state and go build this network out as we said over the next two years. I will really want to break of the back of the 2.5 deployment over the next 18 months.  I mean, that’s the plan and we have a runrate and a production rate that network factory now is rolling out operates and incremental site activity on a very, very strong site. So we are in a good spot. 
Neville Ray: I just add to [Indiscernible] this access to the T-Mobile network for the Sprint customer base is absolutely key. I mean, we know the coverage churn was a major concern in the Sprint base. And you’ve heard our numbers today. I mean, 10 million customers every day are now accessing the T-Mobile network and that’s everywhere, right.  It’s not – this isn’t kind of a roaming thing where it’s just geographic expansion into rural environments. This is happening in building in Manhattan and Seattle. It’s happening in urban cores, it’s happening in suburban environments, as well as rural. Only about 35%, 40% of that traffic is actually in rural environments.  So, Sprint customers are already seeing a dramatic improvement in the coverage. We did that that they have closed. We opened up the networks for Sprint customers with compatible handsets which is the vast majority as we cover it. And so, big improvements in – that coverage experience has been a key. We are already starting to move towards looking customers over completely to a T-Mobile network experience.  We’ve been very targeted without to make sure that customers on the Sprint side that had very difficult and challenging coverage situations, we’ve moved some of those already completely over to T-Mobile network and there will be more of that obviously as we now ramp up our build spectrum migration and all of the activities we talked about today.  So, very pleased with the progress there and very positive signs in terms of the uptake from Sprint customers using rather T-Mobile network. With that I am going to.. 
