Roger Linquist: That is a bit of a crystal ball. We do see a part of it. Let's take the first one. We will have a handset roadmap next year. I can't say specifically it's not totally in place, but it will be at least half a dozen handsets that we'll introduce in LTE next year. And it was critical for us, given the objectives that we have to use existing spectrum and due course to reform it to have both the narrow band as well as the wideband capability in the handset. So we needed that and we needed to focus on the PCS and AWS band.So we had to get in front of this, and this is an important development. The good news is that we have the handsets that we think we need for our smartphone lineup next year, pretty well in place, with just one or two shall we say products that need to be firmed up. But I think that this trial that we have this year is to see what we have in terms of usage, in terms of we have in customer preference. We're very pleased with the fact that people have opted for the more premium service that contains the MetroSTUDIO. And that gives them this entertainment dimension we talked about. As far as changing pricing in the future, I think right now, we're into a test phase so that will be determined by the outcome of this.
Roger Linquist: Yes, I think we're entering a bit of a different phase, so let me try to answer the question. I think you're going to see smartphones that qualify for that level or certainly 4G phones between $200 and probably $500 next year and at wholesale. So given that, they're still an elevated price. One of the things that we're finding with our customers however, is that in terms of the touch phones as the phone is that we've introduced that people will pay up for the service and we're trying to find the right combination of both service pricing and as well as handphone prices that will move this. But people do demand "a touch QWERTY plus, shall we say, the app store/Android experience."
Roger Linquist: If I can keep track of the thoughts that you have, I'll start with the last thought. We have at this point, no plans to offer a lifeline or a government phone, if you will. I think the by-the-minute plan that Tom indicated gives us an opportunity for our customers to have the handset that they want and the service pricing that could very well fit into their budget. So I think over time, you'll see our approach to be really focused on people who want the handset experience in that group, but also very pressed for economics and what they can afford to spend month by month. So no, not directly, but I think we will have a broader opportunity to address at least a portion of that market. The other part and I'll aggregate this question speeds, I think we're seeing what I think Verizon has talked about. We see and it depends on the, let me predicate this, it depends on the SINR even more than the output power. So with a reasonable SINR environment, we're seeing typically around 8 Mbps in the throughput. Now go into to a house, get into a low SINR, or Signal Interference Noise Ratio, if you go into such indoors, you'll probably be cut down to in the two megabit or two Mbps range and even below, but we have a pretty broad strong signal, we've driven -- drive test our markets and we're very pleased that we can get what we expect out of this in a reasonable, not real good signal, but a reasonable signal. We have tested on a 10 by 10, I'll give you another number that we have put out but we have tested 10 by 10 and we're north of 70 Mbps, which I think is certainly as good as others have done. I think others have tested a 20 by 20 at 120, and so we're very, very pleased we could do better than that on LTE, if we have that spectrum to test on. So I think that we're very satisfied. We see the data rates, we see also the opportunity, which is hidden in this cost of ownership and the equipment because what we'll put in place is literally a base station called e-mail B [ph] that's good for 20 by 20. And the incremental cost of adding to the spectrum as we do in CDMA is, I would say, orders at least an order of magnitude different, given the -- in other words to be able to expand the capacity of that individual base station. So that's why we're so bullish on the fact that going forward, as we make this conversion, which will take a few years, that we have an opportunity to really drive free cash flow.
Roger Linquist: Well, I'd be surprised if we didn't. The fact is though that, let me just finished the other one, I didn't include one thought, we get about the same performance that I think Lowell McAdam has indicated on Verizon, about a 10x improvement over deal Rev. A on average. So we're very pleased and the key there is average throughput. So I think that yes, we'll draft on anybody, but this is no longer just Verizon. What we're looking at is a global standard. There is no doubt in our mind that LTE, whether in a frequency division duplex or time division duplex form will be the world standard, and there will be no question that there'll be devices with both capabilities. And so for the first time, we have a true global standard. So we're not seeing and perhaps in the next year or two, drafting perhaps on some of the other major companies that need dual mode, but we're seeing going forward a huge opportunity to draft on worldwide production and consumption.
Roger Linquist: Let me take the first bite of that and then I'll turn it over to Braxton and Tom. Remember, we're building a total new system and one of the elements of that is licensing cost, utility costs and all important backhaul. So we're carrying a few bricks in our saddlebags right now, which don't have the corresponding revenue to offset this but will be building for the future the retention cost, I'll open that up.
Roger Linquist: Yes, I think the key that we see is that we're building now. So this is 2010, 2011 as we complete the network build, we'll have complete overlay, we'll use our existing cell sites, our existing plumbing to a very great extent on the towers and rooftops. And so we've done this on a very incremental basis. The real benefit on OpEx as Braxton was indicating comes when we see the additional data traffic, which we will get and we believe we have some ARPU opportunities for is the price elasticity of the demand to go to a 10 Mbps to 100 Mbps in backhaul with an ethernet combining both CDMA and LTE traffic, is enormous. It's in the order of 10x cost reduction. So yes, we pay more but the price per bit goes down by nearly a factor of 10.
Roger Linquist: Again, I'll maybe take in the reverse order. Competition, obviously, will always be a factor. I think what we're seeing is that at least for now, some bit of focus on segmentation as opposed to parties dropping their price structure and having some across-the-board dramatic impact. I think you see a more mature market now in prepaid and paying in advance. I'd like to group both of those in no-contract. So I think there's an element of stabilization, but in the segmentation, I think there's going to be a lot of creativity that occurs. We think that the importance of moving to the smartphones in the no-contract market is a critical step and also it's a very important step for us to provide the very best experience that customers could get based on data rates and handset capability. So next year, 2011, is an opportunity for us probably towards the second half of the year to be able to put up handsets and services that are truly at parity in the postpaid industry. Bringing this to the no-contract market we think has a very important initiative because our view is 2009, late 2010 was really the period of the QWERTY in the no-contract market and we think that's moving very strongly to the smartphone touchscreen going forward in 2011 and beyond. So we want to be well positioned with a variety of products based on handset prices and overall comprehensiveness of service packages that could deal with this. And we do think that as we go into the more, shall we say, extensive service packages, that there's an opportunity for some lift in ARPU, remember if we've got a base of roughly 8 million subscribers moving to ARPU for the whole company will be a challenge, but we do see an opportunity in LTE.
Roger Linquist: We only have at this point on phones. So it's reminiscent of when we started, you can have anything you want as long as it's a $23.35 [indiscernible].
Roger Linquist: Yes, spectrum question, I guess is on everybody's mind. Yes, i think there is a bit of a misperception because of the holdings of the very largest carriers in the country between 80 and 100 megahertz and then you have Sprint with more than that Clearwire. The fact is that there are tremendous economies just with having the -- which we do have roughly 10 megahertz set clear in all our markets say one that we are intend to launch LTE on. And our objective is really a reforming objective and that is to use the spectrum that we currently have, that's why it was so important to develop the ecosystem around the bands of our interest which is PCS and AWS. Others have a very strong interest in 700. And so I guess the answer to the question is we never saw a megahertz we didn't like at the right price. But on the other hand, we have a reforming plan now and we feel that, that plan is adequate for our needs because we are intending to support the small screen. Tablets are interesting, we'll see what that might develop, but at this point in time, we're looking at the small screen handsets.
Roger Linquist: Well, we're not quite sure what the government has done. We've heard what LightSquared has their arrangement, but I think this is one of the uncertainties we have in their view of MSS and when the availability of the AWS spectrum is going to be announced. That's obviously a more direct application for us. So we're keen to know when they're going to offer AWS spectrum.
Roger Linquist: And I think the big picture for us is, quite frankly on this topic, perception sells more than reality. And I think our customers or the customers in the segments that we don't enjoy right now feel the table stakes are a nationwide system and we want to be into consideration of those customers who have in the past rejected Metro because the perception was were a regional or local service company. We want to make sure we dispel those thoughts, so we see the upside much greater than the actuality of the cost side of the equation.
J. Carter: Yes, the chart that we have in our supplemental deck makes the point as you noted that market launches can affect the level -- the relative percentage of net ads in any given quarter. And that was very true when we had significant market launches in the past and since we're showing historical data, we wanted to make that point. I think your point is very well taken going forward, we are passed significant market launches at this point and we should revert to more normal seasonality, which is Q1 being absolutely the strongest quarter followed by the fourth quarter and then you have the second and third quarter, which are you're seasonally softer quarters. So you'll see more of a normal return to that trend absent large market launches.
J. Carter: Yes, you mentioned the budgeting process and visibility. I think there's definitely a large difference between this year's process and last year's process. When you do a comprehensive transformation of your business on multiple fronts, there's even more of a crystal ball than usual. Seeing the power of Wireless for All, and the execution that our operations team has performed during the year, definitely, I think helped us in our views on 2011.
J. Carter: Yes, we have no interest in the MVNO relationship. I think the right way to look at the Metro USA is this is an incremental expansion to our national footprint from 220 over 280. Certainly, it will have some costs associated with it, but we don't see that cost as being significant to our results or significantly impacting our margins. And we also believe that from a retention standpoint that we could actually probably more than fully offset economically any additional cost from the service.
