John J. Legere: Okay. Thank you, Braxton. It was, as you could hear, a record quarter on many fronts, which was enabled by the hard work of T-Mobile employees. Consumers have noticed, and the word is spreading like wildfire. The consumer wireless movement is rapidly approaching a tipping point, and that's when this gets really interesting. The first year of Un-carrier has been terrific, but it's going to pale in comparison to what lies ahead. The wireless industry, as you can hear, did grow in Q1. Big news. And T-Mobile captured virtually all of the industry growth while successfully taking market share from the competition. Now I'm going to recap highlights one more time, in particular because Roger Cheng has spent the whole call tweeting to me and because Dave Barden's writings suggest he might not have heard them the first time. So on the 1-year anniversary of going public, T-Mobile celebrated with rapid growth and a record-breaking first quarter: 2.4 million total net customer additions, our largest number of customers added in a single quarter; over 1.3 million branded postpaid net customer additions, including more than 1.2 million phone adds. Small recap, by the way, Verizon's were minus 138,000, AT&T's were positive 100,000 and Sprint's were minus 747,000. 136% year-over-year and 23% Q-over-Q increase in branded postpaid gross customer adds. A record 6.9 million smartphones sold in Q1. We are growing service revenue. This was our fourth consecutive quarter of sequential service revenue growth, which grew 4.5% year-over-year. And we expect to convert this into adjusted EBITDA growth in 2014 and beyond. We're adding the right customers, more Prime customers, customers who are purchasing higher data buckets and customers who are staying longer. T-Mobile is in a growth phase where we expect to drive further momentum and continue investing in profitable growth. We're raising our subscriber expectations for the full year after only 1 quarter. And we're clearly not done yet. Now I think we're ready for Q&A, operator. First question, please, Shelley.
John J. Legere: Yes. Kevin, let me give you the bookmarks. This is the only piece I'll let you talk me into it on this. And I know it was really hard to pull this out of me. On one end of the continuum, with one competitor, we actually had individual days that approached 17:1 on porting ratios. And if you tick that to the other side, I think it's 0.03, 0.04 [ph] or whatever. And there has never been a day in 2014 ever that any competitor has been over 1 with us, so you can take it from there. Obviously, when we stop being coy about a statistic, it's because it's heavily in our favor.
John J. Legere: Two or 3 things to think about. One is just to play the tape back, since this is a Happy Birthday 1-year for the company, our original goals were to take the 2.5% postpaid churn over successive years from 2.5% to 1.9% to 1.8% to 1.7% at the end of 2016. So we're well ahead of plan. A lot of that has to do with the tremendous network quality that we've gone through. Second point I want to make is it is always important here to put a little footnote in to even amplify the strength of these numbers to remember that we are 100% no contract, no service contracts. And the base of our competitors being far more premium, family, governments, you can question what the target of their churn will be if they go at some point to 100% no contract. We're very satisfied with the 1.5% level. We don't think it'll be a straight line. But we definitely don't think we'll ever return to the other levels. And I think as the network improves with the 700 band that we announced yesterday and that gets to be deployed, we think we have longer-term ways to stabilize and even further decline. But our target is not the existing churn levels of our larger competitors, which we think are temporarily artificially low. But 1.5%, we're very pleased with. It's ahead of our plan. But there's no spike in it that we can point to that we expect to go away.
John J. Legere: Yes. And I think prepaid churn has gone down considerably. So I think the prepaid churn level is down to 4.3%. And the interesting point is we know that the numbers, the average revenue per user and the churn levels at MetroPCS on the prepaid side were always better than the prepaid magenta brand. And we're now at greater than 60% of our prepaid and rising that is made up of Metro. So we're seeing those benefits and expect to continue.
John J. Legere: Yes. I'll start, and Braxton can actually segue or Mike can on the first half of the question as well. Yes, we are clearly proving that we can accelerate growth. And it's basically a simple formula associated with solving customer pain points and removing some of the arrogance of the industry. It's not rocket science. And we don't think we're anywhere close to finished with the painfully obvious points that we can attack, that we'll continue to focus on the growth. I would say that it's important to note, as you dig deeper here, especially in the first quarter, if anything, we solidified our pricing envelope in Q1. We added a higher pricing tier. We added a low-end price point but a less-featured option that provides profitability for us in an entry point. So there's no price reduction as a lever for us. And we've been very clear that this ETF program, Contract Freedom's final nail, the attack on the family plans, is a highly profitable approach if done correctly. And so far, it has proven out to come through at the ways that we anticipate. I don't think Braxton or I or the team has ever wavered from our 5-year planned statistics of a highly profitable business growing in operating free cash flow and growing very strongly in EBITDA margin percentages. And we're on track for that. And having these results very front end-loaded in this year help even greater in that plan. So yes, there's no expectations on our part to sacrifice profitability for significant growth. And frankly, the amazing news to us is that we don't need to. But Braxton or Mike, do you want to...
John J. Legere: I'm just going to footnote both of those topics for you also. On the first item, I want to amplify that while all this was going on, the attach rate to JUMP! has gone to 81%. We have about 5.3 million people signed up for JUMP!. And the shift to the higher-tier data plans, we've had an attach rate to the higher plans of over 84%. So customers are moving up and moving into Simple Choice. They're moving up, and these things enhance profitability for us as well. On the second point, I think it's important to note, one of the fun things that's happening right now in the United States wireless industry is there's a small taste of what real competition looks like. And the big beneficiaries here are consumers. They're having a ball. Consumers love to see what's going on. And the big guys, rusty as they may be, are attempting to move, and it's fantastic. I mean, so the U.S. industry is seeing a glimpse of what competition looks like. And the decisions that are made in the industry over the next year as to how this spectrum is allocated and how decisions on consolidation and other variables take place is going to be critical decisions to let this U.S. wireless industry continue this game the way it's being played with this all-out wrestling that is perfect for consumers in changing and keeping the United States wireless industry at the forefront of the world. And I think that's a little glimpse as to what's going on. So these are big, bold things that will happen in the industry, and we love the hand that we're holding in that game.
John J. Legere: Yes. I'll start and throw the ball to the evil genius of the team, Mike. This is a great topic. We're kind of excited about this one and holding back on it. And it is one of those things where if I was one of the other guys -- think about the growth in the industry. The prepaid growth in the industry in Q1 was about 2.2 million subscribers when you look at about 0.5 million phone net adds, of which we got 1.2 million, and about 1.7 million tablets, of which we were not really playing totally in that space. We understood that. And we started in this quarter, after a small start last quarter, of just testing this game. And Operation Tablet Freedom, which was an attempt to get people to stop with these Wi-Fi devices and give them LTE-connected devices at Wi-Fi prices with 1.2 gigs of data free per month for the rest of the year, and then moving, of course, to our lifetime free 200 megs of data. I would tell you that the early response that we got was phenomenal. So a phenomenal, one of those oh-my-God changes in growth. But what those things have told us, this is a space we can really play. And now what's important that you can look for from us is our shift to tablets won't be what you've seen so far. What you've seen so far is players moving to no or negative phone net adds and, therefore, having some positive tablet adds. Now we want to continue very strongly in the phone net add business and grow considerably in the tablet business and then, of course, move to an environment where people are using these devices interchangeably, all LTE-based, all connected. So I think watch this space for us, but not as a way to fill in a hole or not to back up the truck with cheap tablets to fill in numbers. But Mike, do you want to...
John J. Legere: And I know a number of you go to our stores and do channel checks and see what's going on. If you go in the stores now, the buzz is tablets. The momentum continues on the devices, but the environment is that we've cracked the code. The tablets are moving in a very big way as opposed to the last few quarters. And I think we've only started to innovate in this space. Both Un-carrier moves on the tablet as well as technological shifts in how we think about tablets will be coming from us.
John J. Legere: Yes. That's a fun topic, right? I don't want to speculate on it. But there's a couple of things, as Mike said. When we announce something in the interest of consumers, it's a change on our behalf to the industry, from our standpoint. And we don't care how long it takes. We ultimately believe that the industry will move to these variables. And remember that this was not ETF payments for us. This was Contract Freedom. So when you take no contracts and the ability for people at the time to make decisions to move over, we have determined that's it. We will do it forever. Okay, so that's number one. Number two, what we've seen is most of our competitors' responses are still time-based, one-off responses to us as opposed to structural changes in the way they serve their customers, whether it was a, if you guys remember, a big touted, "We're going to pay x amount of dollars for anybody that wants to leave T-Mobile and come to us. Oh, we were only kidding you." It's a strange period where they can't believe that they can't just switch and change the environment. And a temporary ETF that's pulled off the table is going to hurt more in their statement to customers. And it also says that they can't figure out structurally the economics of how to make it work. So these are very positive signs for us, but ours will continue. And again, I think it's the -- if not -- if they don't change, it's the end of these plans, right? I mean, one of the things that we haven't talked about is, on the highest-usage devices that we have now, unlimited customers are pulling down over 5 gigs of data a month. And on average, it's about 3.6 gigs on an unlimited plan. So if you take those, along with the elimination of ETF payments, family plans are dead. And so it's only a matter of time. But the game hasn't played out, and you can continue to see us play in that space.
John J. Legere: Yes. As I said in some of my comments, this is the start of competition. And again, don't confuse yourselves. And you, of all people, would not be confused by this. The big are still the biggest. These are big, huge people who are probably calculating ways that they can protect their 55% and growing EBITDA margins and cede some share but not change the structure of their whole base in profitability because of the size of what they have. And they're probably playing the long game over 5 to 7 years' worth of spectrum aggregation and CapEx investment, et cetera, and believing that this is clearly a scale game. So as I sit here and look at the growth and momentum, there's a lot of questions that come up. When you play this game over 5 years or so, there are capital requirements and there are multiple ways to continue to play aggressively and to close the gap on the big guys. One of them, of course, that we've been very consistent on is that consolidation to create scale from several subscale players and to provide pooling of capital and pooling of scale and capability is one alternative. And I don't -- we've always said that we think, ultimately in the industry, it's a consolidation game that's a matter of when and not if. And again, that's not just amongst the 4 that you see. It's amongst multiple other tangential players that are sitting on the periphery of the industry looking in, who may want to play, and multiple players that are not seen, so whether it's cable industry, et cetera. So I guess, that's -- we've been consistent on that with no clear statement on timing. Otherwise, there are multiple paths that we need to look very hard at from the standpoint of the capital and the deployment. But when you're growing aggressively and profitably the way we are, we think the hand is a pretty good one to play. So consolidation is clearly...
John J. Legere: Again, consolidation is -- again, as a statement of providing scale and profitability, you can look at it at any point in time. Would consolidation be a positive for the environment now? Of course. Would it be a positive in 2 years from now? It depends upon the players and who they are from a standpoint of what you're looking at as the environment. So we don't -- I know the question, Walt, is leading towards questions about specific consolidation opportunities. And we don't have any comment on those ideas. We just know that our scale, our growth and our momentum could benefit from a significant scaling of the fixed assets and the capital that's required to continue to move. And we are very pleased with the kinds of competition we're able to put to the big guys. And consolidation is one way that we know we could continue to put it aggressively to them over time.
John J. Legere: Yes. I think, if they're happy with the way customers are migrating as of May 1, it's fine with me. I mean, I'm perfectly good with this. And these are not just Sprint customers coming. I mean, obviously, the Prime credit increase in the quality of our customers are because they are coming from the biggest of the big. And again, we're not talking about porting ratios. Yes, we've seen some response from them. But again, all I can say is, if they're comfortable with the way they are today, then let's go forward from here.
John J. Legere: Yes. Well, a couple of things. I think you've seen this and you've commented on it in some of what you've written. The meaning -- the most meaningful pricing changes in Q1 were really seen as AT&T changing their pricing envelope versus Verizon, right? I mean, I think that's really what took place. And that's the confusing move that has taken place between these guys, not us. And I think, with what we've done with consumers, when you look at Contract Freedom and anytime upgrade and international data roaming and Tablet Freedom, these people are not sitting there waiting for a $10 price reduction from AT&T. It's not going to happen. And I think that's the learning that they've had, that it's not just an old game of people sitting, looking for what's the cheapest by $0.02. They're a detested provider by these consumers, and it's going to take a lot more. And as I said, so far, it was a very aggressive quarter. But as you said, they put changes in, they took changes out. I think that does more to confuse each other. And the game really, I think, right now, is between AT&T and Verizon with each other. I don't think Sprint's really playing right now. And I think they are comfortable with that statement. And I think that will continue for a while. But I think we're pretty pleased exactly where we are.
John J. Legere: Yes. I appreciate the question. And again, this is a very complex series of things that can't be looked at in isolation. And I think Chairman Wheeler and the FCC have their hands full on multiple topics. And I think we have to be careful to confuse any individual topic at a time when the attempt is -- and when the Chairman came in, his speech on day 1 and before day 1 was competition, competition, competition. That's what he wants. And in order to have competition, you need to handle the spectrum questions and the auctions that are required. And so to try to simultaneously look at the number of competitors and consolidations and the auctions on a forward-looking basis is a very complicated set of decisions. And I think you have to look at them all at once. Like how do we look at the type of number of competitors that create the best competition in the industry and simultaneously keep stability so that we can set rules and have successful auctions and let spectrum not be the variable that causes competition to cease to exist? So I think I understand clearly what he's trying to do and the timing of each of the variables. And I think we have to respect and fall into his portfolio of how that's done. But I do believe, ultimately, these could all be handled in a way that's best for consumers, where you can have a fair look at consolidation and the number of competitors that provide the best competition and then an auction process and a use of that set of proceeds to get the best competitive long-term situation. So that's the way I look at it. And I don't think you can do any one in isolation without running the risk of forcing one decision to be made in the broader envelope. So I think that's -- respectfully, I think the FCC has their hands full. And I think we need to work with them on all these questions simultaneously.
John J. Legere: Well, I'll let Neville take that because he just woke up when you said the word network, and then I'll...
G. Michael Sievert: Yes, the only thing I would add is that, obviously, Q1 was a very competitive quarter. I mean, all of the major competitors had significant new news. There were pricing actions from both AT&T and Verizon. Sprint has a new initiative that they appear to be very proud of but which -- that which is hard to pronounce. And despite all of that, this was the quarter that T-Mobile delivered record growth. And as John said, porting ratios hit unforeseen levels. And so we haven't disclosed them. We think that they sort of distract from the main message and they hit such levels that it'd be hard to predict whether or not those levels would be sustainable. But it's important to see that T-Mobile is executing and outgrowing the competition in a time, a Q1 period, that was historically very, very competitive across all competitors.
G. Michael Sievert: Just quickly, the only thing I would add is that in contrast to what John and Braxton just said, there are plenty of cynics out there, including our competitors, that would tried to convince you that what we're doing is buying growth in an uneconomic way. And what I think we're hearing from both John and Braxton is that the opposite is true. What we're really doing is bringing in the highest-quality customers in our history at a marginal cost from the Un-carrier 4.0 that's a little bit higher as well but far outweighed by things like superior credit class, superior data attach, higher ARPUs, a more Prime credit -- higher EIP attach on these customers as well, which forecasts better churn profiles on them. So we're really, really pleased with the economic system that we have going right now from the Un-carrier moves. These are high-quality customers, so they're going to have great returns.
G. Michael Sievert: Yes. I think just to amplify that, our competitors are relying on this tablet growth, which is a less valuable subscriber in terms of revenues per gigabytes consumed, just to get to 0 on their postpaid net adds or maybe to the first 100,000. And so they're leaning in on that because it's all they've got. Our Un-carrier movement has been systematic since the beginning about focusing on the biggest problems in the biggest space of the industry, and that's smartphones. And we've spent the last year focused on solving consumers in that high-value segment of the industry. And I think the results speak for themselves. But as John said, we're finally coming around to tablets. And we got started only in the fourth quarter. That was when we launched the iPad. That's the significant tablet play. And so we're brand-new with this. Our fourth quarter push was very interesting. But what was much more interesting was Operation Tablet Freedom, launched 2 weeks ago. So you'll have to stay tuned to see how that goes. But you should hear from us some confidence and some excitement about the tablet space.
G. Michael Sievert: Yes, I think -- look, I mean, there's a lot of potential for us in the rest of this year. But we don't know what all the rest of the moves from our competitors are going to be. And we'll have to see what happens. But the thing to know from us is we tackle the opportunity one quarter at a time. As Braxton said, we see huge opportunity going forward from Un-carrier 4.0, which, to answer your question, that ETF offer, it's not a promotion. When we launch something with an Un-carrier label on it, that's a commitment to a structural change in the value proposition. We're against contracts. We ended them a year ago for our own new customers. We ended them for the industry in January. And we're going to keep that offer going as long as there are a significant number of customers trapped in contracts in this industry.
G. Michael Sievert: I would just add, there's some truth to what they're saying, and we should all agree that it's probably not sustainable for us to expect to be able to maintain those 17:1 porting ratios we saw at some periods during the quarter.
G. Michael Sievert: Well, you saw us make some pretty significant moves early in Q2. And that's what you've seen us do all through the Un-carrier movement. You've seen us stay ahead of the competition, stay ahead -- set the pace, set the tone of what's being talked about and be unconfused and unresponsive to what they're doing and be focused on solving customer problems. That's worked incredibly well for us since we started Un-carrier. The other guys are responding to us, and you can see how effective they're being at doing that just by looking at all the numbers in Q1.
