Martin Schroeter: Sure, thanks, Katy. A few things. As we noted, in the call because of the late nature we don't expect it to have a profound impact in 2015. Now we'll see obviously we have a range in our guidance as you know so we'll see where we finish and if we were to start at a lower point in terms of transactional content coming out of 2015 then there would be an early year impact I would call it but at this point, as you said it's a bit early to call guidance and then we've got 12 months next year to figure out what the macro environment and what the sales cycle looks like, so it is too early to decide if that has a meaningful impact on next year. And as we go into next year, then we also have a tax impact potentially next year, we're working through cash taxes now so there may be a small cash tax impacted if not the same magnitude as it was in 2014, but there may be a small cash tax impact. And then we have some things that are going our way. We've been quite efficient at improving our sales cycle working capital this year again and we think there's some momentum there. We also will wrap on the divestiture of our System x business in the first half of next year which was a headwind in this year’s cash flow. So there are a few headwinds and tailwinds which we'll be able to better describe as we get into next year but it's too early to declare that this particular element is going to be an impact next year.
Martin Schroeter: Okay, well we've -- I think I've gotten all of the questions in so let me try to address them, Toni because there's a lot in there and let me try to address them kind of piece-by-piece. So, we put our guidance in place for 2015 back in January and we said that the trajectory -- the difference between the high and the low was primarily the software trajectory and as we talked about in our prepared remarks and we came out of third we've given the trajectory we would have said we're pointed right at that 15.75 level, but we did observe some longer sales cycle-times particularly in software which we think it's prudent to reflect that experience in our updated guidance, along with what we put in our prepared remarks around transitioning our GBS business into these new areas. By the way, that transformation which I would characterize is well under way is going well. It's just not going at the speed we'd like it to go. So, we know we have to drive that a bit harder. When we get to next year, a few comments I think that's important and you brought up currency and I think currency is an important discussion, so we have -- in the third quarter results, we have a pretty substantial headwind from -- in the revenue line and quite a substantial EPS impact in currency in the third quarter. And in fact, when we look at the fourth, there is still a significant impact in the fourth quarter in currency. So, if we look at the high end and the low end of our guidance and just in the context of currency, at the low end of guidance, EPS at this level would be down 11% and at the high end it's down about 3%. The currency impact within that in the low end is about half of the year and I'm going to put that now in context of next year because I think it's important. At the low end of guidance, we would actually be growing EPS and that is as we transform the business and we've ramped up our investment. So, yes, currency is clearly an impact. We don't know when the currency environment will be different. But as we head into next year, what's really important from a currency impact, yes, there will at least at this point based on where the spots are today, there will be an additional impact because we will wrap on hedges, but importantly, we are not losing competitiveness in the marketplace because of currency. We have a global delivery platform that allows us to make sure we can be competitive in our services business and we have a high margin strategy which allows us to make sure we can be competitive in local marketplaces for our hardware and software. Now that translation impact or the effect of having that high value and being able to maintain your competitiveness is this issue around how it translates back to profit. And as I mentioned earlier, the impact this year is pretty profound and I would expect that we'll have a currency impact next year that we'll start to talk about when we see where the spots are in January when we provide guidance. So, in the context of -- again ex-currency or ex-currency, ex-divestitures, revenues down about one for the year so far we'll see where we finish fourth quarter, margins have been expanding and again we'll see where we are for the -- in the fourth, but I would expect margins will expand for the full year and with a currency kind of defining anywhere from half to more than the year-to-year EPS decline, then I think this transformation is making very solid progress and as you said yes, the investments we're making are driving that strategic imperative growth and we're pleased with those results and it's the right thing for us to do to keep these investment levels high.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, Tien-tsin. So, it is -- as you said, it is a labor-based business and it's important that everyone I think recognize that in the labor-based business particularly when you have the kind of deep client relationships and you're doing the important kind of work that our clients rely on us it's a business that takes time to shift. So, when we look at that GBS business today, there is absolutely a high value strategy for this business and when we look at the strategic in imperatives and we look at the margins we're getting on that part of the business in GBS, they are actually higher than the average GBS business and as you know, we announced the creation of the first Cognitive Consulting Group for the enterprise and that's another example of us moving where we see tremendous amount of value, so we will transition this business. I don't know that I'd characterize where in the process we are. I can say that within our guidance, at the low end, we've not assumed a dramatic improvement and at the high end, we would assume that we make a bit more progress, but we aren't counting or relying on dramatic improvement in the GBS business at this level of guidance. But again, it is a business that where we get to the other side and we do see high value. It is has a lot of appeal and quite frankly it's what part of what differentiates us in the marketplace. We bring a lot of industry skill into our clients' environments and that's done through GBS, so we're going to keep driving that transformation, we're going to keep remixing those skills, we’re going to keep that team focused on moving where the high value is and again, Cognitive like I said is a good example of that.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, Brian. Thanks, so a couple things and we've talked for the last year or so about the large client impact if you will within our transactional software business and remember the transactional part of our software business is only about 30% of the total, but it does have a profound impact on the trajectory of that business. And in the third quarter as you saw, we printed down three for the segment, we were down three in the second, so no real change to the trajectory and that's the way I'd characterize also that large client activity. No dramatic change in trajectory between second and third quarter and the phenomenon continues. We continue to provide our clients with flexibility for them to deploy the broadest possible part of the IBM portfolio and I think that's the right thing to do. We think that's the right thing to do and we think it's a way to keep our clients moving toward the future of hybrid. Within the month if you will, I think we'll have to see how the quarter plays out, but there are I think two important elements to keep in mind. One, enterprise technology as you know is a very complex area, so our clients are dealing in very complex environments and they're asking us to help them get to hybrid which means we have to embed our as a service content into the structures they already have and that includes not only the technical aspects of that, but there are business aspects to doing that as well and how they can align their consumption patterns to the way we are able to contract with them. So, there's complexity in the environment, that's a technology statement as well as a business statement and unfortunately, I guess the reality is that not every one of those discussions aligns really, really well with a 90-day reporting period. And at the same time, the other thing to keep in mind is that every CIO, every enterprise is dealing with its own environment and it would be too soon to tell how that plays out for the quarter, but I do think there is always a reality that our CIOs and others are dealing with around how they navigate their own circumstances. So, we'll see how the quarter plays out.
Martin Schroeter: Steve, sure. A couple things. So we had very good cloud performance again in our business and now this is up 50% in the third quarter on trajectory to be up more than 60 on a year-to-date basis and when we look at the content that we're signing in the new deals for instance we just announced Etihad Airways, we just -- we saw that the elements of those, the things that Etihad is looking for us to do is to bring them into the cloud, so a big component of that is that services element moving into the cloud. They are also asking, by the way, to help us build a mobile platform that will scale with them and have the global presence they need and that's not dissimilar to what we're seeing in the Lufthansa contracts and the EVRY contract that we just signed. So, within services we're seeing very good performance, but as you know, not only do we have an as a service business that performed pretty well. We also do a lot of on-prem work where our clients want the agility if you will of the cloud, but their economics suggest that they are better off if they build it themselves. And so we have a pretty big private cloud business and they build those on our hardware and software content. So, clearly there's some element of the premier Z-platform and the power platform that's sitting within that cloud business. But the hardware performance within the overall trajectory is not having a profound impact on the growth rates. It really is the software business and the services business that's driving the bulk of that growth.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, so Keith a few things. So, first, we will I think address -- we should address operating systems. Operating systems are about a point headwind to us now and quite frankly, I don't think that point headwind is going to go away in the near-term. In fact we have some of our models suggest it's sort of ever present if you will, so on a segment basis, I think we'll be dealing with a one point headwind from our operating system business. Now, it will round up to a point. Right now it rounds down to a point, so it's a bigger impact now than it will be, but I think that it's safe to model that business as sort of an ongoing headwind. That's a pretty small part of the business by the way. So, if we take that part of the system, of the software out and we just talk about the recurring nature of the software business and as I mentioned earlier on a question about 70%, now that includes the operating system, but 70% of our software business is that annuity kind of structure, so think of it as our SAS portfolio which is showing terrific growth rates, but we've got to drive more content into that SAS platform. Now, that's also by the way newer kind of content for us and so it's a new space and so even though the GP in that area is a little bit lower than what we see in our on-prem business because it's net new content, it's accretive to our margins overall at the IBM level. So we've got a SAS business that sits within that 70%. We have our monthly license charge business which is the bulk of both our mainframe software as well as our distributed platform software. Remember our software runs across all platforms and so we've got a pretty powerful monthly license charge business across our hardware platforms and others hardware platforms that's really driving the bulk of the software revenue. There is a subscription support part of this in the software business as well but you put those all those together again ex Operating Systems because it is a long term headwind we see the rest of those are all growing. That part of the business grows and then in the transactional side as we talked about with Brian a few moments ago, the large client transactional business is being impacted by the consumption if you will and the flexibility we're providing our clients. Outside the large clients on a year-to-date basis the transactional business is also growing. It's just that it's kind of overshadowed at this point by the larger transactional business, so as we move into 16’, similar to the prior discussions on 16’, we're a bit early to talk about where we are going to be here but our software business I guess what we do know about the software business is one, small headwind from the Operating Systems. We know that our SAS portfolio will both continue to grow and continue to expand so that will be a positive and we know that we've got some momentum in other parts of the business across our MLC space and across on a year-to-date base -- again getting our software into smaller clients. Clients who haven't absorbed it all I should say, and so I think again we'll see where we go into 2016 but this is not a business that has the characteristics of some long secular decline in it. It is actually made up of a few piece only one of which I think has a long term secular decline and that's a small part it's that Operating System piece. 
Martin Schroeter: You know, it's a good question, David, and it is one that we think about not from the perspective of size or scale because as you know, we're not trying to be the largest of something. What we are though is trying to be the highest value, so as we move to value, that has, that plays a large influence in how we think about deploying capital and where we think about putting our dollars to work and so at this point, when we look at our businesses and the way they work together and I would argue that the world is moving more toward bringing solutions together in front of a client. The world is working moving more toward having industry expertise that can apply across a pretty broad platform. We see each of the elements that we have today bringing or adding to that context and so even in businesses where we know we're in transition like our storage business, you know, we said as we said in the prepared remarks our demand is moving to our flash products which is terrific, the right thing to do for our clients and our business is moving to the software side of storage. That's high value and at the same time, while our acquisition of Cleversafe is really about the cloud, it will also help dramatically our storage business as we put objects storage technologies into our storage business, so that makes that part of the business relevant to the way the world's going in cloud. The future in storage is flash. It's software and it's cloud capable if you will which means object store so what I didn't say in there was we want to be the biggest in storage for instance because we're again on a high value model and you can look across our business and across our segments and we do have that perspective of where we do we think the value is going to be, not is so much of what's going to be the biggest element of that. 
Martin Schroeter: So sure, James and welcome to the call. I think you just picked up coverage on us so welcome to the call. On our GBS business as I noted earlier, we do see where we're making the shift to the most contemporary areas, and digitizing for instance our client’s front offices. We're seeing terrific results. Now they are overshadowed at this point by some of the price pressure we're seeing in other areas of the market but it really is on us here to shift those resources as we can free them up from doing the work they are doing for our clients. This is not a business that is in long term secular decline. This is a business that relies on us to drive the shift as quickly as possible and I think when you have a business that is so powerful in our clients with such industry expertise that it gives you two things it gives you the visibility to how powerful that model can be but it also says that it's going to take a little while, so some of this is clearly the pricing environment we're in. I don't think that no there is any reason we shouldn't be able to shift this business and again, the results we see when we do shift are better margins and we see a real ability to influence and to lead our clients into new areas so those are pretty powerful part of our overall model and it is really up to us to keep driving that transformation but it's a big labor based business so it's going to take some time. 
Martin Schroeter: Sure thanks, Maynard. So on storage I think this is the most we've talked about storage by the way on this call in over a year but I'm glad because this is an important part of the business and we see a lot of opportunity in storage. The storage environment and the pricing environment that we were noting in terms of pressure is really in that high end spinning disc environment, so I don't see that changing dramatically given the industry landscape. In fact our view has been continues to be that the faster we can move to flash and the faster we can continue to build out our high value software defined storage platforms, and we've had some pretty exciting announcements this year as you know, the sooner we'll see a return to growth in storage. Now as I noted the storage market is being, is part of the cloud and part of the future of cloud but it’s got to be around objects store because that plays such a critical role in the kinds of use cases that clouds are using, so we'll take as I mentioned the Cleversafe technologies and embed it within our storage, so when we look at the future of the storage business we see terrific growth in flash up again more than 50% in each of the last three quarters, so all this year. We introduced as I mentioned spectrum software which is around our software storage product and we’ve also announced intentions to continue to invest and to drive our investment where we're seeing those returns and those look quite positive and then as I mentioned the other part of our strategy here is to be I have a more cloud-based offering and that means hybrid and that for us means Cleversafe and embedding our objects store so a lot of price pressure and the spinning disc business but there is a future in storage and it's all about flash. It's all about software defined and it's all about object store.
Martin Schroeter: Well I think I heard the question. You cut out at the end but I'll answer what I think you asked so first of all, boy, I'd love to assume a static currency environment. I'd be thrilled and we know that's not true so we'll be facing a currency headwind over at least the next nine or 10 months but that wasn't your question. Your question was around how do we wrap and what do we look like, how do we wrap on the mainframe and what do we look like when we come out of the next few quarters and I think a few things we'll have to see how the year plays out in terms of what eventuates from this weaker transactional performance we saw right at the end of the quarter. It's too soon at this point to determine if this is something that's going to persist all the way through the fourth or it's going to persist into the first we don't know. That's why we gave a range by the way because as we head into the fourth quarter which is as you know our largest transactional quarter, that phenomenon against the much larger transactional quarter says that it's prudent to guide the way we did. Now we will wrap on a mainframe cycle at some point, but the mainframe cycle is not going to have a profound impact on the overall IBM. It does have obviously it does provide a good bit of revenue tailwind when we're in that cycle but remember that the margins start to expand in the mainframe business as we get toward the later parts of the cycle, so we'll see how we put together 2016 based on how we come out of this year but our guidance right now reflects at the low end a slowdown if you will in the revenue trajectory on a year-to-year basis and the high end reflects a slight improvement so in the trajectory so again, too soon to tell how this plays out for next year.
Martin Schroeter: Let me make a few final comments to wrap up the call. So as we've been talking about on these calls frequently, we are going through a significant transformation and where we've been investing we've been driving tremendous growth and that obviously gives us tremendous confidence that the strategy is right. The offerings we're delivering into that marketplace are right on and resonating with customers and we're seeing returns. Now as everyone knows, some of the investments we're making have much longer tails, so we're investing heavily in Watson. We're investing heavily in Watson Health. Those returns aren't even in our revenue streams yet but they are the right things to do because those have tremendous futures to them. Within the current transformation though we're also improving margins as we continue to manage the portfolio and we're expanding margins on what year-to-date has been a fairly stable revenue base and that also includes some pretty aggressive investments that we think is important to drive and as I mentioned we're seeing results so we want to keep driving those investments but we also did say from the beginning of this that it would take time and we also said that we're going to manage for the long term and we're confident in our strategy and confident we're on track to get to the long term trajectory. So thanks again for joining us today. 
