Mark Loughridge: Okay. That's a great question, Toni. Let's start with performance. I mean, in the first quarter, you did see, in fact, that we did have an acceleration of performance in our Services business. I mean, overall, revenue for our Services business was up 1% in total. Our Outsourcing business was up 2%. We had 1% increase in our transaction business. In fact, Outsourcing, the actual rates was up 7%. So we did see the acceleration that we had discussed. Now let's break this into its components. Let's start with Outsourcing. Now first of all, let's acknowledge the fact that Outsourcing in the fourth quarter was up a very strong 25%. In fact, in total, we signed in the fourth quarter $22 billion. So on the Outsourcing business, I think it's quite logical to anticipate that we'd be rebuilding the pipeline in the first quarter. And in fact, that base of business in the fourth quarter with the growth rate that we have, that's our seasonally largest quarter and a very strong performance. So that's driving a lot of what you see in our Outsourcing revenue performance. We characterized this in the last call by saying it was more logical on this base of business to look at backlog. And in that call, we showed the backlog runout, which we've included in the supplementals. Now in the backlog runout, we said that base backlog runout would drive 85% of our Outsourcing revenue performance for the year. And in fact, we said that, that rollout was up 3% in the backlog. In fact, that came right through as we had discussed. The balance of 15% in the Outsourcing business is really driven by base growth. And this signings content in the year on the Outsourcing content really has very little to yield within the -- in that calendar year. That's why backlog is fundamentally a more important metric. That yield from our base account, you look at that growth in our Strategic Outsourcing business, it was up 19% in the fourth quarter for the first time in a long time. And again, in the first quarter, we had very strong growth in our base business at 11% for Strategic Outsourcing. So if you look at that content and the stability of that overall backlog, again, first quarter was $142 billion, and at actual rates, that's up $8 billion year-to-year. We've got a strong base of business going into the year. There will be volatility, especially in that Outsourcing component in signings. But the better metric, I think, and the way we characterize our comments and I think it came through in the quarter to demonstrate that that's fundamentally a better metric, is backlog did yield on revenue growth. And if you look at that overall Outsourcing business, I think we did pretty well. When you look at the transactional business, transactional business in the quarter was impacted by public sector. Now public sector, I think you had all realized, is driven by the events that we're all reading in the newspaper. So let's just airlift public sector out of the transactional revenue and signings. And there you'd see that our transactional business, in fact, was up about healthy mid-single digits in both revenue and signings performance, not inconsistent with the kind of actual rate performance that we saw in the fourth quarter. Going into the balance of the year, we expect to have good yield against the pipeline that we see and the ongoing stability in our backlog driving the Outsourcing business. Funny thing -- fundamentally, when you step back again and say, "What's our objective," our objective is to move to higher value offerings in higher value solutions across the business unit. And I think you saw that in our Services business, with profitability in Services up 13% in total and GBS, a very strong 19%, while our GTS business was up 10%.
Mark Loughridge: Yes. When we look at the pipeline going forward in our Services business, we see good year-to-year performance in the pipeline. And then when you look at kind of other in the -- from an industry dimension behind that, let's look at growth markets. I mean the GMU content -- remember, for Outsourcing signings was up 250% in the fourth quarter. That's an enormous year-to-year growth rate as we see these big opportunities open up in the growth markets element of our business. This quarter, signings once again were up more than 100%, so doubling year-to-year. So we do see the Outsourcing business, especially the Strategic Outsourcing content, opening up in a big way in growth markets. And we're looking at that trend not unlike the trend that we see in other parts of our business. So growth market, a very solid base growing quite substantially in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter as we see more and more business migrate to that growth market envelope. The second thing that I would comment on, the real business and the real job of our Services business is to drive performance in those key growth investments that we have covered for the last 2 analyst meetings. So how did we do on the base of business? Well, if you look at Smarter Planet, Smarter Planet was up 20%. Let's look at Business Analytics. Business Analytics as well was up 20%. Within GBS, GBS supporting Business Analytics was up 32%. So you could see that momentum in those key areas. If you look at our GTS business driving the cloud investment, we saw cloud up 5x, and we feel pretty confident that that's on track to double this year. And if we double this year, that's the kind of trend line we need to generate $7 billion in cloud by 2015, of which 3 will be incremental. And lastly, I can't say enough about GMU. Here we are, GMU in the growth markets content outpacing major markets again by 9 points; coming off of 2008 with an 8-point premium; 2009, again, 8-points faster; 2010, 10 points faster; and another confirmation in that data point in the first quarter.
Mark Loughridge: Well, that's a very good question, Katy. We're quite focused on driving that acquisition element of our overall game plan. As we went through analyst day, we had pointed out that we expected within the 2015 roadmap to spend about $20 billion on acquisitions. Now that will not be a straight line. It's not going to be a kind of linear relationship. Those acquisitions are key business investments for us. And the #1 metric we're looking for is when we do the acquisition, we want our cash back. It's very simple. The Chairman's emphasized that, and we make sure that's our primary metric. As far as our ability to drive that acquisition envelope, we did very, very well this quarter on our acquisition base. And you remember that we did $6.5 billion last year. That was 17 acquisitions. So for me, looking at it, that was a very good proof point on our ability to integrate a number of acquisitions simultaneously. And very few businesses, I think, could integrate that many acquisitions. You have to have a very large well-trained team to be able to do that, and they accomplish it with real commitment. So we did a large base of business in the 2010 calendar year: $6.5 billion, 17 acquisitions. As we said in the analyst day, that relatively put us ahead of pace going into the 5-year period for 2015. In fact, just analytically, we would only need about 1/2 of that $20 billion to hit the financial objective we had from acquisitions. So I believe that as we go through this and go through the 2015 roadmap, I would anticipate that we'd stay on that $20 billion objective. And with that, we should be able to overachieve our financial objectives from acquisitions.
Mark Loughridge: Well, thanks, Ben. That's a good question. First of all, when you talk about Japan, I want to take it in steps. Now #1, all of our employees are safe, and that's certainly our #1 priority. Number 2, our infrastructure content within the geography is also in very good shape. I mean, if you look at the impact that we had on infrastructure, the damage was about $20 million, which is a very low level of impact. Number 3, if you look at the supply chain, our supply chain is in very good shape. Frankly, most parts today are dual sourced, so you're not dependent on just one line. But we were not impacted in the quarter based on supply chain impact, and I don't expect that will have any appreciable impact going forward. So then you do come back to the point looking at the Services profile. About 3/4 of the business in Japan is Services. Services -- as we've seen over the past 3 years, when we took the entire corporation through the recession, Services tend to be more stable in those kind of turbulent times. And I think we expect to see that in Japan as well. In the profile in Japan, as you go from the trajectory they were on for January and February into March, March eroded about 1%. So we did see some erosion, but it wasn't a lot of erosion. And that 1% erosion on the kind of magnitude of corporation I think is easily absorbed by the business. I'd also point out one other thing. When you look at Japan's performance in the quarter, they were also negatively impacted by about 2 points based on the PLM compare. There was a lot of PLM business in the country of Japan. Going forward, they won't have that issue in their compares. So relatively, they'll have about a 2-point tailwind compared to the first quarter on their business. So as I look at it, I don't see anything in the performance in Japan that we should have difficulty dealing with as we go through the year, but we're going to have to keep a close eye on it and see how it plays out. Now I do want to close out with our comments on Japan and commend our employees in Japan for their courageous performance in these difficult times and the terrific performance they did supporting our customers.
Mark Loughridge: Okay. Well, let's take those in turn. First of all, both zSeries and pSeries picked up 4 points a share. And for the pSeries business, that's our 12th consecutive share gain that we had in that business. As well I'll point out that we had 19% growth in our pSeries this quarter, and as we estimated, the UNIX business had about 8%. So given that we have over 40% share in that business, if you just do the math, you could kind of conclude that we had -- we drove in IBM the majority of the revenue growth in the UNIX business. So for us, I see real opportunity to continue this rate of performance on our pSeries base of business. And if you look at pSeries, it's not only a really strong platform in the major markets, it's very strong in the growth markets. When you look at those growth market placements, they've done very, very well as we expand that base of business. zSeries, likewise, did well in growth markets and major markets this quarter and should have ongoing growth potential, especially in the growth market. Now to your point on our product cycle, I think on the zSeries product cycle, this year will be a strong year for us. It will be driven more by box placement and customer acceptances. Next year will be driven more by upgrades. As we get to the fourth quarter, I do expect that the zSeries will now wrap on a very strong quarter last year. But I'd point out that STG had a terrific quarter across every one of their product lines. And I really think it's only zSeries that I would expect to ramp as we go into the fourth quarter. The balance of the businesses, I think, have very healthy prospects throughout the year.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. When you look at that business against my comments, excluding PLM, we had a 10% growth in the quarter. The Key Branded Middleware was up 16%. Good profit growth on that base, up 9%. So I think once again, we had a very strong quarter from our software base of business, especially if you go down the brands within that. I mean, WebSphere up 51%; Information Management, up 13%; Tivoli, up 8%; Rational, up 5%. I mean, good strong performance across that content. But as you look at the second quarter and look at the pipeline in the second quarter, we've got a very robust pipeline growing double digits year-to-year in the second quarter across our business and even stronger in our large deal base and large account content to drive that transactional performance. So I feel like we had a strong quarter in the first for our Software business. And based on the pipeline we see for the transactional elements of our Software business, we should have another good quarter in the second.
Mark Loughridge: Well, when you look at the components, first of all, I want to take transactional performance as a whole. We did have difficulty in public sector. But if you snap public sector out of the transactional performance, then we had mid-single digit growth in our transactional signings and mid-single digit growth in our transactional revenue. Now underneath that, I think ITS did much better as it went into the first quarter. You saw that they had a revenue growth of 4%. Behind that, they had good signing performance, so I expect them to be in an improving trajectory as we go through the year. Excluding the impact of public sector, I think overall, transactional business did well. But I think also, bottom line, when you look at the key elements of our growth plays, we did well in Smarter Planet. We did very well in Business Analytics. And bottom line, as we move into those higher value spaces, those were an element of growing our profitability in GBS by 19% and GTS by 10%. And that is the bottom line objective.
Mark Loughridge: Well, when you look at the overall performance on both PTI and net income for IBM as a whole, we are up 0.6 point on both. Now on net income, as we've gone through at the analyst meeting, the model for net income is about 0.3 point. So clearly, we had a very strong performance in the quarter, about double the yield that we think we need over the longer term in the base business. A solid player in that contribution was, in fact, as you point out, Services. That in total was up 0.9 point on PTI margin, with GTS up about 0.5 point and GBS 1.5 points. Now if you look at that incremental advantage, that was driven by strong operational performance in the business unit and the attention we're putting on moving to higher value contracts, higher value spaces, globalizing our infrastructure for better productivity. And I think we saw yield in the quarter, and we're going to continue to drive that metric for the year.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Let's go back, and let's talk about the Outsourcing business to begin with. Again, I would refer you to the bar chart that we put in the supplementals. If you look at that bar chart, you'll say well, what are the big drivers of the revenue within the year as we move through 2011? The biggest driver is the backlog that we entered the year with, and that's going to drive about 85% of the revenue performance in the year. As we did the rollout of that backlog, we said, well, the rollout itself is up about 3%. The balance of 15% is going to be driven, again, not by signings, which can be quite volatile across period, but it's to be driven by base growth performance. And that base growth performance, especially in our SO content, was up 19% in the fourth quarter. It's up 11% in the first quarter. And if we get those 2, we should be able to sustain a pretty good outsourcing growth in revenue throughout the year. Again, on the transactional side, I would say that once again, acknowledge that we were having difficulty in public sector. But outside of public sector, we had mid-single digit performance at both signings and revenue and again, at the bottom line in GBS, 19% profit growth.
Mark Loughridge: Well, let's put that in the -- first of all, we dealt with the weakness in the public sector content in signings this quarter, and you saw the yield against revenue this quarter. So I think we – though it’s -- the public sector impact on the signings revenue base can be a large part of the GBS business, it isn't going to be the difference maker in the overall IBM base of business. When you look at it and step back further and just look at the sectors across the business, I mean, we did have 1% growth in revenue at actual rates for public sector, and that is about 15% of our business. But on the other hand, Financial Services sector was up 14%. General Business was up 10%. And those are by far the largest sector performances that we have. So I feel as if looking at this, we are prepared to be able to deal with over a longer term kind of a basis. It can be a big deal to GBS. I think it is easily managed by the overall IBM Corporation and the strength that we see in other sectors.  So let me just make a few comments to wrap up the call. This quarter, we delivered very strong revenue and profit. Our revenue growth of 8% was driven by our transactional business and Outsourcing, which was up 7%. We had fantastic performance across our growth initiatives: Smarter Planet, up 20%; Business Analytics, up 20%; cloud, up by a factor of 5; and our growth market countries up 12%, 9 points faster than the major markets, continuing the trend we saw in 2008, 2009 and 2010. We expanded margins 60 basis points each in operating PTI and net income and delivered 21% growth in operating EPS. That's the best growth in more than 2 years, and it's on the back of 16% growth last year. So we're exiting the first quarter with a lot going for us: a strong Systems portfolio, a good pipeline in Software, solid Services backlog, momentum in all our key growth plays and ongoing productivity initiatives, as well as a very strong balance sheet. And I think all of this supports an increase of $0.15 to our expectation for the year and puts us on a good track for the trend line to $20 in 2015 with an outlook for the year of at least $13.15.  So thanks for joining us. And now, as always, it's back to work.
