Martin Schroeter: Okay, thanks Katy. A couple of things, on tax when we look at, as I in the prepared remarks, we do see tax as a headwind year-to-year, but remember we had last year a $1 billion, we won a tax case in Japan, so over $1 billion, which was in last year. That drives, by the way the bulk of the year-to-year headwind. On a rate basis we finished this year we said 18 plus or minus 2, and we finished kind of at the bottom end of that range for the full year on an operating base obviously with on all in base with that Japan benefit from the first quarter and there it’s much lower, but we finished at the bottom end of that range. When we look at 2017, as I said in the prepared remarks all the scenarios point to a headwind. We’re right now thinking it’s about 15 plus or minus 3, and the reason we widened the range is because we are getting ready for tax reform here in the U.S. We don’t know yet what that looks like, we read the same things you do, but we are going to start now to prepare for tax reform, so we’ve widened the range this year to 15 plus or minus 3. That doesn’t have discretes in it. On IP income as we said a number times we are trying to rebuild that base of business, it’s always been part of our income stream, it is a business where we’ve now had fair bit of success in rebuilding it and while we’re not relying on a big growth year-to-year, we do have in that particular line. A lot of this is already done quite frankly because we have these agreements in place that pay us royalties. And then we have a pretty good pool of opportunities that could get this back to again the same level that we printed this year. Again we’re not relying on that to within our guidance. Within our guidance I’d say we could be down year-to-year little bit. But again a lot of this is already done and we have a good pool of opportunities to drive IP again for what will be what 18 or 19 years of doing this. So we got, I think, a pretty good track record. And then on Watson, Watson is in and you can see it in the Solutions Software business which accelerated. Again Watson, our Solutions Software is what’s being – or Watson is what’s driving that. Now Watson is a silver thread, it runs through the platform, it runs through Watson Health, it runs through Watson IoT, it’s in security now, right Watson is embedded in security. And as we announced at the end of last year at Watson Financial Services, we will now embed the regulatory expertise of Promontory into Watson, so Watson will be part of that Financial Services industry solution content as well. So Watson is firmly, firmly established as the silver thread that runs through those cognitive solutions and you can see all of that in the solution software performance.
Martin Schroeter: No, I mean. Thanks, Wamsi. I guess the way I look at free cash flow conversion. As you know we guide on a conversion metric. But we see free cash flow basically flat year-to-year in 2017, not down. Now again, we give a range and that’s consistent with the model we have of being north of 90%, 90% to 100%. But we see free cash flow for the year to be flat. Now within that, as you know again we got our money back from Japan last year when we won our tax case so we’ve got that as a headwind. And within that and we’ll overcome that with the rest of the operations. But the other side of this is, we also holding if you will an ability to grow our capital investments within that flat as well. So it was not I mean you shouldn’t interpret that 90% is down, we see free cash flow flat with a tax headwind which will overcome and room to grow CapEx.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, thanks. Okay, sure. So on cognitive solutions, its been a year that you really have to go back to understand where we finished in the fourth. And I’m going to talk specifically about the fourth in a moment but you have to go back to what we’ve been talking about within cognitive solutions all year. So in the first quarter we saw the steepest year-to-year decline in margins, driven by a heavily by our investments – heavily by our need to remix our skills. And also by we had acquisitions and while currency was a big headwind in dollars for us last year was also an impact to our margin. So as we progressed through the year when we get the fourth. On a gross profit margin basis we were down about three points which I would put in currency and acquisitions is all of that three. And so on a PTI margin basis in the fourth we were down about less about half, little bit less than half about 1.4 points. And within that again currency and acquisitions drove three points so everything else in cognitive solutions within the PTI margin. The mix of the annuity business the ramp of our as-a-service business, the benefit we get from our licensing our IP and the offsetting royalties that are coming. And everything else improved operating PTI margin in the fourth quarter. And so what you saw in 2016 in cognitive segment margins on PTI was an operating margin that went up pretty dramatically as we went quarter-to-quarter like 17 points, right from first all the way to fourth. And next year, I don’t know when currency is going to ramp but we do know it’s much less of a headwind next year than it was this year at least at current rates. And we also know that we ramp on the acquisitions. So those things that have dragged us dragged our margins down are starting to go away and while gross profit. We don’t see that I don’t see that deteriorating by three points like it did in the fourth anymore. And in fact PTI margins I think are much, much more stable going forward, which is what we’re assuming. Now they don’t have to be flat, we’re still going to drive our as-a-service performance we are going to continue to drive these IP deals, which throw a little bit of royalty into the GP stream but I see a much improved cognitive segment PTI margin from what we experienced in the fourth. And again you saw in the fourth we ramped on our heavy investment levels here as well.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. Thanks Tien-tsin. So there are some really important benefits here as we align kind of the legal and the capital structure of our financing business that just by itself will drive pretty substantial operational benefits. It gives us better capital structure flexibility in each of the countries in which IGF operates. IGF by the way doesn’t operate in 172 like all of IBM does its more like 45 but it allows for better capital structure in that more limited set of countries in which they operate. It gives us better efficiency of cash allocation. So what – we are really doing here as we are taking the interest earning part of IGF, the client financing and the commercial financing, we put those into a subsidiary. We will provide – be providing more information externally. So you can see everyone can see what the capacity for them to borrow and that’s really the borrowing capacity of IGF the remarketing business does not support a borrowing capacity its a very high margin, it’s a very high return but the interest bearing portion of IGF is really what supports the debt.  And so we’re going to issue debt directly out of that entity. It’ll allow us to add $600 million or so of debt because that portfolio was high enough quality that it can run at higher leverage. That’s by the way more consistent with what we see in other entities of this nature. So we’ll run it slightly higher leverage that will improve the ROE, that will free up basically some equity if you will that we have in IGF it will free up some equity in mainline. But it’s not a change to necessary to the overall debt levels it’s really a change to IGF and its efficiency the operational benefits we get and our ability then to pull a little bit of capital out of idea. But also manage it better in which in the countries in which it operates. But again importantly the segment that you see won’t change. So this really is a change in how we access the capital markets externally.
Martin Schroeter: Okay, sure. Thanks Toni. So a couple of things when we entered 2016 as I said earlier on a prior question, we said tax would be 18 plus or minus two and we came in again at the bottom of the range. And so now when we look at tax, yes, we had $1 billion improvement from Japan, which we are not – obviously we’re not going to win another tax case in Japan by the way. But we do have discrete this year. When we look at where we finished, we finished at the bottom of that range. And as I said with us going into now 2015 into 2017 at a 15 rate plus or minus three we have to overcome if you will the headwind from the Japan. But we’re going to as we plan for tax reform we don’t see a fundamentally different operating tax picture than we saw last year in our I&E. We saw an inflection point it’s probably you know maybe that’s the right way to think about it. We saw an inflection point in intellectual property income this year. And I can tell you that yes, we see an inflection point in profitability our PTI we expect to improve that’s embedded within our earnings. So we saw an inflection point in IP income but then you get to the engineer and you want to take it all out. So that we hit an inflection point in IP last year, we did better than we had the prior year. And it’s always been a part of our model and again we see while it may not continue exactly we’re not relying on all of that for the year. We will have IP income a substantial amount of IP income as we always have for the last I don’t know 18, 19 years you have the history as well. So we do see an inflection point in our margin profile remember that we have gotten a lot done this year in terms of getting margins stabilized. We see that for instance in our infrastructure services business which drew margins for the year. We did get wrapped if you will on the higher levels of investment and spending and you see that in our cognitive solutions and I talked about that earlier. So and you see it on in our E2R [ph] performance on SG&A for instance in the fourth quarter alone. So as we get into now – as we get into 2017 and all of the work we got done plus we’ve got a better base on which our as-a-service margins are still continuing to grow because we’re not where we wants to be yet but we did improve throughout the year. We have a momentum if you will in our cognitive solutions business and again those are high value. And we’ll get all the – whatever savings if we have from workforce rebalancing both as we continue to remix our workforce. So yes, I am saying that PTI margin and PTI growth this year is what is implied in our guidance now with the tax headwind it doesn’t translate as much to EPS growth but we do see the inflection points in parts of our business and including our margin profile.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. Thanks, Lou. So the dynamics in GBS were similar to what we talked about in prior quarters we said a couple of things. One we are continuing to remix their skills and while we have a good performance in our strategic imperatives and that those digitized offerings. We still do have a pretty large book of business that’s in our part of the marketplace that has very heavy price pressure as all of us are competing to get kind of that foothold if you will or competing for certain kinds of opportunities and some of these accounts. So we’ve got price pressure in parts of the business and again we’re remixing our skills which as we said will have an impact the shorter term impact on productivity. Now shorter term we invest in businesses for a long, long periods of time. So I don’t define shorter term is every 90 days. Although this business this business should start to improve when we – as we’ve talked about last time when we see a couple of things. So the backlog in GBS is down and so our first focus has to be to take the skills we’re building and get a good signings, a good consistent signings performance in order to grow the backlog once you grow the backlog then obviously you deliver in an efficient and effective way. And you start to improve your margins and we still view GBS is being able to get that done in fact. We’d say we will grow signings in the first quarter this year. So maybe we’ll start that position now but we still see this business and these skills at such a key differentiator in the marketplace that. We’re unwilling if you will to reduce our capacity or our capabilities in the marketplace. We really this is the third leg if you will between cognitive and a robust cloud. Industry skills are going to – what brings it all together so GBS is in a similar dynamic. I do think will grow signings in the first which will be the start to having that business improve. But it’s going to take a little while longer to get through these same dynamics, our remixing skills and moving our skills away from these heavily priced pressured opportunities.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. Thanks Brian. So a couple of things, we have is as we always, do we have a bunch of scenarios on how a year might fold out, roll out, right. So I would say that as you pointed out PTI margin expansion is in every scenario. That’s evidenced by the fact that profit is growing, it’s implied to grow with the tax headwind and then EPS obviously with a little bit of growth. So PTI margin growth is in each of the scenarios. GP margin is not necessarily required for us to grow PTI margin and that’s for a couple. Now I’m not saying that peak that GP is necessarily going to go down but we can maintain our GP margins, we can even erode a little bit if we want to accelerate our move into as-a-service even faster. As you saw we had very good growth in our – as-a-service business in the fourth. Overall those margins are below our IBM margin, so there’s a little bit of margin pressure as you make that shift, but we can deliver 2017 push as-a-service margins it’s really hard either maintain or you can even contract GP margins a little bit and still grow PTI margins given that we’ve ramped on, again this heavy level of investment and we’ve gotten a lot done on structure both the overall IBM structure, the infrastructure of what runs IBM, as well as each of the business have taken another good look at structure. So from a segment perspective we saw good performance in our global technology services business. When you look at the infrastructure services piece growth and margins for the full year and I’d say that we can see opportunity to continue to grow margins there. The technical support services, the TSS business is where the margin pressure was in 2016, but I think we have a way to stabilize that margin performance, a very much is a mix shift from as we drive the multi vendor services business in TSS. So margin improvements in the infrastructure services business I see relatively flat profit margins and systems. Now we’re coming off of a high point in the mainframe. At the end of the cycle margins tend to be higher. As you go into a new cycle they tend to be a little bit lower. But we also have an opportunity to improve in the other businesses. So systems margins relatively flat and we see again an opportunity to improve margins in GBS. As we get some of the work that I’ve described they are done and get kind of the power to shift through the way, we can see improvements in GBS. And I talked earlier about cognitive solutions, so I won’t cover that again. So again PTI we do see growing. GP not necessarily, we don’t need GP to grow in order to produce PTI margin growth.
Martin Schroeter: Okay. Well, that’s a lot there Steve. So first on the workforce rebalancing savings, we said for last year, for 2016 that we would see a bit more than $500 million and we absolutely got that. And we said we would free up then $2 billion of total spend, some of which will get reinvested, some of which will go to the bottom line. You saw from our view of 2017 now that we’ve ramped, we’re not obviously reinvesting all of that although we ramped on our higher levels of spending, so obviously some of that’s going to wind up in the profit. And with mid single-digit profit growth it’s a fair bit drives that profit growth in 2017. In the innings, you know what, IBM is always transforming. So I don’t know how to pick an inning other than to say that we have established a few years ago, we established this idea that the strategic imperatives were the path for revenue growth to resume and those continue to grow quite well. Then last year we changed the segment structure and said, look, we’re going to now report not only more detail on the strategic imperatives, but we’re going to talk to you about cognitive solutions which has all the Watson content. We’re going to talk to you about a cloud platform business and we’re going to talk to you obviously about the industry dimension. And so that part of the transformation continuous and I don’t think that that transformation of IBM ever ends quite frankly. We are back now as we put in our guidance; we are back to our model level of pre-tax income growth as we have in our model right now. Now if you say that pre-tax income growth – if for the model – achieving the model is the definition of when the transformation is done, then I’d say that we see that this year for pre-tax income. Now we’ve got a lot of other elements of our financial model as well. We’ve been returning cash to our shareholders consistently, we have generated our free cash flow as a percentage of our net income has been on model. So we’ve had a number of elements that are on model. Pre-tax income growth I think is a good one that says this structure, the strategy is working and it will drive the financial model we set out to achieve, at least on the pre-tax income growth which had been missing.
Martin Schroeter: Sure Joe. So, we said a few years ago that strategic imperatives would be $40 billion and 40% by 2018 and as you just saw we finished 2016 when they’re 41%. So obviously we made the mix piece of this early. But from here if we grow, say, 10% to 11% we get to 40% by 2018. And so with such a substantial part now of our business at $30 billion plus with such a substantial part of our business to grow that at that continued double-digit says that we have the right offerings in the right spaces with the right skills to deliver them and they are robust powerful solutions. And so we see that kind of growth in order to get to the 40%. We still think we’re quite confident; we’re ahead actually of track, but we’re quite confident in getting to the 40% still. The core business or the rest of the business if you will is always has a few components in it. One, at our very core, remember, that we are delivering productivity to our clients, and so they use that that productivity that we deliver to reinvest. And as we said before that’s the dynamic you see in our revenue stream. We deliver productivity through parts of our business and they reinvest and that’s how you get the revenue dynamic that we have. The core was down double-digit two years ago and down 9% in the fourth, if you do the math roughly down 9%. And when we get into this year, I’d say that we’ll see a kind of a similar dynamic but that’s what we are – that’s what is sort of embedded within our guidance for 2017. So continued good performance in strategic imperatives, continued focus on delivering productivity for our clients and we’ll have that revenue dynamic into 2017.
Martin Schroeter: Okay. So when you say we were down on a constant currency basis, we were down 70 basis points in the fourth. So I think we are reasonably close in the third. Yes, this is the structure we are in. And we are focused on driving value in those strategic imperatives not just grabbing a little bit of revenue to have some math work out differently. And our margins in the strategic imperatives continue to be higher than overall IBM and higher obviously than the core, so our focus on delivering value hasn’t changed. And whenever that crossover point happens to be, yes, we’re already close. So when you say wouldn’t it imply, yes, we’re close, we were close in the fourth. But we’re focused on delivering value, and for 2017 we’re focused on obviously PTI margin expansion.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. So, yes, I mean, we – if you follow a mainframe cycle then it would say sometime late this year we’d have another mainframe. But again, we wouldn’t see the impact of that until late in the year. What drives the mainframe as it always has is our ability to make it relevant to the workloads that our clients need. So when we were together when we announced the last mainframe, and two years ago we talked a lot about this shift to mobile. We talked a lot about security. We talked within those two elements and there’s a lot more to it. But within those two elements we talked about how the mainframe was built particularly with those two kinds of workloads in mind and that drove the growth we saw in the mainframe through the cycle. That’s still by the way part of the growth we see in the mainframe and it’s still why – that’s why big enterprises continue to put their most important work on mainframes. Now the set of workloads that are going to drive the next incantation of the mainframe are going to be things like Blockchain, and so all of that is still ahead of us. We added and we said in the prepared remarks, we added a number of new clients throughout the cycle but we added more again in the fourth quarter as well. And while I haven’t talked to every one of them, I think what they’re thinking, what many of them are thinking is yes, I need mobile, and yes, security is more important than ever, but I also need to be ready for the next workload drivers. And Blockchain is a good example of a workload driver that is ideally suited for the most robust enterprise platform there is. So I think that if I had to pick just one that drives the mainframe is Blockchain. It would be my first top of my list for what drives the next mainframe cycle. So let me wrap up the call by saying again that we’re really pleased with the progress we made in 2016 and how we’re positioned for 2017. Of course there’s plenty for us to work on, we’re not confused by that. But we are looking forward to continuing this dialogue at our investor briefing later in the quarter. So with that, thank you for joining the call.
