Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah. Wamsi, thanks for the question. Just to add to Arvind’s point here right up front about the composition of our portfolio. Now today’s new IBM, that composition being much more skewed towards growth vectors, Software and Consulting, and our solid recurring revenue base that offers us on any economic shocks and I think that’s what you are referencing, Wamsi, in -- if you look at past economic shocks overall. But to your question about free cash flow, let me spend a minute on free cash flow and just give you a perspective and unpack it a little. We are maintaining our guidance at $10 billion to $10.5 billion for 2022. Again, I will remind everyone that’s an all-in free cash flow consistent with IBM’s post-separation baseline and consistent with our mid-term model of a cumulative about $35 billion over the next three years. That basically is growing north of $2 billion of free cash flow in 2022. We started out the first quarter. We delivered $1.24 billion in free cash flow. That’s about 12% attained. And by the way, that’s pretty consistent with where we have been, arguably prior to the last three years, four years, we were in the high-single digits. So we are off to a pretty good start. Now, I spent time last quarter talking about headwinds and tailwinds. On the tailwinds side, we talked about, hang on, we are doing some technical difficulties here. Thank you very much. Hopefully that is better and you can hear me. I am going through headwinds and tailwinds on free cash flow overall. When you look at free cash flow, we talked 90 days ago. We have got tailwinds on remaining about $0.5 billion of structural actions in 2022. We have got about $0.5 billion of working capital efficiency, given our Mainframe cycle and volume dynamics. And we have got a couple $100 million with regards to modest cash tax tailwinds overall. The rest of that $2-plus billion of free cash flow generation has to come from operating profit.  Now, when you look at the first quarter, many of those tailwinds are all in front of us. Our operating profit, that’s the acceleration in revenue, and operating margin by segments, that will continue as we move forward as part of our guidance. Our working capital actually was a use of cash in the first quarter as we prudently built up our inventory position just given the supply chain disruption going on in the marketplace. We secured our supply for the anticipated z16 and we also got most of our structural actions behind us. So we have got a lot of tailwinds going forward that gives us confidence in that $10 billion to 10.5 billion. And the only headwind which we called out in our prepared remarks is the unfortunate situation with regards to the war in Ukraine and we quantified that overall.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Toni, I will try to handle each one of those. Maybe I will start with the last one first and then go backwards, if it’s okay with you. Thanks for the question. So, healthcare, yes, as we talked about 90 days ago, we still expect to close on the Watson Health divestiture late in the second quarter. It is embedded in our forward-looking guidance. As you know, it is now consistent with what we have been doing with all divestitures. It is now in our Other segment. By the way, history has been restated, so our Software segment and our Other segment are apples-to-apples year-to-year with regards to this. We do expect the lost profit in the second half and the lost revenue, but we do expect a modest gain in the second quarter and we will utilize that gain to address stranded costs. So it’s embedded in our guidance. No impact to second quarter. But obviously we are dealing with the lost revenue top line in the second half, and in light of that, we still took up our guidance to the high-mid single-digit overall. It is -- in our free cash flow, there’s no impact to that overall either. So on operating margins, you asked about 280 basis points. Yes, we are very pleased with our performance, solid start to the year, progress more to do, as Arvind and I have always said. This is a journey. We have given a mid-term model. You all understand our mid-term model. But let me put the profit margin contribution in perspective, because, yes, as we have been transparent both in revenue, and by the way in free cash flow, because our free cash flow is a post-IBM separation baseline, we have got to grow $2-plus billion of free cash flow. Both of those normalize out Kyndryl. But let’s talk about the Kyndryl contribution, because you are right, the pretax income and pretax margin there’s a benefit from the Kyndryl sales. And there’s also -- I am getting an echo. Hopefully we can take care of the technical difficulty. The echo sounds like it went away. But when you take a look at the topline revenue growth, we grew IBM overall 11% at constant currency, all-in. We said within that constant currency, about a little over 5 points is due to the Kyndryl external sales. So call that about 50% of our contribution of growth came from Kyndryl and about 50% of our contribution came from our broader client segments overall. IBM grew revenue in the first quarter by $1 billion externally from last year. So about $500 million of Kyndryl contribution give or take round numbers and about $500 million from our broader set of clients. You apply standard margins, because as you can all appreciate for competitive commercial reasons, we are not going to give exact profitability of any client overall. But if you apply standard margins against that, you get against our $500 million of profit contribution, you get about two-thirds of it coming from Kyndryl sales and about one-third of it coming from IBM. And I will remind you we are on the back end of a very successful Mainframe cycle. And that back end, we were down a couple hundred million in infrastructure profit. So growing IBM both with incremental sales of Kyndryl and with our broader client base on the back end of a Mainframe product cycle, we are pretty pleased with the operating leverage we see in our business and that gives us the confidence in that free cash flow guidance of $10 billion to $10.5 billion.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah. I would just add, Arvind. Erik, thank you very much for the question. Software is obviously an integral part to our hybrid cloud platform-centric thesis overall and Arvind went through the portfolio and the dynamics, but let me add some of the KPIs to that. So it gives you some of the fundamentals underneath the pervasive growth across Red Hat at 21%, automation at 5%, data and AI growing 4% and security with a nice rebound delivering return on the new innovation we brought to market. But when you look underneath it, our Hybrid Platform & Solution, our growth vector, which is about 75% of our Software segment, nice growth double digits overall. Underneath that, we have got an ARR, now a subscription book of business about $13 billion, that is now accelerating, growing 9% overall from an ARR perspective. We have seen nice acceleration in Cloud Pak portfolio underneath that, with a flywheel effect. We are getting NRRs that are north of 100%, I think this quarter it was about 105%. So we have had now three or four consecutive quarters of that flywheel effect. And we are seeing strong renewals across the early parts of our ELA cycle, which is just beginning and that strong renewal is leading to a record deferred income balance north of $11 billion right now and growing nicely. So we feel pretty good about our Software portfolio, a lot of execution in front of us, though.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah. Thanks, Kyle. Arvind, I will take this one overall. Kyle, great question. I mean, we are obviously operating in an environment of accelerated demand in the Consulting space and I think you see we are capitalizing on that. And we have been talking about this since the second half when we were looking at all of our indicators across the portfolio and our enterprise clients, we saw a pretty robust demand environment and we made a conscious strategy to invest in building out skills capabilities, ecosystem partnerships. And we started if you remember beginning of 2021 investing significantly in acquisitions to build out scale for our hybrid cloud adoption overall. Now, you couple that with the highly inflationary environment right now that we started seeing play out in the latter half of 2021 and we said at that point in time that when you couple the investments we have been making, which is conscious, to build that capability, because Consulting. As I have always said, is the tip of the spear that provides tremendous value in pulling IBM technology and driving scale and adoption of our hybrid cloud platform that you couple that with the inflationary environment, you are seeing the pressure on our gross margins. Now, I will tell you, let me try to quantify a little bit of this. When you look at our gross margins, we were down about 350 basis points in Consulting. Arguably off the toughest compare that we will face in 2022. The compares get easier. So we will acknowledge that right off the bat. Number two, when you look at the inflationary environment, we have been seeing within that 350 basis points about 150 basis points is due to the accelerating cost of talent acquisition. The remaining 2 points or so is about a point of acquisition, which as you know, as you get ramp and scale, those become very quick accretive. We expect that to be accretive as we get into latter half of second quarter and into third quarter. And then we have been investing, when we saw that robust demand environment, we invested a significant amount of capability and capacity. In the early innings of that, you have underutilization. We knew that. That’s why we had to get after our G&A structure to optimize and streamline, by the way, reinventing IBM through automation, digitization, everything our clients are doing, we have been doing inside IBM. That’s been mitigating the profit impact overall. So I think you will start seeing improvement as we get into third quarter. But we will make sequential improvement here in the second quarter overall. But I will tell you again gross margin improvement will turn accretive in third quarter and the second half, but in a pretax operating margin, we have guided to approaching 10%. That’s up a couple points. We will see that improvement throughout the year.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah. Why don’t I address that? Thank you, David, for the question overall. When you take a look at the Consulting margin, let’s just take a step back and mark it in to your point. The competitive benchmark right now I would say is probably low- to mid-teens. We are not going to be a pure-play industry, excuse me, India Consulting-based company that has a very different value proposition. But if you look at some of the peers that we benchmark, you are in the low- to mid-teens. We have talked about our mid-term model. Now, that mid-term model as we put out aligns to an integrated IBM thesis of hybrid cloud as a platform-centric business built on the foundation of Red Hat. GBS or excuse me, Consulting has an integral role of not only being a pure-play competitor, but they play a very essential role in driving the scale and adoption of our Software portfolio and also pulling through our Technology. And by the way, we have talked many times about how well they are doing in building up a Red Hat practice. I think inception to date, about a $4.5 billion book of business on top of our hybrid cloud platform-centric thesis and they drive about depending on any quarter, 20% to 30% to 40% of our Cloud Paks. But we talked about our mid-term model that we would get in the low double-digit margin range. That is a three-year picture. So I think we have already given that. At high single-digit revenue growth, the investments we are going to make, the integrated value it delivers IBM, you take that high single-digit revenue growth, you take low double-digit approach into the low teens, we are in a competitive playing field and it’s an integral part of IBM that drives that software portfolio and that profit. So we feel pretty comfortable that that mid-term model answers your question.
Jim Kavanaugh: And I will just wrap it up, Jim. Thank you very much for the question. Mainframe is obviously an essential element of our innovation and value strategy overall. We operate the Mainframe as a platform-centric model. So on top of that Mainframe, we have mission-critical software as you know quite well. We have storage, high-end attach. We have maintenance that goes to it. When you look at the z15 cycle, we actually, it’s the first time in a few cycles our profitability of that stack is actually increased really due to where Arvind ended, which is the most successful are ship MIPS cycle that we have ever had from a program. Our installed MIPS capacity now is up over 45% from the prior programs. We have got roughly about $80 million MIPS that are out there today. That’s our opportunity set to deliver tremendous value to our clients, but also monetize that value in many different ways. But you touched on some and I just want to wrap up, because I want to talk a little bit about how Mainframe plays into second quarter and in the summary in the prepared remarks, we talked about the high level of second quarter. But when you look at second quarter from a topline revenue perspective, Mainframe is going to have a major contribution in the historical quarter-to-quarter.  If I look at it from a history of the last three years, we typically do about $900 million of revenue quarter-to-quarter, 1Q to 2Q, all in. And by the way, that excludes the Kyndryl component of this. But when you take a look at this year, we expect 2Q to be a couple hundred million dollars above that historical quarter-to-quarter of $900 million. So call it about $1.1 billion, a little bit more.  Underneath that, Mainframe is going to be a substantial contributor to that. Albeit shipped late in second quarter and also that underlying fundamental business performance is offsetting, as I said in prepared remarks, the continued dollar strengthening, so currency versus history will be a hurt against that. So we will more than offset that currency and that dollar strengthening with a better than historical 2Q revenue compare and Mainframe is going to be a very big piece of it. So Arvind, let me turn it back over to you then.
Arvind Krishna: Hi, Amit. Let me begin by answering the question on both pieces. So if you look at it, we have always said, our model for acquisition contribution has typically between a point to point-and-a-half for the year and so that remains steady in that range. We don’t really look at that as coming up yet. I will take it certainly if it gets above that, but that is not the case. So what we are seeing right now is strong demand on what you would call the organic part of the portfolio and we can see that in the Software portfolio, we can see that in the strong Red Hat growth. Consulting is largely, by the way, organic growth that is driving it, because we printed 13% of actuals, 17% at constant currency and only a few points of that was acquired growth. So I will say much more organic than acquired. Acquired is in the range that we have called out before. So when you talk about Europe, Jim quantified, certainly Russia is direct and we quantified its impact in direct terms, that $300 million we don’t really expect to see this year at all. Now, when we look at overall growth in Europe, we are still seeing and it is likely because we are in much more I will call it mission-critical applications, we have much more in fundamental transformations at our clients and with the focus on financial volumes, on critical systems, on telecoms, utilities, healthcare, government, we tend to see that right now the demand profile in Europe is staying strong and so we are not seeing at least at this point that demand profile coming down.  As things go on, that could evolve. As I have said before, it’s our jobs to be concerned about all of these things and we have been watching them very carefully. But with our book-to-bill ratios in Consulting, which is kind of a leading edge, we see right now that the demand profile is continuing and has not slowed down at this point.
Arvind Krishna: Yeah. So, Erik, this is Arvind. Let me start with addressing some of these and Jim will help with some of the precise quantification. So if you look at this overall contribution that you are going through in all of these, let me first address the Kyndryl piece, because that may be in some of your -- behind some of your questions. The Kyndryl contribution was largely in our Mainframe Software segment in the TPP segment. So I will put it there and there we pointed it out. I think 28% of the 31% comes from Kyndryl. Probably as an absolute amount, we expect that to stay going into next year, but obviously, it won’t contribute to growth going forward after this October. Now, as we look at some of the others, a lot of it comes down to the focus and nimbleness in which we are now operating the company, where we have a Technology segment and a Consulting segment. I believe that that is what contributed. Certainly there was demand in the market for security because you asked that question. But the nimbleness and the focus of our teams now allows us to go fulfill that demand and that is why you saw that growth rate come up by 7% to 8% between the fourth quarter, just looking at quarter-to-quarter dynamics. Then when you look at Red Hat, I think, the execution was very good. But Red Hat has been in the upper teens and that is where we expect it to keep performing for the rest of this year and that speaks to both the quality of the portfolio and the demand that’s in the market. Of course, we always have to keep executing against that demand. So I think no real puts and takes in there in these three. Now when we come to the data and AI and automation, I do believe that with some of the acquisitions we did last year and being able to fulfill the demand against those that led to the second half of last year having an accelerated growth rate in automation. And we do expect it to remain within our model. Our model calls for mid single-digit growth in both automation and data and AI. That said, let me just tell you that my instinct from listening to our clients, from seeing what they want to do and from looking at all of the shifts happening in demographics, meaning tech skills are very hard to get, I anticipate that for the market at large, there will be more and more demand in both in automation and in AI. Now the execution is on us to go fulfill against that demand.
Arvind Krishna: Yeah. So, Brian, thank you for the question. And it is one that we think a lot about and we talk a lot to our clients about to understand where they are. So if you look at the makeup of our Consulting portfolio and that is we have very little of what I would call the Infrastructure Services. Those all went with Kyndryl. So what we have left is helping clients, and Jim, talked about the very high growth rates with some of our ecosystem partners, that is Consulting around topics like Salesforce and Adobe and public Clouds. Even in difficult environments, we believe that the adoption of those platforms is going to continue with all of our clients. Second, as we look at digitization, so digitization is not just taking something and coloring -- just coloring it and making it digital. But if we look at it as being one of the primary ways to address the labor demographics issue, meaning the shortage of high skill labor that is there pretty much globally, then we believe that that actually continues even in a difficult environment, because it gives our clients a way to go address that. If I take, for example, airline scheduling, if you take re-booking of passengers, if I take quote to cash, where you cut across all of the silos, if I take much more real-time impact of revenue and omnichannel, these are all examples of our Consulting projects, which we see carrying on even through a difficult environment. So when I look at that that tells me there’s a sustainability and durability. I don’t see the number of trained people and experts coming up suddenly, and so consequently, I think, that because of that, because there is a shortage of technical talent in the world, it will continue to go well even in a constrained economic. But, Brian, let me acknowledge. When I say constrained, I mean, if we enter what I will call a mild recession or a quick recession. If you get something deep and sustained, I will put my comments a little bit to the side and we will have to then go look at that again. But I think that, because of the makeup of our portfolio, I think, it will actually fare quite well.
Arvind Krishna: So, Jim, let me start with answering your question on the capabilities of Mainframe driving growth in Mainframe and then ask Jim to address the profitability side. So if I look at the demand side on Mainframe, a lot of our clients are seeing additional volumes, because Mainframe serves really well as a system of record as that transactional engine that helps drive our clients’ business. If there is volatility in the markets, if there is 10%, 20%, 30% volume increases, which we are sensing many of our clients see, that is the primary driver of growth. And the second driver of growth where we talked about resiliency is everybody is now wanting to be 24x7 and because of all of the issues around not just resiliency due to physical issues or software errors, but also because of cyber, people are much more concerned, and that drives additional capacity if people want to make sure that there is a working copy of their application and data set available at some other place and that is why you heard us talk about that. Then, as the volumes go up, we know that there is always an indication of fraud that can go up. And because of the fraud, we embedded AI into the processor, so you can now make your fraud decision in line with the transaction decision. And you can imagine whether it’s processing credit cards, whether it’s moving money, all of those capabilities are going to drive that. So if I pack all of that and then unpack it, Jim, I will tell you that we saw over the last three years more growth and better adoption of Mainframe than we have seen in prior cycles. We expect from early signals that we are going to see that continue over the next couple of years. That said, we have got to go out and execute. We have got to make sure that our clients actually are able to quickly deploy these applications that they use and that will allow us to grow the Mainframe over this coming cycle as well.
Arvind Krishna: All right. Thanks, Jim. Let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the call. Our performance this quarter reflects the actions we have been taking. We have strengthened our portfolio, we are leveraging our ecosystem and we are streamlining our business. While I acknowledge there is always more to do, we are pleased with the start to the year and I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon.
