Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks, Wamsi. I appreciate the question overall. Very important. You know, if you take a step back, you know, we continue to be very pleased with our transaction processing performance overall. You know, if you dial back to when we laid out our mid-term model, we said we converted this to a growth vector, low-single-digit overall. And if you look at the last couple of years, we've been averaging mid-single-digit or better overall. We shifted this now to a growth contributor. And why is that important? One, high source of profit and cash, the fund investment flexibility; and two, it provides a very solid incumbency base for the IBM or multiplier effect. But if you take a look at it, we are capitalizing on the strength that we've seen over the last three programs of our mainframe cycle. It's really instantiating the enduring value of that platform. Our MIPS over the last few programs are up three times from an installed perspective and over 80% of our clients are growing MIPS on the mainframe. I think that was a very different picture when you dial back five, seven years ago already. So, we've taken that portfolio. We've invested now significantly, which I'll come to around watsonx Code Assistant for Z, but we've taken that from a down mid-single-digit portfolio to now capitalizing on the stack economics of our mainframe, execution and move that to low-single-digit. Now for the year, as you heard, we are taking up our guidance just given the strength of first half to mid-single-digit. You know, when you get into 2025, we'll talk about our guidance going forward, but we feel very confident that we can continue growing this and that's why we're investing in bringing out new capabilities like watsonx Code Assistant for Z, which is resonating extremely well.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks Toni for the question. Just building on what Arvind said. I mean, first of all, we're very pleased with the early momentum that we've gotten with our book of business around GenAI, both on the technology side with our watsonx platform and now with our open innovation strategy around RHEL AI, OpenShift Granite model's InstructLab, etc. But let's just deep -- dive a little deeper into your question about Consulting, because I think when you look at Consulting, first of all, why is it so important right now in a early part of a cycle? It's important because it's got to establish IBM Consulting as the strategic provider of choice for enterprises as they're going through what we'd like to call digital transformation 2.0 with GenAI. Everyone is looking for who is going to be their strategic provider and partner. And I think $1.5 billion over $1.5 billion book of business in the first 12 months, which by the way is in excess of the ramp we saw play out with hybrid cloud and Red Hat, we're off to a pretty good start. Now, to Arvind's point, you know, in every technology shift, very different dynamics between a Human Capital based business and a product IP business. Human Capital based business, we do see and we expected clients will shift and reprioritize spending. They're doing that now as they're driving large enterprise transformation projects, which is what our portfolio has been able to capture, and that's why you see nice acceleration in growth in our backlog up healthy at 5%. But to Arvind's point, we do think once you get through the early cycle, this is an incremental expansion of TAM that drives a long-tail growth vector over time that has multiplier opportunities for us. So when you look at our consulting book of business, let's dive into the sub-segments, you see business transformation services, which a lot of the GenAI plays out too early right now. That is how do you transform the way you operate HR, finance, supply-chain. We've doubled and accelerated our growth quarter-to-quarter. What you're seeing is a reprioritization and dynamic spending decisions by clients because our AO, where we have a lot of short-term discretionary staff augmentation work, there's a lot of trade-offs between those two. So, it's important for us strategically with our client base, but I think you see how it plays out. Now, just to wrap up the full picture, Software, I think is fundamentally different. Our software book of business now $0.5 billion through the first 12 months. I think inception-to-date right now, we're about two-thirds of subscription, SaaS, one-third perpetual. I think that's contributing nicely about a point of growth. And by the way, that's one of the two components of why we took our software up for the year. So, I think that's predominantly all lift.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks Arvind and thanks Amit for the question overall. You know, let's put this in perspective, right? You go back 90 days ago, how did we see the year kind of playing out with Consulting? We said at that point in time, we had backlog growing nicely mid-single-digit, albeit we did talk about durations going up because large scale transformations were really where the spend was moving to. But we had a solid book-to-bill trailing 12 months over 1.15. We had GenAI momentum that was going to continue throughout the year early in the cycle. We had strategic partnerships, Red Hat growth profile, and we had future acquisitions as we're going to continue to be opportunistic around our M&A criteria and the synergistic value of how consulting plays to our portfolio. If you look right now, 90 days later, as we look to the second-half, many of those are still playing out. You got GenAI, which arguably were above our own expectations, right now doubling, by the way, in Consulting, our GenAI book of business quarter-to-quarter, strategic partnerships, especially hyperscalers, Red Hat still growing nicely. What you're seeing, you know, at the end of the day, those are large scale transformations, lower yield, that's why Arvind and I are saying these are longer-term growth vectors and tails that will play out into '25, '26 and beyond as we get that strategic provider of choice. But in the interim, what you're seeing is that spending reprioritization around short-term discretionary that I think, you know, everyone in the industry is talking about. We're all dealing with this. The key is we have to win that strategic provider of choice in GenAI. And I would argue we're off to a great start. You look at competitor numbers overall, we got $1.5 billion over $1.5 billion book of business doubling quarter-to-quarter right now. I think we're in pretty good shape. That's what we're focused on because that will provide the future revenue multiplier effect as we move forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Hey, Ben, thank you. Appreciate it. Very good question overall. But let's take a step back on your first part of the question around free cash flow. Yes, we're very pleased with the start of the year. Free cash flow of $4.5 billion, up $1.1 billion year-to-year, 4 points above historical attainment. It's our largest first half free cash flow generation as far back as I can go and count. So, we're off to a pretty good start and that gives us the confidence overall of how we're positioning second-half. But the second half and why we took the guidance up is entirely driven by the strength of the fundamentals of our business and flowing through the adjusted EBITDA overachievement. So, read that, although we don't guide on EPS, the strong overachievement of the $0.25 of EPS, we're flowing that through to adjusted EBITDA and that flows through to our guide take-up on free cash flow. The rest of the free cash flow dynamics we've been talking about all year long around, yes, we got benefits of change in retirement plans and cash tax that's going to be a headwind and other balance sheet items, none of that changes. One thing I will bring up and we said in the prepared remarks, but just so there's absolute clarity, we do expect to close the Palo Alto transaction here in the third quarter around certain assets of our QRadar business that will obviously generate a gain. We're excited about the new strategic relationship between our two great companies overall, but we will take structural actions to offset that gain to address stranded cost. And oh, by the way, to your second part of your question, to accelerate our productivity initiatives in 2025, so you get the HashiCorp. First of all, the strategic transaction stands on its -- on its own. Arvind went through our M&A criteria. I think there's a very compelling strategic fit around an end-to-end leadership hybrid cloud platform. There's a lot of synergistic value both on product technology and go-to-market, but there's a very attractive financial profile that we talked about 90 days ago, higher revenue growth profile, adjusted EBITDA accretive in 12 months, free cash flow accretive to Arvind's point by two years. And we do see potential significant near-term cost in operating synergies that lead to about a 30% to 40% free cash flow margin business over a handful of years. Now, when you look at dilution, we understand dilution. I mean, M&A has been an integral part of our financial model for decades. So, underneath that, we understand the purchase growth of those transactions, the synergies of those transactions, the balance sheet capital structure implications of those. And with all that said, our model is to grow mid-single-digit revenue and grow operating leverage so we grow free cash flow quicker than revenue. We don't see that changing in 2025. We see growth profiles around revenue, around operating leverage and around free cash flow overall. And that speaks to the diversity or diversification, I should say, of our business model around productivity. We entered the year, raised it to $3 billion. We're getting out ahead of that again and you see that play out in our margins through the first-half, what, up 180 basis points on pre-tax. So, we've got many levers to deal with this overall. We know how to handle it.
Arvind Krishna: Hi. So Amit, let me just start and maybe address the second part of your question first and then. I actually do not believe there's any secular macro trend around weakness. I think that this is temporal based on a number of factors we have. The geopolitical uncertainty has gone longer than most people expected and that weighs into people's heads about what that might happen. And specifically, the war in Europe as well as the war in the Middle-East. Second, inflation has gone longer than people expected, which has the unfortunate consequence of higher interest rates and that begins to bear on people. If I look at those two altogether and that then at the moment you have higher interest rates and inflation, you have wage inflation, which does impact the bottom-line of our clients. You put all of that into perspective and is this going to go on for another six months? Likely. Is it going to go on for another year? I'm not so sure, but we got to get through the second half to be able to go there. So, that is why we are optimistic about the medium-term and long-term vector on Consulting. And as Jim answered in the prior question, we do see that this is going to become a tailwind over time, at least for us. Now, in the short-term for the next six months, we do think it holds up a little bit. In terms of answering the specifics and sort of decomposing some of the numbers that you laid out in the first part of your question, I'm going to turn that over to Jim.
Arvind Krishna: Hey, Jim, great question and thank you for asking this. Look, on overall M&A, I just want to begin with that our strategy has not changed. We are -- we are disciplined and we are focused. By focused, I mean we stick to the areas that we are investing in hybrid cloud and artificial intelligence. And by discipline, I mean it has to be not just aligned to our strategy, but we expect synergy from the acquisition, especially the multiples are higher as you pointed out and it has to be accretive to free cash flow if it's larger, definitely within two years at the outer end of the range. So having said that, if I look at it right now, we have HashiCorp out there. So, we got to get through that. We expect that to happen in the second-half of this year. We just finished StreamSets and webMethods and we've done a couple of smaller ones in the Consulting space and in other technology tuck-ins.
Arvind Krishna: What do we see going into this space? Our valuations rich, they're reasonably rich. They're not outrageous, I would say, like they had become in parts of late 2020 and 2021. So, I would say that they are more reasonable than then, but they're richer than they were about 18 months ago. There are different dynamics in both the public and the private markets. Public markets are quite variable. I mean, as we can see, some of the multiples and if you look at multiple to revenue, which is not a great metric, let me just acknowledge that, but it is one that's out there. If you look at six, seven, eight, maybe nine or 10 times, we can see our way there for a large deal as long as we have sufficient synergy. Now, for very small deals, that's not even a fair multiple. Very small deals are all about technology and people. In the private markets, we were very pleased with what we got done on StreamSets and webMethods. I would call that a private market deal, not a public market deal. And there, I think it all depends upon what's the property, what is its growth profile, what is the attractiveness of it to the seller versus the buyer, in this case us, all of that play into those multiples. I do expect that on the private side, valuations will be slightly less, but then the risk of going public or some other exit is also taken away. And in some sense, you get a discount for taking that risk off the table. For people who are venture-backed, that's different. They are looking at IPO versus a strategic exit and those are different multiples. But putting all of that together, we remain in the market and M&A is an important part of our growth methodology. We maintain a strong balance sheet for that purpose and we've kind of been clear of that. All that said, this year, we got a big one coming. So, we want to wait and get that done because part of the discipline is also making sure that we kind of digest them at the right rate and pace and put them into our global go-to-market distribution engine.
Arvind Krishna: Great question, Erik. So, let's just look at the Red Hat business in terms of how the dynamics function between our clients and ourselves. So, clients come in and create demand, we fulfill that. That shows up as bookings, not as revenue because the Red Hat business model is a pure consumption business model. Clients pay for what they're consuming and so the bookings then play out. Now, those bookings are a signal of further demand and typically they're anywhere from one-year to three-year worth of revenue that the client is pre-committing to. So, when we enter a year, about half the revenue, we can look at the bookings of the previous year and say that that gives us. The other half has to come over the quarter. Now that we have a year, not longer, but a year of the double-digit demand that you're talking about, if I remember right, it was 14%, 17%, 14%, 20% in terms of those demands. Now that full-year is there, that points to that for the portion that we can see, and as we get into a quarter, it climbs up from that 50% to 60% to 70% to 80% and Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, what he called CRPO or the revenue performance obligations, we see those sitting around mid-teens for the second half of the year to answer your question. Now, if that's about 80% and that will translate into low double digit is what we can look at and feel quite comfortable on. By the way, we see these early signs of the demand continue into this quarter and likely the half, which means that we expect to continue now in the low double digits going forward. So, I hope that that gives you a sense. But I'm also excited by the underlying product capabilities. We see OpenShift, which is extremely important. It plays into containerization, it plays into virtualization. It's an important element of how our clients exercise hybrid. It has been growing and the demand there grew again at about 40% this past quarter. But we also saw acceleration in Linux and enhanceable where both of those demand vectors grown to the low double-digits. That given the size of the Linux business is very good news for us going forward. So, I hope that that gives you some color on those pieces. And a vector that we have not talked about that will play, but probably into '25 and '26, we are very excited by our two open-source AI projects inside the Red Ad business, our RHEL AI as well as OpenShift AI. And as people begin to deploy at scale, but not only on public cloud, but also on-premise, leveraging their hybrid environment, we expect that both of those will also contribute into the Red Hat business, but that will take more time.
