Martin Schroeter: Yes, thanks Wamsi. The first thing I’ll say is I apologies for my voice, so if I sound kind of crocking -- I got a bit of a cold here. But hopefully you can understand. So with regard to what we see from here out, as you noted we got about 700 in our guidance on a full year basis, we did about 700 in the first, the thing I would add is that we don’t know what that mix is going to be, it's 15 plus or minus two points. So if you were to take that range, we either have another couple hundred to go if it comes in from a high tax area or we're already over solved by few hundred. So either way, you are in about that right range. Now we have a lot of work underway to drive productivity in our services business, we talked a bit about that in the prepared remarks, we still expect to get the growth out of the acquisitions that we spend some money on. So there is a lot more obviously within the dynamics of our business from here to the end of the year. But if you just wanted to look at those two line items, then yes either we have a little bit left to go, if it comes in at a higher tax mix, so we've over solved already, but yes that’s the -- what the guidance implied.
Martin Schroeter: So couple of things, when we look at -- we pretty much look at every year, one quarter is the low point in GP margin that always true. And then we build sequentially from there, I think what I would expect this year in that build sequentially, I do expect as we said in prepared remarks, I do expect the services units to start to drive sequential improvement in that business. Now some have longer to go, more progress to make if you will, as we noted GBS with the declining revenue and the impact of margins, we also -- we believe that a business that can grow, pass the growth is what we described, which is consistent signings growth, we will get the backlog growth which will drive revenue growth. So all of that we still think we have ahead of us, we did get signing growth in the first quarter, it's 2%, but we got signing growth and so we will continue to build that business back. And then in GBS specifically, the margins in the new strategic imperative work, the margins in the areas that that business is moving to remain better than the margins in the places they're coming from. So yes, we have to realize the productivity at the overall model level, but we are seeing margin opportunities in those new areas in GBS and we would expect to continue to make progress, but again in total the margin picture on a sequential basis as we always do will grow from first to second, third and fourth as well, and depending on the mix of business that growth that we typically see from first to fourth, could be three, four points higher and it's been as high as 10 points in some years. We'll be within that range some place by the time we get out of the fourth, but the first quarter is always the low point in the year.
Martin Schroeter: So, couple of things, one, when we said we would expect -- when the tip of the bow of the ship gets through the wave, that was a year-to-year statement, and so now with those acquisitions for instance in our run rate, the dollar level is at an elevated amount and so the year-on-year impact is diminished if you will. Now, all of those businesses need continued investment and for IBM, what it's always been about for us is shift as much as it is adding to that pie. So I think the adding to the pie now is behind us, if you will, and the shift will continue. So we'll continue to invest heavily in the strategic imperative, but it won't represent the same growth that what we've -- as what we've seen in the past now that they're in our model.
Martin Schroeter: So, a couple of things Toni, one we're not adjusting our guidance, we've reaffirmed that we see an at least $13.80 number for the year, and we also see free cash flow flat, roughly flat as we said. So same guidance as we talked about in January and quite frankly from my perspective the quarter played out you know pretty much as we expected, other than we thought we had a couple of more signings relationships in services that we could have gotten done, but by and large the quarter played out as we expected and we maintained our guidance. In the prepared remarks Tony, we started to put together some of the things that we know and some of the things that we expect and I think that framework is kind of how I think about it. Now as you know we have a lot of scenarios around guidance and what might happen, but let's go through a couple of the things that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. First, you know the systems product announcements have kind of a double impact. One you have to ramp investment ahead of the revenue in order to get that system ready. That's the period we're in now and we'll be in it through the first half. Once we get the systems announced and out the door then we start getting revenue and you get the double benefit you get GP dollars and you get lower spending in order to because you don't have to ramp any more. So that has a pretty profound impact on the first to second half. We also talked about getting the acquisitions further embedded. Now we do a lot of acquisitions, there's obviously opportunities to drive investment in those but we also have a lot of opportunity to realize efficiencies in how we run. So we see an improvement from first to second half -- continued improvement first to second half as we ramp those new solutions around those acquisitions as well as get some synergies from the way we run the play. In our services business as we mentioned we see an improvement as we go through the year, both in the revenue trajectory and in the margin profile quite frankly. We got a lot of work to drive productivity in our services business both in GTS and GBS and it sits kind of across that delivery platform we think there is a lot of opportunity to drive improvement as we get into the second half and then IP income, similar to how we described it in January, we said we have a bunch of scenarios around IP income, we see enough opportunity to be flat year-to-year, but our guidance didn't rely on it year to year. So to your point, if we're flat versus excuse me -- here's where my voice starts to go Tony, I apologize. If we're flat relative to -- for the full year and we're up a bit in the first quarter, does that imply down? Yes that's kind of how we expected the year to play out. And in fact we said that, based on what you describe, it could be a bigger headwind the what you described, because not a lot of our scenarios have flat, some of them -- we had a -- like I said quite a good year in the second half -- quite a good second half of last year in IP income and so that could be down a bit, but again we've got a lot of scenario. So the year comes together I think because we do have dramatically different profile in the second versus the first. We included the framing, if you will, of where we finish the first half because not every year plays out the same way and I think it’s important to understand the dynamics. But no change to our guidance and we still see the year playing out as we did in the first quarter.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. So thanks, Ingin. These no macro, so I’ll talk about GBS specifically. And quite well, the nature of the work we do with our clients, we are running the hearts and lungs of our client's businesses. And so obviously, when you run hearts and lungs, you’re not running toward 90-day schedule. There is nobody by the way that’s in the room with you other than the client, nobody has the breadth of the capability that we have. So our clients move at a pace that reflect the important of the work we do. And at the same time add into that the steps required for instance regulatory approval, we’ve got a lot of [technical difficulty] customers, there are a lot of customers in regulated industry. And so the signings delays were not at all macro driven, this is our -- these are deep, deep partnerships with our clients that require careful planning, careful execution and they’re not going to move on a 90-day cycle. In GBS, again, I don’t think, we need an improved macro environment for GBS. In fact, one could argue that GBS will do better when clients are more focused on how to move to the future and more focused on or put under more pressure, if you will. The transformation that GBS is going through is driven by their ability to rescale in the new areas and we put -- we've poured a lot of people into GBS focused on these new practices that we have. The results that we see as the teams move into those new practices are very positive. So no, this is not at all macro, on GBS it is again, because the relationships with these clients are so vital to how their organizations run and are never going to move on a 90-day calendar. And GBS I think is demonstrating now that as it moves into the future, it can do even better.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, sure. So there is -- I wouldn’t say there is anything macro. In the two instances that we mentioned about people bringing -- companies bringing this in-house, very unique circumstances. And I think when I describe it, which I will, I think you will agree that they are sort of unique. So for instance, we have a client in Germany, it was renewed -- it was a five-year deal renewed for another five years and there is a rule, there is a law in Germany that this particular type of client cannot renew the same contract twice, just can't. And so they had to bring it back in-house due to regulatory reason. We will still -- they took the people, by the way, they were all in structure that allowed them to take the people back. They still run their IBM mainframes. So we’re still partners with them on the infrastructure that they run. But that’s a highly unique, I am not making on macro statement. And in the other case, again highly unique to the client situation, they had a plan in their industry to split two businesses and so they were heading down the path of having two businesses with two infrastructures. We have them by the way, both of them and then the market if you will, they made a judgment based on the market that they were just going to take one of those businesses and sort of wind it down. So they just had no need, if you will, to have a big infrastructure around that particular business. So very unique, not at all what I would call a macro. And then on pricing pressure, the nature of these relationships, again, as I mentioned earlier, these are substantial relationships that are running very core of what these companies need. And if I had to -- I guess these are complex, but if I had to simplify it, they're asking us to move them into -- in the future to move into cloud, to give them the agility and the security and the mobility that they see their competitors have. So there is -- there are not -- there is nobody in the room with us when we go in for those calls. And if they want to purse that path and as I think there is -- that suits their business model, then they're talking to us and we'll make those deals happen, but it's not a macro statement, its very much about our ability to deliver the future to them and whether or not that suits the way they're thinking their business at that particular time.
Martin Schroeter: Sure Amit, a couple of things. One, we are seeing the savings if you will of what we were able to start to transform last year and the actions we took. Now remember at the time we talked about Q1 '16. So a year ago we talked about how there was some -- some measure of that was to reduce capacity and a lot of that, by the way, that capacity reduction was to get our teams back together into collocated offices, where they could operate in more agile environment and it was to reduce the number of sites, if you will, which we had people and couldn’t collaborate properly. So there were some measure with the reduced capacity, but the bulk of what we wanted to do is to revitalize skills, as we always do. We're always revitalizing our skills. So we see the benefit of that in the new skill mix that we have, we see the benefit of that for instance in GBS growing signings in the first quarter. Now there is productivity that we see in the SG&A line, because while we are investing more for development our SG&A spending is down. And that was again not only the reduced capacity, but it's us being more efficient at how we operate. From a gross profit margin perspective, we are a high -- we have a high value model as you know. And so one of the things we are always looking at is, are the places we are going to still more valuable and higher margin than the places we are coming from and the strategic imperatives as we've talked about it in the past have a higher margin profile than the core if you will. That shouldn’t surprise anyone, I think that’s why our investors expect us to invest into those new areas, as opposed to just going to chase some lower margin content. And we still see that now, it's been true since we have been talking about the strategic imperatives and it remains true that the margins in those areas continue to be higher. So I think that I still view the opportunity for us and gross margin is going to look -- gets better because again the places we're moving to is better than what we're coming from.
Martin Schroeter: Sure David, so few things first and we talked about this a little bit in the prepared remarks and I think it's important, the legacy core is a business that we're confidently reinventing, it's not something that we are under investing, it's not something that we don’t like, we really like this business, it is very high value and some of that content sure fits in declining market. So it has declining opportunity, but that’s high value. And then, as we talked about in that prepared remarks, some of those businesses like Webster application server is growing, it's in a growing market and we grow. So the core is -- and I know you didn’t say it this way, but the core is -- I just want to make sure everyone's clear, is made up of lot of different things. And included in that core, if you will, is -- we've got part of our power business, we got some of our mainframe business, we're just not in the time of the cycle for the core part -- for those parts of the core to grow. We will get to that part of the cycle when it grows. So then from the high-level math you did, we said that strategic imperatives would be 40%, we're obviously there, but 40 billion at least by 2018 and we're still on track to get there, in fact we're a little bit ahead of track. Now when those two lines cross, I don’t know, I think that the investment community has been keen for us to stay on that solid double digit growth path and the strategic imperatives, there have been concerns every quarter about whether or not we're flowing down, but we just grew 13% on our toughest compare of the year last year because we did '17 in the first. So I think that the cross over point, I think is a mathematical exercise, what I'm looking that is, are the strategic imperatives and the growth we're getting out of those continuing to put us and keep us on the track to that 40 billion.
Martin Schroeter: Sure Keith, so I think, I look at our portfolio and as you know we talked about this and we have been pretty clear that, we look at our portfolio through the eyes of value. And I think the portfolio, not solely through the eyes of growth, value and -- no value or a limited value without growth is obvious that we wouldn’t -- we would have a -- we would be thinking about whether or not that fits. But the portfolio we have today, I view as high value. The AMS business as you pointed out, it's a high value business. Now the revenue is pretty stable, but it serves a really important need with our client base, it allows us based on how we do it with our industry focus, it allows us to drive value for our client. So I think of pruning is something you do when you don’t see an opportunity for differentiation, when you don’t see a longer term opportunity for value, and I look at the portfolio now and I think there is -- I think we have a very high value portfolio and I think that GBS, large GBS, all of it plays a critical rolled in that, I don’t see a pruning opportunity here.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, sure Jim. So again -- and you know this is actually, it's an interesting question because -- it's an interesting timing of this question because I want to make sure that everybody understands that as we head now into the rest of this year and one of our focus item as it's always has been, but now the timing is right, is to get the returns for our investments. It's something if you were to pull 100 IBM executives, it's something that they would all say is, now it's time to get the returns. So we have driven very heavy investments that has impacted our margins. But the investment is not the only opportunity, only lever we have to improve margins, we have a lot of opportunity in our services business and in our delivery model and how we drive margin. So yes it is time for us to get the returns we have invested quite heavily. The strategy is right, we hear it from our clients every day, the places that we are moving them to and the work we do in the core is highly, highly valuable to them. So I think now, the short hand in that is yes, now it's time. And with that I’ll wrap up the call by saying, we have been making significant investments and now we've added, by the way, a ton of capabilities to the IBM company. We started new businesses, we made new markets, we've changed, as we always do, industries and professions and we'll continue to do that. But now it's with the business positioned very well for the long term, in terms of capabilities. Always opportunity to add a little bit here or there, but with the business positioned well for the long term, now it is time to focus on improving the returns on those investments. So thank you very much for joining the call today.
