Mark Loughridge: Okay. Well, let me answer your question in stages just as you asked us. So let’s start with software. I agree we did not have the software quarter we’re looking for. If you look historically both for the IBM corporation and certainly for the software business third quarters tend to be difficult for us. Fourth quarters tend to be strong. So I would expect based on all of the work we’ve done to look at their pipeline going into the fourth that we would maintain that relative characteristic and see our key branded middleware with growth rates in kind of mid-single digits and double-digit profitability in the fourth quarter. If you look at the characteristics, once we get to the end of the year obviously quarters close out December 31. So there’s an off lot energy in the sales organization as we close the year, but we have typically had the same pattern as you have seen if you go back to the last number of years with a difficult third followed by a stronger fourth quarter and I think that has a lot to do with our overall software performance. Now when you go to the services organization, however, I would say that first of all with backlog up 6%, that’s pretty good performance. And if you look at the GTS business, I mean GTS did improve revenue albeit on a more marginal base, but the GTS are long extended contract that is kind of the battleship, the turn here. On the other hand, GBS at 5%, I think that’s pretty good. And if we look back on the GBS profile over the last four quarters, they have taken that business from minus two to a plus five and as we look at their strength as they have built that backlog, we see close at a plus seven as we go into the fourth quarter and in both cases returning services, as we have said, to grow in the third quarter and both third and fourth generating double-digit profitability. So I do think we saw the kind of cadenced improvement on our services business. I think on the software side, we wrestled with this kind of typically weaker third followed by a, what we are looking to be a stronger fourth.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, I think, let me give this framework for the explanation. First of all, if you look at the performance that we saw this quarter in growth markets, revenue at constant currency down 5% compared to the IT growth rate and growth markets are plus 5. We’ve had about 10 point gap there. So we did very kind of simple back of the envelope analysis on that to distinguish what was macro and what was execution and we said, well if we took that big STG erosion that we saw in China that we would conclude is highly related to the process of developing the Chinese economic policy. If we snap that out, the growth markets would have been flat. And so to us that sounds like about 5 of that 10 point gap to the industry are coming from a macro environment issue. The other five we think it’s pure execution. Now I would argue that you’re seeing our ability to put leadership teams on the ground to turn our performance in geographic. Now the hallmark in that was that for us is Japan. Japan has really turned around in a very big way under the leadership of Martin Jetter and his team got engaged by broadly and we’ve seen that perform quarter after quarter with that leadership capability. So in the growth market organization the leadership team that established that to begin with and drove that organization is now back in the cockpit led by Bruno Di Leo and his leadership team. They know how to get this done. They helped build this to begin with. So I think that’s an explanation on the macro environment impact that we saw that we would say accounted for about half that differential to the industry as well as the leadership differential and the action that IBM has taken to address those on the execution element.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, a very, very good point. Let me address that starting with where we see ourselves in 3Q and year-to-date basis. So year-to-date, we are down $2 billion in free cash flow, and if you look at the drivers behind that that would be broken down into the operational performance obviously of the business, our performance on sales cycle, working capital. Those two, I would say are execution base and then the complement being the impact that we’ve seen on cash tax. We do see that now as more and a little over $1 billion range. We originally thought more like $2 billion, we now think it’s more like a $1 billion. In the cash side of our workforce rebalancing, but that’s only the elements of that year-to-date performance, I think more importantly it’s how we see that full year 2013 free cash flow, which will be down on the year-to-year basis, how we see that moving through the roadmap to 2014 and 2015. So in 2014, based on that same kind of structured model that I described to you, we would see our free cash flow accepting the impact of cash taxes, growing at a rate of about 15% to 20%. Now cash taxes, we believe now in 2014 will be a headwind of about $2 billion, but even including cash taxes, we would see our free cash flow growing by a little over $1 billion. So the operational profile within that in that 15% to 20% range and on that basis, free cash flow growing faster than net income. Going to 2015, we would see that free cash flow – the inclusion of cash taxes, growing at about 15% to 20%, again free cash flow growing more rapidly than net income, and in 2015 that cash taxes should be a tailwind as opposed to the headwind that we have been referring within 2014 and 2015. Now if you took that back if they will, let’s structure that around the financial roadmap, as you remember the roadmap, the tail what we saw in the usage of free cash flow and said, we expected to spend about $90 billion between share repurchase, dividends and acquisitions. That $90 billion on a gross basis is about $85 billion, $86 billion on a net basis and the free cash flow that we see across the roadmap is also in that range of $85 billion plus or minus, so over the roadmap those two relatively balanced and that’s not including cash inflows that we would think would be likely from potential divestitures. So with that basis even though we had a disappointed free cash flow performance this year, we still see the overall construct through the roadmap supporting those original objectives. Now across those elements of share buyback dividends and acquisitions there is fungibility right, you’ve see that even in our to-date performance on the first two and half years of the roadmap and where share repurchase little less acquisitions so I don’t think the category or the cadence across the years would be linear. But I think the aggregate is still very, very relevant in the best guide for you to use as you look at our usage of free cash flow.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, really the basis for that trajectory to 2015 involves; number one, in 2014 stabilizing our STG or hardware business on a profitability basis to be relatively flat on a year-to-year basis. We have absorbed this year that $1 billion decline on a year-to-year basis and I showed how I thought that really did correlate based on the work the team has done to the issues we had in China, but we believe it should be a very reasonable objective to stabilize on a year-to-year basis relatively flat profitability with STG. And what we are able to do that the vehicle for that being new product announcements across our STG businesses as well as returning growth market to mid single-digit growth on a constant currency basis once we get through this process surrounding China’s development of a broad based economical full plan. Those two capabilities are the primary elements to stop the erosion and profitability and that part of our business. And then had the operational profile for software and services fell through the bottom line. Additionally this impact that we wrestled with on currency again then on a year-to-date basis of $500 million headwind that kind of it’s theoretical limit, that should reverse and actually be a tailwind in the second quarter of next year. And then lastly, if you look at the compliment to help offset the year-to-year headwind from the discrete tax benefit we have in 2013 really the flow through of the workforce rebalancing yield that we’ve already completed should be more than enough to neutralize that. And allow us to take really the financial flexibility, the strength of balance sheet, to complement that operational performance and maintain that trajectory in 2014 on our way to at least 25 up to 2015.
Mark Loughridge: Yes. First of all on the hardware base, my point was to drive the STG hardware business to flat profitability. I agree with you – I don’t’ think that is going to be necessarily flat revenue but flat profitability base…Keith F. Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Mark Loughridge: All the works that we’ve done. Now I will say in the next Q, 2014 for hardware business that would probably be driving in the first half down a couple of hundred million and the second half up a couple of hundred million, but relatively flat profitability, not revenue on the STG side of the business.Keith F. Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Mark Loughridge: As pointed out that’s a relatively low bar given the level of profitability that the hardware business will generate in 2013. On the services side, I do think it’s worth clearly recognizing the real contribution that the GBS team has driven by constantly improving that backlog performance and then yielding that backlog performance right in the revenue line and let’s go back on that four quarter march that they have been on. They have been kind of methodically driving a couple of points improving over quarter, that’s why we feel it’s a very confident basis for us to look at 7% revenue growth for GBS in the fourth quarter. And if we have 7% revenue growth for that platform with ongoing improvement in backlog given the momentum they’ve been able to drive with the faster take up of backlog to revenue for GBS that should really assist us as we go into 2014. But I think within that, the lynchpin assumption that we need to drive for 2014 and 2014 being the platform for moving into 2015 is stabilize that STG business at the low level profitability we see this year, return GMU back to mid single digit growth as we get through the process surrounding China’s development as a broad based economic reform plan, allowing the improving momentum we see on the services business as well as a return to their more consistent profile in software business help drive that operational performance.
Mark Loughridge: Well, the way I would frame the software performance is not around China. The China issue was predominantly an impact to our hardware business. The software issue I think is this ongoing challenge that we typically have in third quarters going into a stronger fourth quarter. So that’s the way I would look at this. Now if you look at the magnitude of improvement that we’re looking at for our growth markets content, going to the fourth quarter and then into next years that profile going into 2014 remember about half of it we said we thought was macro driven that should resolve itself we believe as China establishes this broad based economical reform plan in March of 2014. And the second half of that really driven by the leadership and we do need to see that trajectory improve as of going to the fourth quarter to get back to mid single digit performance in 2014 consistent with the industry.
Mark Loughridge: Well, let’s separate those two. I mean the divestiture that was complementary to IBM and to the partner that we’re working with for us it was an area that we thought we could get better capability of the partner, and the partner’s capability and then we would apply our energies to broader intellectual property capability. If you look at the cloud content and the software content that we see are within cloud. We cross kind of a milestone for us this quarter worth of $1 billion of cloud revenue, the content within that about 610 million of it was the hardware and software and implementation services for us to establish cloud based operations within our customer set and then $460 million of that was cloud delivered services and solutions including software. Now if you look underneath the dynamics in that, in that cloud delivered services and solutions content most of those customer engagement, for us, turned out to be incremental. And you remember when we started the roadmap content to drive cloud to be about $7 billion by 2015 we said that we thought only about $3 billion of that would be incremental due to the cannibalization of base. And so we’re always using that as kind of a checkpoint. Actually we didn’t see that in our own profile. Most of that content was indeed new and incremental. So it does provide a very strong platform for us within GTS and a platform for moving to the market for other business units. I will tell you that since we’ve made that acquisition, I have heard nothing but very positive statements from our business units on the capability and the added dimension that it applies to IBM and to GTS.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Let me talk about that explicitly. So if you look at our U.S. federal business, Katy, our U.S. Federal business is a little less than 3% of our total revenue mix. So as you look at the risk within that 3%, it turns out that really the bulk of our Federal business is either or not exposed or even if isn’t a category that is exposed has been deemed essential. So as we look at it, it’s kind of a time dimension. So if we close on that issue in October, there really shouldn’t be much of an impact for IBM. If it extends through to November then it will be an issue, but something we ought to be able to deal with and manage through. If this extends in to December then it’s going to get to be a meaningful number, say around a nickel that we will probably not be able to contain. But it is kind of a time based exposure that we are tracking quite carefully. The advantage that we do have to keep that total down is how much of our business is in fact being the central.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, let’s take the bookings issue first. If you look at the business unit that would be most impacted by that exposure, it would be our GBS business. But I have nothing but very positive observations of their performances both on driving performance on a global basis generating profitability from that growth and increasing their backlog. So though that would be the area most exposed you sure wouldn’t see it in the results. As far as the tax rate, what I’m referencing is the average tax rate that we would assume before discrete items and that tax rate would be the tax rate for the year and for the quarter. Going forward for 2013 as well as 2014, but again that’s tax rate before discrete items. So let me now just take the opportunity to wrap up or thank you for the questions and the time on the call. Obviously this was a tough quarter for us, especially in the STG and the growth market, but we’re on track to deliver at least $16.25 for the year on an all-in basis and we believe with the actions we are taking, we’ll have stronger operational performance as we go into 2014. In STG we’re going to wrestle with the mainframe wrap in the first half of next year, but should return to profit growth in the second half and stabilized hardware profit on a year-to-year basis for year. That’s the game plan. And in growth markets, we’ll improve the trajectory to get back to mid-single digit performance for the 2014 full year, especially after we get to the broad based economic reform plan that’s developing in China, consistent I think on that trajectory basis for growth markets, consistent with the overall industry. We’ll continue to use the overall flexibility of our financial model, including productivity and share repurchase and I think we are going to see that ongoing operational performance in our software and services business show through then to drive the bottom line. So this keeps us on track to our 2015 objective of at least $20 of operating EPS. I want to thank you again for joining us and now as always it’s back to work.
