Arvind Krishna: Yes. Amit, thank you. Thank you both for the comment and those questions. So let me answer the first part, how do we feel about revenue and demand going forward? First, if you just look at the data going backwards, we see pretty strong demand and we saw double-digit growth in Europe, double-digit growth in Asia and double-digit growth in the Americas. But let me add some color on that as we look forward. And it is with a couple of contextual elements, as you said, on your portfolio. One, we are B2B. We have almost no B2C business, as if almost no, I could say none, but there is the weather business which has got a little bit of element of B2C in it, but it’s tiny. So one is B2B. Second, we’ve done a lot of work over the last three years, and our portfolio is largely in mission-critical areas, areas that are around automation, areas that are about leveraging AI for enterprise productivity. And I think that, that productivity theme is going to play out over actually not just this remaining part of this year but for the next half decade, maybe the full decade. Color. In the Americas, I find a very robust business environment. I find that most enterprises want to invest. They are leveraging technology to scale their business. If I go to Asia, it’s very similar. Very little change from the past, I think going into the next few months, at least. In Europe, I think we shouldn’t put our head in the sand. I think that with the mixture of energy and inflation, you can sense that there is some caution creeping into the conversations, albeit not in the data and not yet in what we are doing as business there. But we’d be foolish not to prepare that there could be a bit of a downturn in Europe only. But let me now put all of that back into context. So you’re saying Americas, Asia, fine. If I get to Europe, Western Europe, ballpark 20% of global GDP. Even if you have a massive impact, 5% to 10%, that’s a 1% to 2% impact on a global level all-in. Technology is typically 3% to 4% ahead of GDP growth. That says there’s still a robust technology environment in there. So I think that’s the sort of the two parts of your question that that we are addressing with that.
Arvind Krishna: Yes. Thanks Jim. Turning to sort of address the questions, last October we talked about that we are going to be in a mid single digit revenue growth model and that we will be increasing cash flow each year and we have set out a target of $10 billion for this year and $35 billion over the period. There is nothing that we see right now to alter us from what we had said at that time. So I’m going to say that those projections stay in place. As Jim pointed out for 2022, we are saying that we will be above our revenue model and that we believe will play out with the demand that you heard me talk about and then Jim just reinforced. Just a little part, the third quarter is not typically a big ELA quarter, so we should just be – it’s kind of the normal seasonality. ELAs are really second and fourth much more than first and third. So just to give you a little bit of color and add to what you asked and what Jim said, mainframe hardware has had a strong start. So you would expect that capacity increases. As the capacity increases, you expect that to follow with a tiny lag, sometimes a month, sometimes three months into our transaction processing portfolio. And that’s why you kind of see the strength there.
Arvind Krishna: So Wamsi, let me start and then give it to Jim. But I’m also going to reinforce a couple points that Jim made in his prepared remarks. On transactional business, look, I can’t speak to the yield. I can speak to the yield about 10 weeks from now. The yield will come in over the next 10 weeks as opposed to right now. If I look at our pipeline, pipeline indicates the strength that we are seeing. That is what gave us confidence to say that we see revenue coming in above our mid-single digit growth model. We see the pipelines are strong across software and hardware. So the very strong hardware growth in the third quarter that is captured in the infrastructure business, I think that all reflects the demand that is there and across geographies. So not any particular single market being strong. If I look at, then software, I expect that the overall growth will remain strong. Would there be some puts and takes in a couple of small countries as possible. But that is the advantage of having a business that goes across 170 countries where that tends to get absorbed into the overall. Right now, I tell you, good pipelines based on the first nine months of the year, we expect yields to remain good or even better than before. And that’s this piece. And I’ll just make a comment. I would like to say, as Jim pointed out in his prepared remarks that there is an impact on FX that is probably the biggest impact to what we are seeing right now. I certainly, I’ll say hope that we are seeing the end of the dollar strengthening as opposed to another significant change.
Arvind Krishna: Yeah. So thanks Jim. So Keith, let me just maybe use the opportunity to remind everybody of what we had talked about as our midterm model, which was sort of the three-year model that we had laid out last October. We had said that we expect software to grow in mid-single digits, so I think 4% or 6%, and we had said consulting to grow in high single digits. And we had said that infrastructure will be about flat, this year will be a good year because the product cycle and then probably somewhere in late 2023 or 2024 we’ll get the flip side of that up from this year. But then you get into consulting, our long-term model was not in the teens, which it has done this year it was in the high-single-digits. So the book-to-bill combined with the shorter term signings gives us confidence that we will be able to maintain that model. Look, I think consulting to the point I think you’re all trying to ask, the nature of our consulting business is very different than some others. The bulk of our consulting business is in digital transformation, helping our clients move to cloud, not just our cloud but AWS and Azure amongst it. It’s on properties that I think are fairly essential to our clients SAP, CRM, Adobe are great examples. As you begin to wrap around help them move to cloud, both public and hybrid, help them do digital transformation, help them take advantage of these massive productivity SaaS properties that I just named. Even in an inflationary environment, even when the economy is not doing well, these tend to be the projects that stay the course, but maybe the signings come in smaller chunks and as long as we deliver well then people tend to sign up for more and more going forward. And that’s sort of a bit of color of what we’ve seen play out already this year and we expect that to maybe increase next year.
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Thanks Jim and I think Jim gave you all a lot of color in these Q&A on cash flow, the quarter and how we think of a business going forward. Let me just wrap up the call. We have made really good progress since we laid out our strategy in our Investor Day last October. We are well positioned to meet our clients’ needs going into the end of the year and we look forward to taking you through our fourth quarter performance and our view of 2023 in January. I look forward to speaking to all of you again in soon.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Toni, this is Jim, I’ll take the first part of the question and Arvind can wrap up about our portfolio and the confidence we have in positioning 2023. When you take a look at our third quarter performance, we’re obviously very pleased with the entire IBM team and what we’ve been able to execute. Continuing to instantiate the value of today’s IBM, which is a very focused hybrid cloud and AI platform company. But let’s dial back 90 days ago. 90 days ago we said all in we were going to be at high single digit revenue growth and we were going to generate about 200 basis points of operating leverage. When you now play that picture of what played out in the third quarter, we are capitalizing on that focused IBM hybrid cloud AI strategy and capitalizing on the accelerated demand from our clients that Arvind talked about up front. And we’re getting revenue dollar contribution that is falling to the bottom line with regards to profit. Our profit’s up 23%. Now with that said, when you look at the profile of the contribution, it was very pervasive and broad based. It was double digit growth across all three of our major segments and double digit growth across all of our markets around the world. And within that software contributed about 3 points of growth ex Red Hat to IBM, consulting delivered about 5 points of growth and infrastructure delivered about 3 points of growth to IBM. And within infrastructure, to your question on mainframe, mainframe basically came in about exactly what we guided to 90 days ago. Remember, we talked about at length the first time in 20 years that we announced a mainframe new innovation in a second quarter and how it was going to change the seasonality of that business. And we had a very strong second quarter, which by the way, we took up revenue guidance in April 4. We talked about 90 days ago how third quarter was going to play out and fourth quarter and we pretty much executed to that. So we feel pretty good about our book of business. So, Arvind turning over to you.
Jim Kavanaugh: So Wamsi to that point, as you know, our two key measures of success since Arvind has taken over as Chairman and CEO has been revenue growth profile, converting this portfolio into a sustainable growth orientation and second free cash flow generation. So, we can have the financial flexibility to continue to invest in our business. And on that, we said maintaining guidance of about $10 billion. I’ll remind everyone that $10 billion is up over $3 billion year-to-year, first. And it’s up $2 billion from what we published as IBM’s post-separation baseline when you normalize out all the Kyndryl-related activity. So as we spoke about, and Arvind just kind of concluded before he turned over to me, 90 days ago, this takes into account the external headwinds we’ve been talking about this year. One, being the orderly wind down in the exit of our Russia business, which we’ve already taken into account. We’ve been transforming our business and cost structure to take into account losing that high value profit and cash. And second is the continuance strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Now the latter, let’s be honest, it definitely puts pressure and our midterm outlook, but we’re three quarters into that midterm outlook right now. We do have a robust hedging program because we are not immune. I mean, we do business in 170 countries around the world, over a 100 currencies. As we talked about 90 days ago, we do not hedge, a 100% of our currencies. And second, we don’t hedge out more than 12 months. Very important point. So currency is a real impact to profit in cash overall. Now, we hedge to provide us time to take the operational actions that’s price, that’s sourcing strategies, that’s cost structure, and the productivity initiatives that Arvind and I have put within the business. So right now, it’s early in this midterm outlook. We’ve got a headwind on the U.S. dollar until it stabilizes. We are taking the appropriate actions, but let’s be honest, we are all focused on completing 2022. We have a very big fourth quarter in front of us. We’ve got to do roughly $6 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. That’s about 60% of our free cash flow, by the way to put that in perspective, from 2017 to 2020, we did at or better than $6 million of free cash flow. So, we’ve got the right portfolio. We’ve got the right set of operational actions, and that’s what we’re focused on. Where are we going to get that headwind/tailwind? One, we completed our structural action. So that’s all behind us, and we’ll continue to get the Kyndryl tailwind for the next three months. Second, we expect a very solid working capital quarter with regards to the mainframe cycle and the pure volume dynamics of what’s happening with our accelerated revenue growth profile. And third, we’re going to continue driving a higher revenue profile, get operating cash out of that by driving operating leverage in our business. So that’s what our focus is on completing 2022. And we will talk in January about where we’re at and where the dollar’s at.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, Erik, thank you very much. I appreciate the question and I appreciate the compliments and I’m sure the entire IBM team has worked extremely hard pleased with this quarter. Well, let’s talk about Consulting. We talked all year long, remember you dialed back to January. We were talking about what we were seeing in the marketplace about an accelerating demand profile driven by our clients’ digital transformations, journeys to cloud, and that we were going to invest upfront and get ahead of that demand profile both in skills, capabilities, ecosystems, acquisitions, why? Because Consulting plays an integral part to our hybrid cloud thesis. It is that tip of the spear. It drives the multiplier effect. It drags the scale and adoption to our hybrid cloud platform, and it pulls our IBM technology. Now, with that said, when you look at it that investment profile coupled with a highly inflationary environment. We’ve seen pressure on our gross margin level throughout the year. But we’ve been making that up on an operating pre-tax margin because Consulting, along with our Infrastructure and Software are yielding the benefits of a much more focused streamlined G&A structure, now post-separation of Kyndryl and a much more effective and aligned streamlined go-to-market model that’s playing out. But when you look at it, 3Q year-to-date, our revenue profiles growing high teens. We’re getting dollar contribution, and we’re seeing 3Q year-to-date at about 30 basis points worth of margin. Now, as I said in the prepared remarks, we talked about three core actions throughout the year, acquisitions, utilization, price. And around those we saw green shoots exiting third quarter. Our acquisitions right now, we’re on a steady state where they’re going to be margin accretive in the fourth quarter. Second, we exited the quarter in a pretty challenging seasonal quarter of a third quarter with higher utilizations. That’s a great sign. And third, for the second quarter a row, we got price optimization in price margins that are up. That has led to our sequential improvement in margins from 2Q to 3Q by three points. And by the way, we expect that to continue in the fourth quarter. Margins up sequentially and year-to-year. And that price optimization really as you would expect, always translates back then into the value proposition of your offerings where we have value in application modernization, Red Hat, our hyperscaler and strategic partnerships. We’re seeing a nice margin accretion that’s playing out and that’s going to fuel the fourth quarter here and first half of 2023.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, no, I would just add to the last point on the interest rate environment. Shannon, as you saw during this year, we’ve been prudent. I think in hindsight now, it’s always better to be lucky and opportunistic because we’ve went out to the market and basically have pre-funded all of our requirements for the most part in 2023 already. We issued $4 billion a debt in February, and just recently in July, we issued $3.25 billion worth of debt. So we feel pretty good about our capital structure. 2023 is pretty much taken care of, which is our largest maturity tower, I think about $6.4 billion and that it steps down from there in 2024 and 2025, so we feel pretty good about that.
Jim Kavanaugh: Hey, Keith, I’ll take the front end of this and then Arvind can talk about the environment and our services portfolio overall. Really getting right to it, our inorganic contribution in the quarter to IBM was about one-point worth of growth overall. When you take a look at that, we grew 6.5 at actual rates, roughly 15% at constant currency, 5 points of that being Kyndryl year-to-year contribution. So read that about end points worth of growth. One-point of that came out of acquisitions. Underneath that, it’s still about 2 points in consulting, which we’re seeing nice scale of the consulting acquisitions. And again, as I said on the previous question, we do see margin accretion as we kind of get to a stabilized level of our acquisition. And to software basically rounded to zero, it’s all organic growth software had a very strong quarter, 14% growth at constant currency, about 8 points of that being Kyndryl, that is all organic because we’ve wrapped on our Turbonomic acquisition, which by the way still is done extremely well. So the currency, excuse me, the inorganic component is pretty much on a sustainable basis right now overall. Before I turn it over to Arvind, let’s just talk a little bit about what we see underneath signings. First of all, we still have a – we believe a solid book-to-bill. On a trailing 12 months it’s 1.05 and remember that’s maintaining a book-to-bill in excess of one on very strong revenue contribution. Five consecutive quarters of double-digit growth and year-to-date we’re up in the high teens overall. So where do we see it underneath, because I think as I’ve said many times before, all signings are not alike and they all don’t translate the revenue the same way. When we look at our strong demand, it’s driven by application modernization, strategic partnerships; by the way the velocity of our strategic partnership signings are up trailing 12 months, almost 25% to 30%, and it’s about 40% of our business. now we’re capturing that. Red Hat inception to date $6.6 billion, but it’s really the small deal momentum. We’re seeing the durations of our backlog come down a couple months because our small deals, that’s the volume based business for six consecutive quarters in a row. We’ve had double digit growth and what does that mean? That has high revenue yielding contribution in period. And that’s what gives us the confidence when we look at that backlog realization and how it plays out for fourth quarter for us to commit the low-double-digit revenue growth.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, David. Thank you and thanks for the compliments really goes out to the entire IBM team overall. When you take a look at our free cash flow posture one, I think we have quantified back in earlier this year in April about our Russia business, orderly wind down right decision, unfortunate humanitarian crisis that continues right now, but that was about a $300 million revenue profile and about a $200 million profit and cash profile overall. As I said yes, that’s been an impact this year, which is one of the reasons why we went down to about $10 billion as we stated. But again, we’ve been taking, knowing that decision, we’ve been taking the right operational actions to drive the productivity knowing that 2023 and 2024 we won’t have that. So that’s point number one. Point number two, the structural actions yes, north of $500 million that’s behind us this year. Remember that becomes a tailwind in 2023 and 2024. That’s why I’ve said multiple times before free cash flow is not going to be linear when we look at 2022, 2023, 2024. One we will have the wrap on that in 2023 plus second the exit costs of getting rid of that stranded cost, you get ROI on that activity overall. The big wildcard if you want to use it is what’s going to happen to the U.S. dollar. Now you see what’s happened to us this year. This year, third quarter let’s put it in perspective as I said a little over eight point gap between constant currency and actual rates. As you’ve seen in our backup charts, it’s about a $1.1 billion revenue by the way, that’s about a $0.15 profit and EPS impact in a quarter that we’ve had to overcome operationally. Now that again will continue to the extent the U.S. dollar doesn’t devalue over time. We are taking the appropriate measures. We’re running our scenario models or stress testing our business. We’ve got a long path into 2023 and 2024, but it’s going to come from the actions I talked about price, sourcing and cost structure. Each of those pieces are going to have to overcome that. And the beauty of our hedging program is it buys us time to smooth out the volatility of earnings right now. So we are focused on that. We’ll talk a lot more about where we see the U.S. dollar 90 days ago from now and what that means for 2023 cash as we go forward. Now, one last thing I want to put in place that fourth quarter cash is very important. That $6 billion give or take in us delivering that about $10 billion that is going to come out predominantly out of our operational profit driven by one, that revenue growth at the high end of our model all in, by the way anniversary of Kyndryl, we got two more weeks and we anniversary that, that is offset by basically Watson Health, so all-in high single-digit model is a good representation of today’s IBM. Second, we expect 2.5 points of operating margin in the fourth quarter. Why is that important? Yes, it’s going to deliver that free cash flow in the fourth quarter, but it also gives the investor a perspective now that we’re basically anniversarying the year-to-year contribution at Kyndryl; you see the healthy operating leverage at this portfolio now that we were reposition can deliver. So with that, I’ll turn it back over to Patricia.
