Arvind Krishna: Thanks Jim. I am going to add just one final thought before the Q&A. We are managing for the long-term. We are making strategic decisions, taking actions and increasing investments today to better position our business and accelerate our top-line growth, on a sustainable basis. Patricia, let’s go to the Q&A.
Arvind Krishna: All right. So first, thanks for the question, Matt. So, a few comments on – because you ask about portfolio areas, you also ask about clients and you also ask about geographies. And it all varies. But we are seeing first from large client deals, as well as services projects. Let me just reiterate, but add a little bit of color to what Jim and I said in our prepared remarks. While we are seeing very healthy growth in some parts of both software and systems, it’s kind of – it’s frantic, but we are also seeing people pause. Now maybe they are pausing because of their industry or because of geography or because they are into a cash conservation mode, we think it’s a pause. We don’t believe it’s a decline forever. We do believe that some of those deals come back and we tend to see that. We saw that from the first to the second, second to the third quarter et cetera. So, that’s a one part. Now, we have also talked about that there is about a 70% of the industries that we are in, we are not seeing any pause as we see clients there are healthy. We see that their businesses are healthy. About 30% and that should not be a surprise to anybody in this call, we do tend to see some temporary softness and maybe think about brick and mortar retail, you think about airlines, you think about hospitality, I think it’s not a surprise that some of those. Now, we also tend to be with larger clients. So we don’t believe that they have a sustainability issue by and large. It will tend to come back. So that’s out of the flavor under it. But then as I begin to look forward, Matt, because you are asking that question also, it’s really hard to predict the fourth quarter. That’s why Jim and I are pausing on giving guidance here. However when we look at our people interested in these parts of the software portfolio, whether it’s supply chain and security as Jim mentioned, whether it’s cloud and data platform which is inclusive both of Red Hat and our cloud packs and all the technologies they find essential, we find that those will come back. We find our transaction processing platform or TPP yet somewhat aligned to the mainframe capacity increases as those go through you tend to see, I’ll call it an alignment. It’s not necessarily identical but there is some alignment therein. And then, let’s not forget that as a Global Business Services and other SIs do transformation projects, they also tend to pull through software more in cloud and data platform there in other areas. So, I’ll sort of give you that color sort of across the client set, across the industries and across different parts of the portfolio, Matt.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Jim. And Toni, thank you for asking the capital allocation question. A really important piece of our growth strategy going forward. So a couple of points there for context; one, when we acquired and closed on Red Hat, we did commit to pausing share repurchase until we have deleveraged and gotten back to our target ratios of debt-to-EBITDA. So we are on track to do that. We fully intend to do that and we had said that we will get there by 2022. So that’s part one. And so some of the cash you see in the balance sheet will be used towards that purpose because you said you are not paying down that, but you’ll see us begin to pay that down to get towards those ratios, part one. Part two, we are committed to a stable and growing dividend. Our dividend to our investors given that how much they depend upon that and how much you have heard about that and feedback, we intend to keep a stable and growing dividend. That means, everything else is up for what is prudent for managing for the long-term. And so, when we talk about increased investments, and on October 8th I was clear, we are going to both increase expenses organically in order to be able to grow in both software and in GBS, but we are also going to be quite acquisitive in the areas that we have called out. We will be acquisitive in GBS and we will also be acquisitive in the software areas around hybrid cloud, data AI, security and in emerging technologies such as Quantum. So, when you see us do that, I think we are going to be doing exactly what you are asking. We will be allocating more cash to growth going forward. I think the simple answer to that is, yes, with no qualifications therein.
Arvind Krishna: Yes. So, when you look at the different segments that we are in, Wamsi, so this is straightaway in the four areas that we had outlined. Number one, we are going to be increasing investments in GBS in order to get more skills in the areas that we are seeing demand. Second, we are going to be increasing investments in our ecosystem and ecosystems that are large partners, we just announced ServiceNow last week, but we announced Adobe a couple of months before that. You’ve seen us with Salesforce, you’ve seen us with others. So we are going to be increasing our investments in how we work with those. But there are also hundreds of ISVs, not just the very large ones, it’s one we are also working to get them on our hybrid cloud platform, on our cloud properties and so how do we invest in that in order to drive growth down the road is a second piece. I’ll put that in the ecosystem bucket. Third, we are going to be increasing investments in our core software areas in terms of the hybrid cloud platform itself and you saw that in some of my prepared remarks on the innovations we are driving into the Red Hat technologies, but in addition to that in terms of data and AI, in security and others, we are going to drive innovation in there. And as you put all those areas together, let’s not also forget, NewCo is also going to be seeing increased investments around automation, around infrastructure modernization against looking the different cloud partners. So when you think of those four buckets, it now goes pretty much across all of IBM’s segments, Wamsi, if you think about it, because we wanted to be, I’ll call it balance, it’s not identical growth, but we want all of the segments to be contributing to growth and so we got to be driving in terms of organic R&D, in terms of working with certain areas where there is a lot of demand. So you got to get skills in there and of course, as we add M&A, that’s not quite directly from these buckets of money, but the M&A will also add to added expenses eventually while the moment you complete an acquisition as expense in these different segments.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Katy. And you got it correct. It is a critical part of us getting towards a mid-single-digit growth target. So, that is essential. So, as we begin to go under it and you look at it for the last few months, I would tell you that some of it is indeed maximally the wrong word, but I think as there is two elements in there. People are pausing certain large software license transactions and that is perhaps the macro environment and then there is the TPP piece which is inside of the software segment which is driven more as I’ve said before in terms of the alignment to the mainframe capacity that’s in the ground. So we saw very good growth in the fourth quarter or last year we saw that tied to that and as you begin to see that slowdown in the third quarter of this year, we do expect to – I think see that continue for some time. But within that, when I look at our Cognitive Applications and we look at cloud and data platform, we do see healthy growth there, but I expect to see continue. As we invest more into that, and as we invest more into Red Hat, I would expect that as we get through the next year, we are going to see that that should be able to more than offset anything that happens in TPP. And just to give a sense of that, Katy, when you begin to look at Red Hat by itself, and we see the growth there in the mid-to-high teens, and we expect that that should be able to continue and accelerate, then that in turn will give added growth to the whole portfolio more than enough to offset any weakness in TPP and then as you are increasing our investment in our ecosystem, as well as in internal R&D as well as in acquisitions, while I’ll acknowledge that those do take multiple quarters to play out. I wish it was quicker, but it is multiple quarters, but I would fully expect it at the same time as we complete the spin, we should be able to see those growth return in those parts of the portfolio and you got to fence of how we’ll do it across those various elements.
Arvind Krishna: Yes, great question, Amit. So, as you can imagine, this is something in which I think the only word I can use is, we are obsessive about this topic. We had our lists out. We knew exactly of what clients might be concerned about and I wouldn’t say that we are 100% perfect, but I think we feel very, very good that we were correct in our estimations of the level of concerns. To you give you a sense, we sort of internally, this is not something that we also tell the client, but based on the reaction, I mentioned that we already spoken to hundreds. So you can think that but now that we are ten days in, we have already spoken to at least between two and three hundred of the top clients where there is a strong intersection or where there is a very heavy SPINCO revenue base or deals that could be on the table. And from there, we have gotten back over 80% our corridor in the great to good to not really concerned. And I’ll come back and give some color on why we believe that’s true. Then there are some – we’ll do enough on both sides that they do have some concerns. Both of those concerns are around, who is team that will be providing service. Who is the person whose going to be on the ground and we should be very clear that SPINCO is going to head out on day one with $19, the same management team on the ground who runs it from the client up is going to be team that does it. Yes, it’s a corporate structure that we’ve put in place, but that’s not the team on the ground, just to be clear. They have very high satisfaction with the majority of their clients and that is because they bring both service excellence in terms of the service and the upturn that they provide, but also they bring very deep technical skills which is kind of gives them permission and the trust to play. So, when I put all of that together, I think that there is a couple of dozen clients where we just have to make sure that we can tell them who is the team there is going to be servicing them and as they begin to get comfort on that, I can see the level of anxiety reduce. But as I said, over 80%, they understood what was happening and also many clients the majority on one or the other of naturally for them there is going to be less of a concern. Now, to your point on why would they complete the deals. Look most of the larger deals are to our clients’ benefit. We don’t do something unless they are going to get a business benefit from that and in this environment if you want to go pause that for three or six months, you are going to defer your benefit for three to six months. So, I think what drives things and luckily they have a month to sort of on both side, both our team as they find to sort of understand each other then there is still enough time in the quarter to go get those deals done. So, the quarter will tell us whether we are right or not. But based on everything I can see, I am confident that actually we’ll be able to see most of the deals progress to a satisfactory conclusion.
Arvind Krishna: Hi, David. Look, the market is a $500 billion market from what we can see, from what IDC shows us, as well as what many other third-party consultants has told us. A couple of things in there. Within that, if I find where is our portfolio and our clients today, is probably more heavily weighted and about 60% of that total as opposed to all of it. And we think that the ability to form many more partnerships as standalone is going to allow IX to much more fully participate in the complete market. Two, we have waited pretty consistently that we are going to start them off with a investment-grade balance sheet. That should allow them to also make targeted acquisitions as appropriate. We can’t speak for that and we up to the management team post spin. But that is a place we are always in a market where it’s a scale game. That’s definitely a way that you can both grow and gain market share. And so, two, three, Jim mentioned that a third of the restructuring charge is for also improving the EBITDA profile of the spin company. That is going to allow them to also invest in new offerings in areas such as cloud modernization, as well as added offerings in aspects of compliance and security and resilience and also in much more automation which is going to allow them to deliver even higher service delivery excellence to their clients. So when I look across all those, the opportunity is certainly there. And freeing them up to deals which we might not do, because the margin maybe dilutive to us, but it’s going to be accretive towards the new company, two possibly M&A down the road, but that’s not for some time. And three, in terms of leveraging new offerings and partnerships with other companies who might be doing it, but maybe not as wholeheartedly as they would do it with an independent company.
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Look, just to reiterate, we have talked about growth. We have talked about a maniacal obsession on hybrid cloud and AI as the engines of growth for the company. But let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the discussion. We are certain on our direction even in these uncertain times. And we are laser focused on helping our clients with their digital transformation leveraging our hybrid cloud technology platform, our incumbency, and our expertise. And the actions we are taking starting now in the fourth quarter will enhance our focus and accelerate our future growth and I look forward to continuing this dialogue with you.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, Tien-tsin, this is Jim. I’ll take that one. Let’s talk a little bit about the quarter in what we just finished with regards to services signings. We’re pretty pleased given the overall macroeconomic environment and the rate and pace and the continued uncertainty. The teams executed very well, $9.5 billion of signings, up 5%. We got a $108 billion backlog right now that’s flat at actual rates, down 1% at constant currency. And to your point, we saw actually very good progress in large transformational deals. I think 11 in the quarter in excess of $100 million and eight of those in our GTS Manage Infrastructure Services business which saw a very strong renewal rate that talks to the value of innovation that they bring to our client set overall and that has led to year-to-date, I think we said in the prepared remarks, GTS up 12% signings and I’ll remind you, that was off of a third quarter last year while we grew 20%. So we are pretty pleased there and that’s led to a two point backlog improvement in our GTS business since January. But what we really have seen a marked inflection of some signs of demand change is in GBS. And you know while the revenue kind of played out consistent with 2Q, our signings were up double-digits, I think it was our third largest signings quarter almost in history and our both large and small deals overall and that was really a testament to our GBS capability around application modernization and being our clients’ provider of choice for digital transformation and journey to cloud. So, we feel pretty good about that. It’s good early trends. We got a very nice pipeline of transformational deals here in the fourth quarter and again, given our announcement ten days ago, we are spending a lot of time with our clients to make sure we minimize disruption, ensure stability and provide that client value going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Toni, this is Jim. Thanks for the question, multi-part. But let me take the first piece around, color around fourth quarter and then, Arvind can handle the capital allocation discussion around the strategy and I have to see if I can handle some of the numbers overall. But first, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, and you indicated the rate and pace of the recovery we still see is uncertain. And there is no real fundamental change in client buying priorities around cash preservation, around operational stability and consistent with prior quarters, that has led us to not give guidance. But, let me give you some color. First, we talked about at the onsite of COVID-19 that this has only accelerated our clients’ digital transformation and journey to the cloud and you see that playing out in our results over the last few quarters with continued very good momentum in our cloud business and in our Red Hat business. And when we look at fourth quarter, we see very healthy pipelines in hybrid cloud, AI solutions, App modernization, Cloud Transformation Services within GBS, Red Hat actual backlog growth is accelerating, up 23% at $4.7 billion and we see pretty healthy pipelines in our cloud and data platform and in our Cognitive Apps business led by Cloud Paks and Security. The two things that we called out though in our prepared remarks that we talked about the last few quarters and those are headwinds. And first in particular around TPP, our clients committed to that platform. We had a very strong 2019 and given the environment and the focus on cash preservation, we don’t see that coming back in the fourth quarter and it’s going to be pretty similar to the first half. And the second is our mainframe cycle coming off with a significant portion of the growth last year up 63%. So when you look at skew overall, in the fourth quarter, 3Q to 4Q, yes, I mean, there will be no reason not to expect a normal skew with regards to revenue. Some slight improvement in our software portfolio offset by TPP and we’ll wrap on the hardware piece. Now in terms of EPS, you saw the very strong fundamentals in third quarter coming off of strong 2Q. Operating gross margins up 160 basis points, operating pretax margin up 140 basis points. We feel very confident in the strength of our balance sheet, our cash and liquidity position to make sure that we can continue to invest in our business. We are starting that immediately here in fourth quarter around technology, around innovation, around skills, around capabilities, and you’ll see that play out in addition to the $2.3 billion structural charge. So, when you look at EPS, you all know the numbers, as well as I do. Over the last x number of years, our 3Q to 4Q pre the $2.3 billion charge has been a nice growth of about 50 – mid-50s. We should do maybe a little bit better than that, but I don’t think anything substantial about that. So, we see pretty similar dynamics. Arvind, over to you.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Keith. Actually, Arvind, if you don’t mind, let me take both. As I think part of the first question, you’ve already answered from a strategic capital allocation perspective on what we want to do with regards to our investment profile both organically and inorganically. But Keith, the heart of your question gets to a mathematical equation. And I think, one, first, you got to recognize that there is always been seasonality in our free cash flow albeit we delivered $4.8 billion year-to-date in free cash flow overall, as you all know quite well, well over 50% of our free cash flow in this business comes in the fourth quarter. That, coupled with, we talked about two quarters ago at the onset of COVID-19 how the business model composition of IBM with its geographic diversification, its industry composition, its client segmentation, be a more large enterprise focus and its annuity content of both high value software, high value hardware platform and high value services piece provides a natural hedge in this environment the stability around revenue, profit and cash. Now, yes, over the last couple of years we’ve been driving around $12 billion of free cash flow in light of the economic challenges due to COVID-19, that number just trajectory-wise will be less this year. We’ll see how fourth quarter plays out. But we are very confident in our portfolio, in fact even more confident given the decision that Arvind and the entire IBM team and our Board made on October 8th around repositioning two market-leading companies. One within IBM and an accelerated growth profile with an already very strong EBITDA margin business that is going to generate significant cash and then two, a lead in the market-leading infrastructure services business that is 2x the next competitor and in that business as you all understand quite well, is a scale economics business. So, from that aspect, I think when you look at our fin flex, our fin flex only gets better and with our disciplined financial capital allocation policy that this company operates on, we feel very comfortable that we got ample free cash flow to invest in our business organically and inorganically to delever and hit those targeted leverage ratios and also to maintain our return to shareholder program with a secure dividend and sustainable dividend growth policy overall. So that’s the first question. Second question, when you look at GBS, as I talked about, we did see signs of demand improvement here in the third quarter and if you remember 90 days ago, we talked about the first half of second quarter and the second half of second quarter in the month of June and we saw some nice growth in June. While that continued into the third quarter where double-digit signings growth overall and by the way, Keith, that was pretty pervasive. That was good growth in consulting, but it was led by large transformational deals around application services in this environment to capitalize on our clients’ journey to cloud. That then drag listed our global process services where clients are now digitally reinventing themselves in how they run their companies around intelligent workflows. So we are seeing that demand inflection move now. To your question, that revenue is more long-term as we play out. But when we look at our current backlog and our current backlog runout for our GBS business, in 2021, we see GBS getting back to pre-COVID growth rates by mid-year and a big chunk of that is improvement across all the three sub-segments.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, Jim. This is Jim. Let me take that and then I could wrap it up with Arvind overall. As you know quite well, our disciplined capital allocation process first and foremost focuses on how we reinvest back in our business both organically and inorganically and we are focused now with the strategic move that we announced. We laid the foundation we talked on October 8th. We laid that foundation over the last couple of years, instantiated in the Red Had acquisition which was a bold move. We have been building and accelerating that growth. Now we want to capitalize on that $1 trillion hybrid cloud opportunity. Now with that said, just given our investor mix, outside of allocating capital and investment to our own business, when we have excess cash, we are going to return that back to shareholders. That priority right now is our secure dividend and sustainable growth policy and as we get back to our targeted leverage ratios, at that point in time we’ll reevaluate share repurchase. But there is no need talking about that right now.
