Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Wamsi. Thank you very much for the question. Let me address the Cognitive Solutions segment first and talk about constant currency and then get to the operating leverage component. And then, I’ll address your expense question next. Cognitive Solutions, first of all, as you all know, our financial model for the Cognitive Solutions segment is to deliver growth and also deliver operating leverage consistent with that growth. And what we’ve been seeing over the last couple of quarters, as we’ve been driving the acquisition integration synergies across our business, we’ve been seeing that operating leverage well in advance of our actual revenue growth within that segment. We’ve also been driving operational efficiencies and synergies around redefining how we do work, redefining development optimization, applying agile methodologies in getting better speed, responsiveness, cycle time and throughput and output within our organizations. So, we’re getting more value for dollar spend overall. And you see that play out in operating leverage in that segment in the first quarter and you’ve seen it play out in the second quarter with strong profit growth of 9% on that constant currency revenue growth. So, we continue to expect that as we move forward and will continue to leverage and get value out of that business overall. In terms of expense dynamics, you heard in the prepared remarks, our operating expense was better by 2%, but there are many different components within that operating expense 2% better. First and foremost, currency had impacted our operating expense by 2 points. Now, I will tell you that was about half of the impact or even a little bit less than half the impact than we expected 90 days ago, just given the volatility of what’s been happening in the FX markets, in particular around the U.S. dollar appreciation. So, the last couple quarters, currencies impacted by expense by 4 to 5 points, now, it was only a 2-point impact. So, our base productivity was about 4% better. And that is being driven as we continue to drive the operating leverage through our enterprise productivity initiatives around reinventing IBM and how we actually do work, changing our management system, addressing our structure, attacking cost and complexity, aligning decision rights and driving accountability. So, that 4% is a base level productivity that we’re driving and we expect that going forward. And then, I’ll just add one other point and that is on IP income. You see, through the second quarter, our IP income was down by over $100 million -- $115 million I think to be exact; and through the first half, it’s down nearly $250 million overall. So, we continue to leverage and monetize the value of our research and development spending and we continue to invest in those areas, and we’ll opportunistically optimize that through many modernizations models, but IP right now is down a 115. When you bring all that together, it’s delivering substantial operating leverage to our business, as you’re seeing here in the second quarter.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. So, thank you, Steve. Many questions there. So, let me take each one individually. First of all, yes, we had a very strong Systems quarter overall, both on revenue and on operating leverage where we grew pretax income over 10 points year-over-year. But, let’s put the quarter in perspective. We delivered 4% revenue overall, 2% at constant currency. It was our strongest constant currency revenue growth rate in over seven years. And it was led by our continued acceleration in our strategic imperatives which were up 15% at actual, 13% at constant currency. That was an acceleration from the first quarter. And within that our cloud business $18.5 billion, up 23%; our as-a-Service annualized run rate now over $11 billion, that’s up 24%; and our services businesses returned back to growth at constant currency, both GBS, which had a great quarter and TS&CP. But even if you take our Systems business and to your question around mainframe, and if we take mainframe out, you would see those same dynamics in the quarter-to-quarter acceleration of our strategic imperative business. And as you all know, in our as-a-Service acceleration of over $11 billion growing 24%, that doesn’t have any Systems business within it. And the last point I’ll bring up around top-line, then I’ll get to your other questions. We had broad-based geographic and sector growth across our business, probably the best breadth and growth across a number of countries that we’ve had in quite a period of time. 60 plus countries grew at constant currency, and that represented over 80% of IBM’s revenue. And if you extract out the mainframe cycle, we still had over 60% of our -- or excuse me, 60 countries that actually grew. And those are large countries like Japan, like UK, like Germany, France, Spain, Australia, many which are not mainframe dominant. So, we see continued momentum. Now, with regards to mainframe, I’m not going to apologize. This is the most enduring platform that you’ve seen out there, and we continue to capitalize on gaining new emerging workloads onto that platform. And we delivered substantial growth in the second quarter, over a 100% growth, and we tripled our installed MIPS inventory that we shipped. And we’re [captioning] [ph], over 60% of that MIPS ship is in specialty workloads. So through the first four quarters -- now, it’s a pertinent time to have the discussion, through the first four quarters, we are well in advance of what the prior cycle was. And with regards to your question about second half, I would expect that to continue in the second half as we move forward. We know in the fourth quarter that we got a tremendous compare, and I talked about that 90 days ago. So, we will have an impact, but we’ve got momentum in our services businesses returning to growth. And as you know that’s 60% of our business overall. Now, with regards to currency. I’m glad that you brought that up. We’ve seen dramatic volatility over the last 90 days since our last earnings call. And to put it in perspective, we had stated here 90 days ago that we expected about a 4-point tailwind in the second quarter coming off of a 5-point tailwind in the first quarter. And you see that that only ended up being a little bit over 2 points of a tailwind in the second quarter as the U.S. dollar appreciated significantly against most currencies. Now, when we look at the second half, the second half, we see about a 1 to 2-point headwind, currency will flip, and that’s about somewhere in the neighborhood of the $1.5 billion including second quarter’s $400 million that I talked about. Now, with that said, currency -- you understand the top-line dynamic of revenue, but currency also impacts margins and they impact expense. From a margin perspective, if you look at -- we’ve got two different businesses, we’ve got a product-based business and we’ve got services-based businesses. On product-based businesses, you don’t have a direct alignment of your sources of revenue and your sources of cost. So, that translation revenue impact that you see in our product-based businesses, a hardware, software and services, you will see a gross margin impact on that at the GP line. Services, where you have a much more alignment of source of revenue, of course you have basically a natural hedge, you won’t see a gross profit impact on that revenue translation. But as you all know, we drive a hedging programs to mitigate the foreign exchange volatility at a profit level. Why? Because it gives us time to address our pricing terms, our structure and our sourcing strategies. So, at a PTI level, you see a very de minimis impact in period. Currency doesn’t eliminate -- excuse me, hedging doesn’t eliminate, it only defers it, but at a profit level, it’s a very de minimis impact but it impacts the P&L differently as we move forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. As you stated, we delivered a very solid quarter at 2% constant currency. And I would say, it’s our third straight quarter of growth overall with an acceleration in terms of breadth and depth across geographies, across sectors and across countries around the world. But, let’s take a look at our portfolio. First and foremost, we are very confident in the portfolio lineup that we have here today around each of our segments. We talked about at our investor day the value differentiation of IBM. And that value differentiation is built around innovative technology, around deep industry expertise, and around trust and security, all delivered through an integrated model. And if you take a look at it, we talked about the key value differentiators as we move forward. And the value of bringing that together, I think you’re seeing instantiated now here in the second quarter with very strong growth overall in our systems platform, and the importance they play to our infrastructure, in our integrated model, you see our services base of businesses continue that trajectory improvement that we talked about starting in January of this year, we improved in the first quarter, and now we got both businesses back to growth, and we delivered double-digit signings at actual rates in the first half, which positions us well as we move forward. But, you know our model overall, we’ve done a lot of work around remixing our capital and investment to build out the portfolio that we have today. And we’re very disciplined in our capital allocation strategy. We said 70% to 80% of that capital and investment is going to go back to our shareholders in the form of share buyback and dividend and you saw us raise our dividend here in April this year, our 23rd straight year. But, the remainder is for us to use internally to build out our differentiated capability around investments in R&D and capital to drive leadership in AI, leadership in blockchain, leadership in security and leadership now in quantum as we move forward. But acquisitions are an integral part, and we’re going to continue to evaluate our portfolio and how we capitalize the value of those acquisitions, in light of the integrated differentiated strategy of the IBM Company going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. If you take a look at GBS in second quarter, first of all, we’re very pleased with our performance. The work that Mark and the team have done tirelessly to transform our structure, our business models, our growth platforms, the set of initiatives around productivity, we’re very pleased, and you saw that play out in continued trajectory improvement throughout the first half and returning to modest revenue growth and significant operating leverage and margin expansion, which we expect will be a big contributor in our second half services margin expansion that we talked about in the last question. Now, with that said, if you look at that acceleration and what’s been happening in the trajectory of our services business, first, as you all understand the dynamics of that business, you have to get signings that have to yield into backlog, which has to yield into revenue as we move forward. And we’re seeing tremendous momentum in our consulting base of business. We delivered 4% revenue growth, as you stated, in the second quarter. And that’s leveraging momentum around how we redesign our growth platforms, and how we redesign our service lines and offerings and practices. And we’re capturing higher value, value around digital transformation offerings that enable clients to move their journey to the cloud as we move forward, we’re doing great in our CRM practice, our workday practice, and we’re also capturing new emerging areas like blockchain, where we’re seeing good growth in our services base of business at all. And as you know and we talked about extensively at our investor webcast at the beginning of the year, GBS has a very integral part and an integrated model strategy of the IBM Company. They have the mission of bringing business and technology transformation together. So, the long answer to your question around, is consulting and GBS, a key leading indicator of dragging the rest of IBM, the answer is definitely yes.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Jim, and good to talk to you again. Thanks for the question. Yes. On TS&CP, similar to our discussion around GBS, we’re pleased with the trajectory improvement and the progress that we’ve been making within this business on a top line throughout the first half. We made sequential progress quarter-to-quarter. We have now returned to growth delivering $8.6 billion of revenue. So, let’s talk about a couple of the key components. First, we are capitalizing on tremendous momentum around enterprise hybrid cloud strategy. We are becoming the destination of moving and enabling our clients’ journey to the cloud. And our GTS business is an instrumental part of that strategy as we move forward. So, we got a lot of momentum in our enterprise hybrid cloud that as you see is delivering and as-a-Service annualized run rate of $7.6 billion, that’s up 30% year-to-year, and that has tremendous value as we move forward to continue getting scale efficiencies and the like. But, let’s talk about then the core GTS business overall. Infrastructure services returned to growth 1% in the quarter. And it’s really been built off of a very strong first half where we delivered double-digit signings growth at the GTS and TS&CP segment level. And now, you saw our backlog continues to improve. Our backlog now in total is $116 billion. And within that 30% of that backlog now is cloud as we continue to capitalize on the secular shift and deliver more and more value overall. Our integration software business has grown 1% and continues to grow through the first half. And what we’ve got to work on, and this is part of having an integrated portfolio and part of having success in other areas, our TSS business is down 4% but that’s a function of us significantly overachieving against our last program, our mainframe product cycle. And we see a deceleration in TSS, but we’re seeing the offset in our systems base of business going forward. So, when you look at that trajectory improvement, we returned our backlog back to flat in the second quarter in TS&CP. And again, a lot of work ahead of us. We got a few second half signings, we got a good opportunity pipeline, but I see continued trajectory improvement. And then our focus on margins as we move forward in the second half to deliver second half services gross profit margin expansion are going to be critical to our guidance.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, David. Thank you very and good to hear from you again. Before I get to the long-term view, I mean, I think you kind of nailed it. Let’s talk about our free cash flow guidance here through the second quarter and more importantly through the first half. First of all, we talked about entering the year that we expected $12 billion of free cash flow; that was down about $1 billion. If you remember, at that point in time, we talked about we were going to continue to invest in our business in terms of capital, to build out our IBM Cloud architecture. And by the way, in the second quarter, I think you have seen the announcement where we expanded 18 new availability zones around the world. So, we are committed to winning in the cloud space, and we’re investing to go do that. But we also saw we’re going to have a significant cash tax headwind here in 2018. And then, our GAAP profit, as we start turning this business and deliver on our at least $13.80 was going to pretty much offset our strong working capital efficiency that we exited last year on with our mainframe cycle. So, through the first half, we delivered $3.2 billion of free cash flow. That’s down $400 million. But it’s important to understand the underpinnings behind that. Within that we’ve invested $300 million year-to-year, up 20% on capital already through the first half. And we’ve had strong operational pretax -- or excuse me, after-tax profit performance that’s delivered a positive contribution of $600 million to support that investment in capital as we move forward. So, when you do the math then, our entire year-to-year reduction through the first half is all driven by cash tax headwind. And that cash tax headwind is $700 million through the first half, and it’s all behind us now. So, our second half free cash flow, to your point, we’ve always said as a rule of thumb, free cash flow should follow our profit levels. And when you look at our realization, you see a playing out in our realization. We’re well in excess of 100%. And our trailing 12 months is at $12.6 billion and our attainment supports that $12 billion free cash flow level as we move forward. So, it’s too early to look at ‘19, we’ll deliver that in January, but at least hopefully the answer gives you some of the dynamics of what’s playing out within free cash flow.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Keith. So, thank you very much for just giving a better perspective of entirety of your multiple-part questions, so we can put this in perspective. So, let’s talk about -- I’ll drive you back to 180 days ago, when we were sitting here in January. We talked about the position where we were at. We talked about what’s going on with the dynamics of our backlog overall. And we talked about the backlog realization run-out that we saw over the 2018 period. And we said entering 2018 that we had a much stronger backlog realization or run-out I should say that we are starting with that we did entering 2017. And you’re seeing that play out as we go through the first half where we have made sequential year-to-year improvement over the first quarter and now returned both of our services businesses back to growth. Now, within that, as we stated earlier, in the human capital base services business, you got to continue fueling those signings that delivers backlog and more importantly, you got to drive the right composition of backlog that drives your backlog realization and yield, and also drives duration. And obviously what you’re seeing over time is you’re seeing I think a secular shift with regards to what’s happening to duration in long term contracts. You’re not seeing that anymore. So we’re getting higher yielding revenue, where also the composition of our backlog with consulting, which accelerated to 4%, that composition is much more shorter term and higher value, as we move forward. So, over the long run, you’re right. You got to continue to fuel signings to fuel that backlog. But I would tell you, outer years of six, seven, eight, nine, ten are very -- in today’s world, much less relevant than in period your first year, your second year, your third year in the composition. So, we do feel confident with that trajectory improvement, we came off in first half delivering good growth double digits in signings in the first half and the composition of those signings as I said, we already have 30% of our backlog that’s sitting in cloud. And by the way, over 40% of our backlog is now in key strategic imperative workloads overall. So, that’s kind of your first question. Your second question, AMS. We talked about AMS. Obviously that’s going through a secular shift in the industry, and you’re seeing that play out against all the competitors that are in the space today. But I would tell you, what differentiates IBM with regards to AMS. One, it’s our value of incumbency. The integrated play, the integrated model of IBM, the value of incumbency and the reason we’re in the AMS business is we understand our clients’ operating models, our clients’ workloads and our clients’ business processes. And we said entering this year that we were seeing success in us leveraging that value of incumbency to be the destination to help our clients with the journey to the cloud and move to the cloud. And we’re seeing that play out in the first half where not only in the first quarter, but also in the second quarter, we had double-digit signings growth in AMS business over time. Again, backlog, yes, is still down overall. Our revenue was down 3%. But, we see this inflection point as we move forward, and we continue to leverage and deliver that value for our clients as they move on their journey overall.
Jim Kavanaugh: Hey, Jim. Thank you very much for the question. It’s good question overall. Let me take a look at it. I’ve said from January, as we look at we obviously have multiple scenarios, how do we make at least $13.80. And what I look at and the team and the entire management team looks at is the trajectory of our business, the operational indices and the drivers as we see going forward of headwinds and tailwinds on how we deliver that guidance for our shareholders of at least $13.80. But, when you take a look at revenue growth, I said we would have revenue growth at current spot rates for the full year and that we would have pretax operating margin expansion and operating leverage in our business. So, to your question, what do we look at and what are the trends that are driving that. So, let’ unpack it, and I’ve talked about this the last couple of calls. And the way I look at margin expansion really centers around three or four major areas. Number one, margin expansion is going to be delivered through us continuing to leverage the momentum in our enterprise cloud and our as-a-Service-based business. Why? Because it’s going to generate scale efficiencies for us to deliver on what we’ve said at our Investor Day, which is margin accretion as we move through to the cloud. So, scale efficiencies, we are seeing that improvement in the first quarter, we’re seeing the improvement in the second quarter and it’s all being built off of the momentum around our cloud and our as-a-Service-based business. Second, we talk about mix, mix being another lever. So, you look at the mix of one within our each of our segments and how we’re shifting to higher value, which we’re making good progress. The best instantiation of that is GBS where they are getting better price realization and better value around remixing their offerings to better value but also across segments we have a big mix headwind as we talked about 90 days ago with regards to the mainframe cycle. So, we take that into account. But, the third bucket is around productivity. This is around how you transform the way you work, it’s predominantly led by our services base of business but it’s also about how we reinvent and how we run our company around our infrastructure and enterprise productivity. Both are giving us operating leverage as we move forward. We’re seeing the latter play out in our expense efficiency structure here in the second quarter and in our services base of business we talked about the work we’re doing around our workforce optimization, the significant actions we took in the first quarter. I said, it’s predominantly the yield on that is in the second half. And that should accelerate significantly, but we’re also transforming the way we actually deliver service, redesigning it, applying agile methodologies, infusing AI and automation, and driving a differentiated value to our clients to improve the quality in addition to the efficiency and margin. And then, finally, the last point which given services is 60% of our business, human capital-based business, you have to generate revenue to generate operating leverage. It’s tough generating operating leverage when revenue is down. And we’re seeing as that revenue trajectory improves and we’re seeing as we play out here in the second quarter returning services back to growth that we’re going to get the operating leverage as we move forward. And that’s what makes us confident in delivering at least $13.80.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. On each of them -- Amit, first of all, thanks for getting into the queue. It’s good to hear from you, again. But on each of these, I think I answered them already. But, let me just give the synopsis. On Cognitive, we talked about the different dynamics within our portfolio around TPS, which had been growing, leveraging the mainframe cycle, now is more in line with what our expectations are? And in solutions software, we’ve got strength in key strategic areas of our portfolio, analytics, industry verticals, both FSS, in health, in security and IoT. But, we’ve got work to do on modernizing those key three segment areas of talent, collaboration and commerce, and that as those secular shifts move much more aggressively to SaaS, that time to value gets realized over a longer period of time. So, we do see strength in certain components. We’re making investments in others to transform, as I talked about, modernize those offerings. And that will play out over time. But with that said, we’ve done all the work and are driving the acquisition integration synergies, the operational efficiency savings. So, we feel confident, even at this level of revenue, we can drive operating leverage within that business. And then finally, back to your question on margins. As I talked, first, I think value -- the way we manage this business, values instantiate in the services based business and gross profit margin. Values instantiate in the product based business in pretax income. Because you’ve got to recoup the return on investment of your go-to-market and your development. And I will not say I’m changing, I would say our operating view of the year of our financial model of revenue growth, of profit growth, of earnings per share is exactly the same. The only thing that’s different within that is the FX change in the last 90 days with the significant U.S. dollar appreciation. Now, we hedge, we hedge that mitigates that profit variability, but when you look at currency around the element of the I&E, you see how it plays out differently. And that transparency and credibility is what I feel is important for you and investors to understand, but it has no impact on our bottom line profit contribution and our delivery of our free cash flow and our at least $13.80 for the year. So, thank you, Amit. With that said, let me wrap up the call, where I started, by saying this was a good quarter and we’re pleased. We had solid revenue growth and profit performance. This reflects the work we’ve been doing to reposition our business in terms of our offerings, our people, the way we work and reinventing IBM. Now, as always, there’s more work to do. And I look forward to continuing the dialogue over the course of the year. Thank you all for joining us on the call here this evening.
