Mark Loughridge: Okay, Toni very good question. Let me start from a macro perspective for the second quarter. First of all, if you look at the kind of geographic breakdown going first quarter to second quarter, Americas was up 2% in the first one to 1% of the second quarter, really that differential was due to the software compare that we had in the second quarter of last year. And if you look at the third quarter just based on a compare basis, we’ll pick up another 2.5 points, so I feel pretty confident about that content, as it going to the third. Europe was up 1% in the first quarter, relatively flat in the second quarter; we will talk about that a little more. In Asia, it went from plus 1% in the first quarter to up 4%, so real strength in Asia. If you look at the distribution of that performance across the month, that was relatively linear; in other words, it didn’t have big fluctuations across the month, but if anything, it relatively strengthened as we went through the quarter, so June was little stronger than the rest of the quarter. In some of our transactional businesses like our hardware base of business, in fact, we noticed that against typical ways of performance had a pretty [down good] last week of the quarter, indicating momentum as we are going at the third. So that’s why I’d give kind of an overview. Now from a markets perspective, let’s talk about the growth markets. They continue to perform well across the board; BRIC countries were up 12%, they represent about a third of our overall growth market business; within that China was up the very impressive 24%, and I’d remind you, we now have opened our 68th face-to-face branch in China, we have over 100 virtual branches. Total growth markets outpace the majors again by 9 points, this quarter up 8% on a constant currency basis and within that, we have 32 countries up double digits, every sector grew, every brand grew, software and services were up 10% our z business in the growth markets was up 11%, so I think this reflects really kind of broad based strong performance in those markets. Major markets as you would expect little more mix, I just going to spend a little time on Europe; within Europe, we did see growth than the U.K. and Spain, U.K. for their 11th quarter in the row, Spain, the seventh quarter, Germany was flat and now this is the third quarter of either flat to modest growth at Germany, but again, Italy and France were down, so kind of mixed performance within the European geography. Third, I kind of look at brand performance, so on a software base, we had strong performance in Europe and Asia. And in North America was really, as I said earlier, kind of an issue of compares which we can talk about a little later. Hardware at this point in the cycle, no real surprises, and I said early, if anything z did a little better job as it went through the quarter. Again, real strength in z, up a 11% in growth markets. In services, I would say, really pretty consistent with last quarter. Now to your services point, if you do the math, we had said, that opening backlog drives about 70% of revenue. So 70% of the 3% backlog run out would be about 2%. So if you look at GTS, certainly that a conformed with that kind of a relationship. In GBS, we are down 1%, we did see in GBS, some improvements in Japan in public sector but they were still down. Now within the GBS business, what I’d point out within the organizational structure, as we move resource some kind of historical big rollout complex product structures, that are often times custom into our growth initiatives, you’ll see some impact in that translation, but what we see in those growth initiatives within GTS, really strong growth performance, up double-digit across the board within GBS, and likewise, then IBM, up strong double-digit across the board, pulling with it about 50% software mix. Within that GBS content alone, the margins within those growth initiatives are about three points richer than the balance of the business and that help, contribute to return to proper growth in the GBS in the second quarter, up 7%.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Great question, Bill. So if you look at the full year we’ve taken our guidance up to at least $15.10 and that would imply for the second half about 10% EPS growth. Now within that EPS growth, it’s reasonably distributed across both the third and the fourth quarter if anything a little skewed to the fourth quarter of the new product announcements. Currency in the second half is going to be a headwind, about four to five points in the third quarter, two to three points in the fourth and that spot rates that would be a headwind for us, about $2 billion in the second half compared to the $1 billion that we just had in the second quarter. On a third quarter basis, I would say that our constant currency revenue growth should be approximately equal to what we saw in the dynamics in the first half of the year with the fourth quarter really presenting opportunity with our new announcements for additional growth. So back to your second half of your question, we regard this really as an all in forecast. We realized that we do have some tax headwind as we entered the third and the fourth quarter. The divestiture of our retail store systems business should generate a gain of about $450 million to $550 million in the second half. We do expect to close that shortly with the major countries really closing first. So the gain will be recognized as we close those counties and get the cash. And I would expect that both of that to happen in third quarter, but based on country closing some may extend in to the fourth. Now, as we’ve discussed a number of times in the past, when we get that cash inflow from a divestiture, we put that to good work to improve the productivity of our business and that’s why these divestitures are accretive to IBM. So constantly, we will also have workforce rebalancing in the second half, I expect slightly greater than the first half of 2012. Now that workforce rebalancing will be focused on our non-U.S. operations, very little, but really in the U.S. So all in all, we feel optimistic about our hand for the second half in spite of the headwinds that we see.
Mark Loughridge: Sure, sure, absolutely, Ben. So first of all in the context, as we go into the second half of the year for our services business, we see strong profit growth across services from both the GTS and GBS organizations. So I think we have a very good hand as we go into. Now you know we run this business for profit and cash contribution, a couple of key dynamics within that, within GMU, we had very good margin performance in our business there, our revenue in GMU, our growth markets unit is up 10%, that’s 10 points faster than we see in the major markets. In fact, over time that’s driven our backlog to also be up 10% in our growth markets unit. Our transactional business, if you look at the growth initiatives, cloud is more than double, so consequently we see our backlog up to 6%. We have growth in really 14 straight quarters in our transactional business. And I want to return again to the work that we’re doing on ongoing basis in productivity because I think a lot of this is really leadership work on the part of our services organization, especially the GTS content that we saw this quarter driving that 24% increase year-to-year. A lot of that is driven by automation and the partnering that they’ve done with research that gives us unique capability that I don’t think you’d see in our competitors. As well as utilizing the global scale, but once again I want to turn to the work that we’ve done on the distribution of profitability in our contract. So once again, if you imagine this as a normal curve distribution of the profitability within the services contracts, they did a very discrete piece of work on how to improve the value contribution in the context of those – contracts in that weaker end of the distribution. And that contributed about a third of that 24%, we should see that ongoing to some degree as we go through the year, and I think as we continue to work on that weaker side of the distribution and move actually the average to the right, we continue to contribute. Again, if you wanted to put in a context of backlog, to generate that same level of profitability in our outsourcing business, our opening backlog this year would have needed to have been richer by about $5 billion to $10 billion. So once again you can see how the impact of that work, how it is relative to the backlog and I think it’s very consistent with our overall objective to manage these business for profit and cash generation.
Mark Loughridge: Well, first of all I want to point out that that work really driving that impact really is something that the GTS organization has been implementing relatively over the past six to nine months starting out. So, and the objective was, we do so much work in driving our competitive position on the engagement, what can we do to really help drive our level of productivity in a ongoing basis as well. And so to start that, it seemed very logical, let’s pick the contracts that really in that left tail of the distribution of contracts. So that was the first starting point that they took. And then they applied kind of leadership delivery content, real value ad content and these are elements that when you apply them to the left hand tail of the distribution, if you can move that average it has tremendous impacts. So I think that that approach, that approach of really on an ongoing basis working hard to apply better value contribution to drive that margin is something that we can continue to apply both in our GTS and GBS businesses and they really had substantial impact that contribute to that operational performance that we saw in GTS.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Well, if you look at the high-end performance, I quite agree with your observation. For this position in the product cycle we do really have stronger z performance than you would have statistically kind of expected to have. A lot of that, in my opening remarks, we saw downward growth in our z content in the growth markets. And so, the growth market z content was up 11%. Well, you can drive 11% growth in the substantial part of your business in those growth markets that have new opportunities for us that obviously has substantial leverage in our business. So the z performance did improve. Some of that was backend loaded in the quarter and we did see, as I pointed out earlier, that last week of the quarter we saw an uptick in our SCV business as we left the second entry and the third. On an x basis, they really did face a very tough competitor last year. If you remember they were up 15% in 2011. So that really did contribute to a lot of it. The high-end, we did have a double-digit growth and we’ve had double-digit growth on the high-end for eight of the last nine quarters including the second quarter. So as we go into the second half, we do have some very good content the x series business will take advantage of their content within peer systems. And they will be part of the move as we go into our second half announcements of volume roll out.
Mark Loughridge: Well, if you look at our cloud offerings and we’ve been pretty pleased with the overall growth rates. So if you look at that first half, we had very strong performance with our roll out doubling, as we went through the first half. And that’s been a big part of the overall momentum we see across our growth initiatives business analytics, Smarter Planet or growth markets and our cloud performance. Now, within cloud, we do drive public cloud, but we also drive the enterprise attention for cloud and the mechanisms for our customers to set up their cloud operations within their business, and in sometimes are more responsive to their requirements for real security and which we can provide as well, but overall we think that the cloud business both in 2011 and first half of 2012 has been spot on for us.
Mark Loughridge: Well, that’s a great – that’s really a great point, Steve. I think as you look across the sectors, it really gives an interesting perspective on our business. So if you look at general business GB, I mean that was up 5%. Frankly, within GB we have really 60% of our Smarter Planet references, so it’s a pretty strong sector in its own right, but it’s also a good vehicle for many of our growth initiatives. And that plus 5% is – representative of 10 consecutive quarters of growth. Secondly in public, public was up 4%. And if you look underneath public sector government was up 4%, education was up 16% and our health and life sciences business was up 3% for the 21st quarter of growth in that area. Within our public sector and education, we installed the fastest computer in the world in the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory. So very good performance in public and an indication of the kind of roll out our initiatives have had. In industrial, we were up 3% that was highly driven by automotive that was up 11%. And as you said, when you open financial services was inline with IBM; interestingly, within financial services, our growth markets unit was up 12%. So really, really strong performance in the financial service in our growth markets business.
Mark Loughridge: Yeah. No, I think, I think that’s a very important question. So if you look at the software business, let’s first look at the performance we had in the non-U.S. business, so for software outside of U.S., we had 4% growth in Europe, now that’s a very, very good performance in my book in Europe in the current conditions; in Japan, we had 6% growth in software; in growth markets, we had 10% growth in software. So all of those constant currency references all strong performance from my perspective all were meeting the objectives that we had set. The U.S. organization really faced just the difficult compare in last year, I mean that’s kind of function of their achievement in the prior year, they’re up 17%. So that 17% historical achievement drove the performance last year for the total software business is 10.5% growth. So as we look at the compare for the third quarter that’s about 8% growth. So we’re going to pick up about 2.5 points just on a compare, as the software business moves into the third quarter. Now the other point I wanted to make is, we are continuing to invest in the software business in a very big way, acquisitions to drive and integrate with those solutions, continuing the higher 1 to 200 software reps every month, so we think of anything we have a very strong hand as we go into the second half. I think the first half performance was very, very good; and in the third quarter, we should see growth rates so we are consistent with the first quarter performance.
Mark Loughridge: Well, first of all, when you look at the overall performance in the business, our transactional backlog is up 6%, and we had growth in our transactional backlog now for 14 straight quarters. So I think that’s pretty good performance on that transactional side of the house. And if you look at the operating base for the – outsource inside of the house, we do have very strong growth, in our overall services business, in our growth markets. So I think we are driving aggressively around the world. I think we are driving leadership costs, I will say that consistent with the IBM business point of equation we are driving for real profit and cash generation and return on our investments, but I think we’ve got a good play with some areas of very strong performance.
Mark Loughridge: Yeah, one way to look at that relative mix is to look at it both from kind of a sector stand – let’s look it from a sector standpoint, then let’s look it from a brand standpoint and then we’ll look at the distributed across the growth within country. So, first of all, if you look at the performance in the growth markets, I mean, I think for them they’re once again be stronger than we had seen in the major markets by nine points and that’s a trend line that we’ve seen in 2008, 2009, 2010. We’ve seen that for a long time, 2011, first half of this year that has been a very, very consistent phenomena for us. And if you look at the individual quarter it’s been pretty strong by individual quarters. Now if you look at the BRICS, the BRICS were up 12%. Within that, as I have said, China was up a very strong 24%. Russia was up very, very strong. Within that mix of business we had real power within the z side of the house in China, but if you look at across the sector dimension, and the brand dimension, I mean we had really strong growth in our sectors, every single sectors had growth, strong growth in the growth markets. We had very strong growth across every single brand, our software business grew double-digit, our services businesses grew double-digit within our STG content, with z growing a 11%. And I’d remind you that it’s not just constructed within the BRICs, that’s about a third of our business. So two thirds of our business was also going very, very well and we had this double-digit growth phenomena across 32 countries. So I think the composition of their growth this quarter was balanced across the sectors, was balanced across the brands and indicative of both the BRIC countries and the broader view of the growth market. So with that let me ramp up the call. I think our results demonstrate the strength and resiliency of IBMs business model delivering profit and cash on a sustained basis. And despite currency headwinds and a tough type line compare, we delivered strong performance, 8% growth in profit, 14% growth in operating EPS both in the quarter and for the first half. But I don’t want you to miss, what I consider to be the most important metric this quarter, and that’s our cash performance. I mean, we generated $18 billion of free cash flow over the last 12 months, and that’s a milestone for IBM. Let me put that in perspective. We generated $16.6 billion last year. 10 years ago, we generated just under $6 billion, so in the last decade, we’ve increased the level of free cash flow generation by three times and I think that’s a real achievement because it’s left free cash flow that’s in fact the fuel that we use to power this engine. So all of this gives us confidence to take up our expectation for the full year to at least $15.10 of operating EPS. That’s up 12% from last year and on track to at least $20 in 2015. So thanks for joining us and now, as always, back to work.
