Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Thanks, Amit. And it’s a good place to start here talking about the characterization of our quarter, now that we’re through three quarters of 2018. But, I guess from my perspective, I would say, first, we had a solid quarter. We delivered $18.8 billion of revenue, which was consistent with our guidance of a typical quarter-to-quarter seasonality, even in light of a strengthening U.S. dollar, which continues to go against us. But, the headline overall would be, we fundamentally have taken the actions to reposition our business entering 2018. And you see that play out as we enter the second half where we grew operating profit, we expanded operating pretax margins by 50 basis points, we grow EPS 5% consistent with the first half, and we continue to drive strong free cash flow realization to deliver value back to our shareholders. Now, some of the underpinnings behind that. One, we still see strong demand in key high value segments and you see that play out in our third quarter performance, and we think that will continue moving forward. Areas like hybrid cloud where we’re winning with our hybrid cloud value proposition to the marketplace, data and AI, security, digital, all of these are instantiated in our strategic imperatives, which now from a trailing 12-month perspective were at $39.5 billion, pretty close to that $40 billion target that we put in place well over three years ago, when the IBM company had less than 25% of its portfolio in strategic imperatives; today, we’re roughly at 50%. That’s a massive transformation over a period of time. And that’s led to significant improvement in trajectory of our revenue growth overall, whereas quarter -- year-to-date, we’re up 2%. But underneath that you see some of the areas of growth around cloud, $19 billion, growing 20%. And within that, it’s being driven by our high-value as-a-service content, driving our cloud component. That’s up now to $11.4 billion on an annualized exit run rate, growing consistently at 24%. But, if you put all that together, yes, we’re seeing the underlying fundamental shifts of our top line. We’ve done the tough work to transform our portfolio. But really, what I would call as an inflection point as we enter the second half of the year is what’s happening with our operating leverage. And you see that play out in our gross margin performance, which is the best we’ve had year-to-year in over three years. Now, let’s talk a little bit about that, because each of you is analyst; and more importantly, as I go out and meet with many of our investors, it is a very critical signpost in a high-value-based business model. And they’ve been talking about our gross margin performance and when are we going to stabilize and how are we going to get back to expansion towards our model. And we talked about as we entered the year, we knew we had headwinds coming into the second half, predominantly around mix, mix around our successful mainframe launch but also mix is starting to hurt us from a currency perspective as we talked at length 90 days ago on how currency and the strengthening of dollars is actually hurting our product-based businesses in hardware and software where you have a disconnect between your cost base, which is in U.S. dollars versus your actual revenue of local currency. So, we knew that headwind. And now, what we’ve been able to do is we’ve been able to reposition our services base of businesses, and you see not only that we return both units back to growth, we actually delivered 160 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year. That’s the best year-over-year in our services business in over five years. And we see that continuing and we expect that to continue to accelerate as we move into fourth quarter. So, you combine that margin with our continued enterprise productivity, and you see that we’re able to deliver strong operating pretax margins, and you couple that with our strong free cash flow which on a trailing 12 months is still in excess of $12 billion and free cash flow realization over 100%. And that gives us confidence to reaffirm our expectation of at least $13.80.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Katy. Thank you very much for the question. Obviously, we’ve still got a lot of work to do. We’re 16 days into a very important fourth quarter. We are focused on delivering consistent operational performance to deliver value for our clients in the marketplace and also for our shareholders. So, with that said, we’ll give updates on guidance in January. But, let me give you -- and to your point, let me give you kind of what we see as the trajectory of our business in the connotation of a headwind, tailwind as we move forward. So, let me first start with services. You see, as we entered 2018, we talked about we had a much better position on our backlog near-term runout, and you’ve seen that play out throughout 2018. And I think that’s a combination of us taking some very bold actions about repositioning our services business and capitalizing on a differentiated services model, services practices and services value propositions to capture the growth in digital, cognitive and cloud. And we see great momentum in our GBS base of business, both on top-line and on bottom-line as we move forward. In our GTS business, again, we continue to make progress, see acceleration in revenue through the third quarter. We are leveraging our differentiated hybrid cloud value proposition. Our clients value our incumbency. They value it because we understand their infrastructure, their workloads, and they trust us to move them to the future. And we talked about in the beginning of the year, when you look at our outsourcing backlog, we were hovering around 25% of a $90 billion outsourcing backlog. But right now, exiting third quarter, that $90 billion backlog give or take, we are now in about 32%, 35% cloud content. So, we are winning in the marketplace and our clients are choosing us to move down to the future. So, I continue to see both of our services business. Now, with that said, we got a big fourth quarter on signings. We fell short in third quarter on signings. And as you know, signings can vary. And really, all signings are not equal. The reality is, the duration, the mix of signings and also new logo versus just extensions, all can impact overall. But, when we look at our fourth quarter, we got the strongest line-up in greater than $100 million deals lined up that we’ve got a chance to exit the year with a very strong position in our services base of business. And when I couple that with our margin leverage that we’re getting out of that business, once you get the revenue growth, you see the fundamental operating leverage, I definitely see that playing out into ‘19. Now, on Systems, Systems as you talked about, we’re into our fifth quarter on mainframe. By the way, in terms of shipped MIPs as I said in prepared remarks, this is the most successful mainframe program that we’ve ever had. And we still grew in the third quarter, albeit mid-single-digits. Now, we know we wrap on that in the fourth quarter coming off of a 72% growth last year. But, you see the underlying innovation playing out in our Systems portfolio as we rolled out our new POWER9 architecture and we grew nicely in the third quarter by -- excuse me, 17%, if I remember correctly. And we see that continuing to play out as we rolled out mid-range and high-end late in the third quarter, we see that playing out in fourth quarter and next year also. And we’ve got also innovations coming out in our all-flash systems in storage, which is where we’re gaining share and winning in the marketplace. So, the innovation of continually modernizing those platforms and systems, power in storage, we should see some continued growth as we move into ‘19, but we will wrap on some very tough compares to mainframe, which leads me to Cognitive. And we focused on Cognitive throughout this year. One, in the third quarter, we dealt with some enterprise client buying seasonality. And as I said earlier, that will come back in the fourth quarter, just given where clients are at in their buying cycles about committing to the platform. But, we’ve been dealing with some issues around our horizontal apps. And as I said, that’s a function of a secular shift in client value and consumption models to as-a-service. And we’ll see that play out as we get into ‘19 and throughout ‘19. So, our focus has been on the key high-value emerging areas of Cognitive around our industry verticals and around our domains, like security, blockchain, which we see great opportunity, and we’re very pleased with that portfolio overall. So, kind of a posture around headwinds, tailwinds but we’ll give a lot more color as we get into January.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Toni, thank you very much. And as always, many very good questions that you bring up. But, I hope I can capture many of them. If not, Patricia can get to all of you after the call. But, first of all, let me start at the big picture. Free cash flow, as we entered 2018, we entered 2018 coming off of a very strong fourth quarter in 2017 where we drew -- we actually contributed significant working capital efficiency through the launch of our mainframe product cycle. And we said in our January call that we expected about $12 billion of free cash flow in 2018 and the drivers of that from 2017 were really going to be centered around, one, incremental cash taxes that would be a headwind to us in ‘18, and by the way, that is playing out, and all of that is behind us now as we exit the third quarter; number two, that we work on a plan on driving that strong working capital efficiency with the introduction of our mainframe as we exit the fourth quarter of 2018, and that would be a headwind; and then third, we said we were going to continue to invest in our business to capitalize on our innovation and differentiate value around our hybrid cloud. And we’ve continued to invest, actually invested more this year, because we’re seeing an accelerated growth in our proud overall. Our CapEx is up, I think year-to-date 21%. So when you put those three headwinds in play, that’s what you’re seeing play out in our free cash flows through nine months. And by the way, we still feel comfortable and expect about $12 billion for the full-year based on any metric I look at in payment wise and our trailing 12 months is at $12.2 billion et cetera. Now, let’s get to free cash flow realization. First of all, as you know appropriately so, we draw free cash flow realization compared to GAAP earnings and GAAP net income because we believe that’s the best way of doing realization overall. And you know within that, you’ve got not only our core operating profit but we got working capital efficiencies, you got CapEx, you got tax, you got pension, all of those can be variables in that free cash flow realization. But, if you look at the last couple of years, we’ve seen positive impact to our stated goal of at least 90% free cash flow realization, driven by working capital efficiency, it’s been driving that free cash flow above 100%; and then, also tax and pension, tax about 6 points, pension a couple of points year-over-year. So, when you take a look at those pieces, we feel comfortable in 2018 looking at both our expectation for non-GAAP and our expectation for GAAP that we will be well north of our realization here in 2018. And I’m factoring -- I would tell you, our factoring is no different from 2018. We use that appropriately as a risk mitigation strategy, to manage credit, to manage concentration and collection risk overall. And we’ll continue to use that judiciously, but I wouldn’t see any major change in that year-over-year. 
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Wamsi. Thank you very much for your questions. There is a lot there to compact into a one answer. But, let me talk about strategic imperatives first and then I’ll get into Cognitive next. But let’s put the strategic imperatives into perspective. So, as I stated on the call, trailing 12 months, $39.5 billion. We talked about three years ago, we put the signpost out there. They had $40 billion at that point in time, the IBM contribution was less than a quarter of IBM’s revenue. Now, we’re approaching 50%. We’re growing in the mid-teens, 13% I think, if I remember correctly, over the trailing 12 months. And that has lifted IBM’s overall revenue growth. As you’ve seen, year-to-date, we’re growing 2% at the IBM level. But within that strategic imperatives, our cloud business, to your point, is at $19 billion right now, up 20%. And the high-value as-a-service component underneath that is up 24%, consistent with where we’ve been in the first half of the year. And I think that’s an attestation to we are capturing the new and emerging workloads as the secular shift to as-a-service world is happening overall. Now, when you take a look at our strategic imperatives, let’s put this in perspective, where we were 90 days ago. We knew to hit that $40 billion that we needed to be at basically mid to high-single-digit growth in the second half. And we knew similar to how we laid out our expectation for guidance that we were going to wrap around the most successful mainframe product program that we’ve had in history. So, as we entered the second half, we knew we had a focus on driving that underlying high-value as-a-service content and continue to accelerate that to offset the impacts on that mainframe wrap around on product cycle. And you see in the third quarter, our strategic imperatives basically accomplished that. We did what we expected. So, as we look going forward then in the fourth quarter, we have to repeat what we just did in the third quarter. And the underlying acceleration in our base services businesses I talked about, the expectation as we have a great pipeline lined up for our software entering the fourth quarter based on those buying cycle seasonality that impact us in third quarter, we do expect to hit the $40 billion at the end of the year. And I’ll remind you, when we set that $40 billion target in 2015, we lost over $2 billion of revenue due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. So, you’ve seen what it’s done to transform our portfolio. It’s changed the mindset of how we run our Company, how we allocate capital and investment, and you see how that’s playing up with regard to the improved trajectory. Now, getting to Cognitive, and I’ll just talk about Cognitive SI, because to be honest with you, it’s a simple answer. We talked about last 90, 120 days about the challenges and headwinds we’re facing with regards to our horizontal application areas of talent, collaboration, and around Watson -- excuse me, marketing and commerce. We’ve been making progress and I’ll talk a little bit about that. But those three areas are still depressing our revenue. And as you know, there are secular shift to SaaS and consumption models, they hurt our as-a-service run rate. So, while we’ve been maintaining rounding up and down $2 billion of an as-a-service for the last couple of quarters, you’re seeing strength in areas like security in our industry verticals like healthcare and blockchain and Watson, but it’s getting depressed by those three horizontal app areas, and that will not play out until that time to value throughout 2019.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Tien-tsin, and thank you very much for the question. I think a little bit below, when you’re doing the math. I mean, we just beat third quarter by $0.02. But, let’s put that aside right now. As always, when we take a look at our following quarter and most importantly for the year, and it’s one of the same right now, we always have multiple scenarios taking into account, one, the trajectory of our business and also the fundamentals and the operational indices that we see. And all support our expectation of the at least -- excuse me, at least $13.80 of earnings per share. So, if you put that in perspective, how are we entering fourth quarter? Well, if you look at the fundamentals of our business profile through third quarter we’re growing revenue, we’re growing operating profit, we’re growing earnings per share consistently, and we’re still driving that strong free cash flow realization. So, kind of -- let me walk down the I&E and give you a perspective. And again, there are multiple variables here. But the way we kind of see it triangulating each of these pieces. First on revenue. On revenue, as you’ve seen in our supplemental charts, the dollar continues to go against us and strengthen against foreign currencies. And right now on revenue, we see about a 2-point currency headwind here in the fourth quarter, pretty consistent by the way with the third quarter. But, we would expect a normal historical quarter-to-quarter seasonality probably in the range of somewhere around 3 to 5 years, I mean average seasonality of 3Q to 4Q. But putting that in perspective, year-to-date grown at 2%; and where we think fourth quarter can be, we continue to feel that we expect full year revenue at current spot rates that we will grow. And again, I’ll make the statement, we’ve been saying that throughout the year. And from the trough of the U.S. dollar to FX, we’ve lost $1.5 billion of revenue since that period of time. But, we still feel based on the fundamentals and our underlying business that we will see growth moving forward, with regards to that content. So, now, let’s turn to margin. Margin though is where we made the most progress. It is how you instantiate value. And when you take a look at, again, 90 days ago, nothing’s different. We expected a headwind on product mix, and now we’re dealing with a headwind on currency with regards to our product based businesses. And we’re more than offsetting that with services. We delivered our best year-to-year margin performance in the third quarter, led by services up 160 basis points year-over-year. The tough work we’ve done around shifting to higher value, we’re starting to see the realization in our margin on that. The momentum that we’ve got on our hybrid cloud value proposition, we’re starting to see the scale efficiencies. And the productivity benefits are playing out as we move forward. So, when you take a look at margin, we see our margin continue to accelerate and approaching our model here in the fourth quarter. And then, you combine that with the work we have done about fundamentally changing the way we operate this Company and our enterprise productivity. I’m talking about things like embedding agile into all of our methodologies, transforming the way we work, embedding automation, AI, becoming a cognitive enterprise. With that enterprise productivity, we see our fourth quarter operating pretax margins expanding significantly as we move forward. So, the last thing I’ll bring up is tax. And as you know, on tax, in our third quarter our underlying rate was still 16%. We did have a discrete in the third quarter. But, if you look at our fourth quarter, we continue to expect our underlying rate to be 16% plus or minus to 2 points. And I’ll tell you when you take a look at fourth quarter, fourth quarter always has the biggest variability in tax. Go look at the fourth quarter over the last 5 to 10 years. Why is that the case? Because one, it’s our largest transactional quarter. So, the product mix and geographic mix has a major implication on our underlying rate, but also tax events typically happen in the fourth quarter. Tax closures, audit closures, statute explorations, each tends to drive variability overall. But with that said, consistent with what I’ve said all year along, we expect on a full-year basis that our tax rate all-in printed will be a headwind. So, you put all those elements together, we expect the full-year guidance of at least 13.80; and as I said earlier, about $12 billion of free cash flow.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thank you, John. I appreciate it, a very good question. And to be honest with you, I haven’t talked enough about mainframe because we couldn’t be more pleased with how we’ve been able to leverage our high-value innovation technology, which really is instantiated, and I would argue one of the most enduring platforms that delivers tremendous value to our clients overall. But with that said, mainframe, we had a good quarter in mainframe. It is the 5th quarter we’ve wrapped, we grew 6% on a successful z14 launch. And again, I’ll remind you, that’s of a 62% growth last year. We had double-digit growth in MIPs, 20%. And by the way, as you get to the back half of the mainframe cycle, we drive margin expansion, and that happened here in the quarter. So, again, best program ever. Against the prior cycle, we are still well in excess of that prior cycle. And I would expect us to continue to be well in excess of that prior cycle here in the fourth quarter. Although, I’ll caution you in a GA [ph] plus 5 or 6 quarter in, we typically do not grow. And again, we’re coming off of 71% growth last year on a strong launch. But, we are very pleased with the platform, the pervasive encryption, value proposition is really resonating. Now, as we get into the back half of the cycle, we drive margin expansion and now we start seeing the rest of the platform stack play out with regards to our maintenance base, our IGF base, our software base that’s on top of it.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. David, thank you for the question. Cognitive, so, from a net perspective, then, I’ll expand. We were impacted by enterprise client buying cycles, as I said in prepared remarks. And also challenges that we’ve talked about last quarter around our horizontal apps, in particular, talent collaboration and marketing and commerce where we’re seeing in some green shoots but again, time to value in that as you shift to SaaS, all you know quite well will play out as we get into 2019. But, let’s take a moment and really unpack this segment. To your point and part of this, I think is on us. But, there are many different pieces of this segment. So, we have a strong portfolio of high-value areas around domains like security, analytics, blockchain. We’ve got industry verticals like healthcare, our FSS portfolio, and IoT. We’ve got horizontal apps, as I talked about, like talent, collaboration and marketing in commerce. And then we have transaction processing software. So, let me unpack this. But, I’ll remind you, this segment’s high-value, high-margin. And we continue to expand even in third quarter and third quarter year-to-date, we’re expanding our pre-tax margins overall. But let me give you the different dynamics and how they’re playing out, I’ll do it kind of headwind, tailwind. First in terms of headwind, as you could see through the prepared remarks, we were impacted by TPS and by our horizontal apps. So, let’s talk TPS. TPS, high value business. Strategically important to our clients. By the way, it encompasses mission-critical systems that run many industries like banking, like airlines, like retail, and there is seasonality to this business. And what you saw play out in third quarter was tied to enterprise client buying cycles that really reflect the time of when they commit to choose to go to the platform. And what we see right now, when you look at the last couple years by the way, a 2-year CGR [ph] kind of within our long-term model expectations. We had a strong growth last year, down 8% this quarter, but when we look at our fourth quarter, we actually see a very strong pipeline because we’re in the sweet spot of what that client buying cycle is here in the fourth quarter. And with that, we expect growth in this part of the portfolio here in the fourth quarter, and that will lead to much better software performance overall. Around our horizontal apps, again, we talked 90 days ago. What did we say? We were going to strategically invest and we were going to take action, action around revitalizing our portfolio to be more digitally consumable, around investing, around high-value embedding AI and Watson to differentiate, and around actions we were going to take around portfolio simplification, and repositioning our platforms for further innovation. And we’ve made progress, I’ll tell you, in collaboration, as I said in the prepared remarks. We’ve had our biggest release ever of Notes/Domino Version 10 focused on mobile, supporting JavaScript, Node.js more open than ever, integrated with other platforms like Salesforce, ServiceNow, Watson, Weather, and we expect that to play out as we get into ‘19 with that innovative technology. And in commerce and talent, we’ve been making innovation and investments on embedding AI so we can differentiate our value proposition in the marketplace to win. And I would tell you early signs -- we got some green shoots. Our SaaS signings are growing, and in particular in commerce and in talent, collectively they are growing significant double-digit in the third quarter. So, there’s some good green shoots starting out, but again, that will play out as we get later into 2019 and we can ramp and scale. And then, finally, I’ll wrap up on our high-value industry verticals and domain areas. We had good growth in security. We have a differentiated value proposition. We’re gaining market share. We’re the industry leader. We expect that to continue. And in health, we had strong growth in health, pervasive across the platforms and we’re scaling. We’re scaling new emerging areas like blockchain, where again, we’ve got 75 active blockchain networks in production, and we’ve got engagements in over 500 clients around global trade, universal payments, around trade finance, around food safety, et cetera. So, we see that part of the portfolio continue to improve. So, when you bring it all together, we expect with a strong pipeline that we would return IBM software back to an expectation of modest growth in the fourth quarter. And we’ll see as we get through fourth quarter, how that momentum will continue in ‘19, and we’ll talk in January.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure. Thank you very much for the question. I appreciate it. Remember, within this segment, we got multiple components. And I think you want to get to the services aspect of Technology Services and Cloud Platform. But, let me start first with the integration software, which is essential part of our integrated value proposition around our hybrid cloud strategy, which differentiates us in the marketplace. You’ve seen consistent growth over the last couple quarters. And we think given that differentiated value proposition that we’ve got momentum in that space, and we’ve always focused on being open, a secure platform in driving differentiation around multi cloud as we move forward. That integration software is going to be a critical component of that moving forward. So that’s that. Now, let’s go to our Technology Services or GTS part of the business. Remember, that’s made up of two primary offering segments, one TSS, which has been a drag on us throughout 2018, and that is entirely aligned to what our expectations would have been with a mainframe product launch cycle. Typically, we’ll see that cycle hurt us in the first 5 to 6 quarters and then it comes back and accelerate, especially coupled with our extension into multi-vendor service where we’ve been quite well as we move forward. And the margin dynamics by the way are very strong in that portfolio. So, as we start accelerating growth, we’ll see better operating leverage in that segment as we go forward. And then finally, you have your core infrastructure service offering, and that ties right back to our overall outsourcing backlog that you quoted and it ties back to our success in moving our enterprise clients to the cloud. And I talked earlier about over 30% of our backlog now sits in cloud in new SI content is approaching 45% overall. Durations, you’re right, have been reduced as we continue to execute. And again, fourth quarter is huge. We expect a good quarter, and that will position 2019 as we execute to deliver the value for our clients.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks, Joe. I appreciate the question overall. Obviously, we’ll get into 2019 in January. We got a lot of work to do ahead of us. Again, as I said, we’re 16 days into arguably the most important quarter, given the amount of large transactional business that we’ve got to get done. I talked about my answer on Cognitive. We see a good opportunity pipeline ahead of us right now. We believe in the portfolio, the strength of it, the offerings we have to deliver differentiated value to our enterprise clients overall. And we expect, as I stated, IBM software to return to modest growth here in the fourth quarter. And as we play fourth quarter out, we’ll see, as we get into January where we move forward. You’re right, our model is mid-single-digit growth. We believe we’ve got the right portfolio for that. But, as always, portfolio optimization has been a critical strategy to our overall business model and our financial model. And you’ve seen that play out over time not only on where we invest our capital organically, but where we leverage M&A and how we create value for our clients and for IBM shareholders and also where we divest in areas that either didn’t meet our strategic fit or our financial requirements on where we see growth and more importantly profit pools move forward. So we’ll continue to evaluate that, and we’ll update you in 2019 on where we’re at. So, with that, let me close up the call. And I like to thank all of you for joining us here today. So, our results through the third quarter reflect the work we’ve been doing collectively across 366,000 IBMers around the world, around how we reallocated capital, how we’ve taken bold actions around where we placed our investments, and how we’ve repositioned our business. And then we’ve done all the work on how we transform the way we operate in our operating model overall. And you see that play out in our margins, in our level of operating leverage and productivity here in the third quarter, which we expect going into fourth quarter and beyond. You see those results, profit margins are strong. You see it in the innovation and differentiation that we’ll bring into the market, especially in areas like hybrid cloud, how we’re winning in digital with our GBS business and around data and AI and security. So with that said, we’ll talk more about hybrid cloud in particular at the end of this month, when Arvind and Martin Jetter will host the next webcast in our investor webcast series. So, I’d like to thank you all for joining us today. And as always, it’s back to work for all of us. Take care.
