Mark Loughridge: Well, let’s look at the third quarter. I mean, in the third quarter, on current basis, we look at revenue going against us by about a point. And if we get the acceleration of revenue that we’re looking for from Services Business now with better momentum and on better trajectory, Software repeating the kind of quarter that they had, and now the new-announcement content, I mean, I will look at that third quarter and I would say, yes, we should be generating positive revenue growth even in the face of that currency fluctuation. 
Mark Loughridge: Yeah, let’s step back. On the signings basis as we analyzed it, you know, we had – on the – in the GBS Business we had good revenue growth, we had positive signings performance. So then when you look at Global Technology Services, the issue that we wrestled with was really in our outsourcing business.Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets:  Right. 
Mark Loughridge: And the point I was making on the outsourcing business is that if you look at kind of the completion of those signings, by analyzing the larger deals, we actually did very well on a year-to-year basis on the new-business signing. And it was not only a year-to-year basis, but it was also quarter-to-quarter. So if you look at deals greater than $50 million in outsourcing, that new-business content was up 33% year to year, it was up 36% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. That frankly, generates better near-term characteristics than we see in extensions, obviously. And it gives us confidence as you look at the second-half billions in outsourcing this quarter, we’ll frankly get much better characteristics on a revenue side from those signings than we did last year at $8 billion.  Now, two your point about the trend laying on this and the characteristics, as we looked at the analysis, frankly, we believe that last year we had a high level of extensions because our customer base was wrestling with the economic difficulty of the recession and there were a lot of contract renegotiations. And in part of those contract renegotiations we saw a number of extensions. But I think, frankly, as we’ve worked with the operational team, we believe the bulk of that trend is in the rearview mirror. And I do think it’s quite reasonable to be encouraged by the strong growth rate that we did have in a new-business content. And that’s what really led us to project on a forward-looking basis that we ought to have improving revenue characteristics even as we move into the third quarter in GTS as well as GBS. 
Mark Loughridge: Sure, let me start with public sector. I mean in public-sector basis, if you look at the US Federal performance, we did pretty well. You know, revenue was up about 5%. So if you look as you kind of mentioned in your remarks, Ben, it was really – State and Local was more challenging. And as you look at it, I think it’s more indicative of the State and Local Governments wrestling with tough local budgets. When you then say, well, how did we perform on a growth market basis? Like the US, state, and local, I mean Australia was down, but we had a number of very strong performances in public sector in our growth market. So as an example, ASEAN was up 11%, India was up 14%. China was up 16%. Korea was up 10%. Latin America was up a whopping 77%.  So I did see public-sector challenges in state and local in North America. I think US Federal did pretty well, up 5%. And we had a number of very strong performances in public sector in our growth-markets unit.  Now, turning to your second question, on Europe in general, really Europe had pretty good performance if you look at that growth rate compared to first quarter. That was in fact an acceleration. And they were more affected than North America by the PLM divestiture to Dassault. So frankly were it not for that, they would have been flat.  I do think however, it’s interesting when you look at the characteristics and the overview of our business, that this is the first quarter where our growth-markets unit has equaled in size the content that we have in the Euro-Zone. So that will obviously be an ongoing trend. We’ve had our growth-markets growth rate exceeding that in major markets now for, I think it’s ten quarters in a row. And generally, it’s in that magnitude of about eight points. Interesting, this quarter, it’s in fact ten points.  But we saw improvement in year-to-year growth rate across the board even in Europe. We did well. Some counties in Europe, you look at the UK, we’re up 11%. Last quarter, UK was up 8%, and the fourth they were up 4%. So it does vary quite a bit by individual country.
Mark Loughridge: Yeah. I mean, I think what you saw in the quarter is a function of the anticipation of the new announcement content we have coming out in the third quarter. And by the way, these are very strong announcement. I mean, the Z series, this is a major new announcement. It’s not just a new Z, it’s now Z and a system of systems implementation. And we’ll be able to tell you much more about that during the announcement later this week. On the power side, we’re now announcing the high-end of power as well as the entry-power content.  If you want to look at how power is performing, let’s look at the content in the mid-range where did have the power announcement. The new Power7 technology and that mid-range system grew 11%. And if you look at the Blades content that Power7 technology was on, it was up 67%. So you snap out those elements with the new announcement, we did very well. We’re still taking strong market share in this platform. You saw – I would imagine, the first quarter took seven and a half points this year, and the second quarter, four points this year. Now moving into a third quarter, where by the end of the quarter, we’re going to have Power7 technology across the board, coupled with the fact that we’ll have the new Z Series announcement. I think we should have a very strong quarter as we move into the third.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Let’s look at outsourcing specifically where I made those comments. First of all, if you look at the progression through the quarter, Richard, we had double-digit signage growth for our services right through week ten of the quarter. And what we saw is we had a number of contracts roll into the third quarter. So as I look at the outsourcing business on forward-looking basis on the third quarter, we should have pretty strong double-digit growth in our outsourcing business going into the third. Again, I think the impressive part on the new business was the growth rate, not just year-to-year, but also quarter-to-quarter where it was up 36% now generating more impressive revenue implications as we go into the third quarter.  But overall, on a forward-looking basis, we did have a number of contracts roll from second quarter into third quarter. We’re generally on a trend line for double-digit signage growth through week ten. And now given that, as we look forward to the third quarter, that outsourcing business should have a good double-digit growth rate in signings for the third.
Mark Loughridge: Well, again, you know, I’m looking at the implications of what I see in the business as we’ve gone through the first half of the year. And in the first half of the year, certainly Europe was wrestling with those individual economic challenges. It’s not like they just occurred at the end of the quarter. And we had overall kind of steadily-improving performance in our European business. And as I said, we had some very strong performances, like the UK. I mean, Katie, you know, you look at a country like the UK growing 11% a quarter, that’s pretty powerful. And you could pick even Greece and Spain, they were relatively flat, even amongst the turmoil that they had. So from my perspective, as I look at the data, I do think we should expect that Europe should have an improving trend as we go into the third quarter.  And overall for the IBM Corporation, it should see the same.
Mark Loughridge: I would not jump to that conclusion off my comments. And the reason I say that, remember we’re talking about contract extensions. Those could be driven by a number of different things.  First of all, I’ve already said that we think it was a high-level extension of last year due to the economic environment.  Secondly, they can be influenced just by contract dates and windows-contract dates. So we had a number of those extensions roll to the third quarter. But as I said, as you look at that outsourcing performance, moving into the third quarter, we expect that to have double-digit growth rate. And that’s pretty strong. Additionally, I would say within the quarter, we saw that new business content with very strong growth on a year-to-year basis and a quarter-to-quarter basis. Additionally, we had a very strong close with our software business. The software had a very, very powerful third month of the quarter. So overall, revenue trends in the quarter were very measured and steady throughout the quarter. So I do not think I would take this and interpret a reflection that there is a pull back in spending.  I think my remarks are, in a way, indicating the reverse in that we think that rollover deals should accelerate performance in the outsource and signings content in the third quarter. And we should see measured improvement once again in revenue performance for services and the IBM Corporation as we go from second to third.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Well, let’s take those in separate parts. First of all let’s look at margin. For the IBM Corporation as a whole, when we have taken you through our business model and the – either the roadmap to 2010, or to 2015, we’re looking for productivity on PTI margin and the model is about 4/10s to 5/10s of a point. As we look at that PTI margin improvement, it was a point. So I would look at it and say, pretty good performance. If you look at the gross margin, it was up 1/10th of a point. And remember, within that 1/10th of a point, it was absorbing some of the impact of currency in the hedge that is within the cost element.  So I think margin did a pretty good job. I think our productivity actions did a good job. And frankly, if you just took a real steely-eyed view of that, you’re improvement in our productivity versus the model. You’d have to say that it was about two times the model.  Now, the other point that you had asked about is on a service base. So if you look at services, again, at the PTI margin base, overall services had an improvement of about 4/10ths of a point. Again, I would say that’s very close to model. I mean, 4/10ths of a point within a quarter in the services business, that in and of itself is absorbing some of the impact of currency in a hedge. Outside of currency in the hedge, that margin would have been up about 8/10ths of a point.  So once again, I look at that content, I think the performance was pretty positive. And then your last question, as we go into the third quarter, the product announcements that we have in high-end P and our Z-series content are high-margin end of the product line. So they are absolutely going to drive stronger hardware margins in the third quarter. And frankly, you’re going to see that on a forward-looking basis because we should have very strong double-digit PTI growth rates in our hardware business in the third quarter as we announce these newer, high-margin platforms in both the Power Series as well as our Z-Series mainframe. 
Mark Loughridge: Well, I think – I think on that public sector statement, on the US Government statements that you’re referencing, we’ve got to see how this plays out. Let me tell you what I have heard. I think what they have said is that they’re reassessing kind of the mix of their spend, not necessarily a reduction of the spend, but a mix of their spend towards projects that are yielding the best productivity and yield against their business cases in their platform. And I think that sounds like a very logical thing for them to do. As we look at it, and we look at our contracts, we think we have very strong contracts. We think they’re performing well. So on that kind of a base, I would not project a big impact, but I’ve got to wait and we’ve got to see how this rolls out. But that’s how I have heard it described.  
Mark Loughridge: Well, you know, first of all we had shorter durations on some of the contracts. Second of all, we had a very positive consulting performance in the first quarter. Third, you know, you look at this quarter, our North America Consulting Business did a very good job, signings were up 17%. And I think lastly on that point, that’s why we included that supplemental chart. You could see, you know, just draw that trend line yourself into the third quarter, measured performance increasing every quarter as we go into the second half, and now against an easier set to compare. So I feel quite confident that we’re going to have good transactional performance on that base as we move into the third quarter and the back half of the year.  So with that, let me take a minute and let’s wrap up.  Now, for revenue, let’s look back at our April Earnings Call. Now, we said we’d have modest revenue growth in services, and we did that. We said we’d have mid-single digit growth in systems and technology, and we did that. We said software performance would be consistent with first quarter, and we did that. In fact, we grew a point faster. And overall, we said we’d return revenue growth at constant currency for the corporation, and we did that.  So for revenue, we did exactly what we said we were going to do. If you really look at the difference to analyst’s expectations, the difference is all currency. Due to the strengthening of the Dollar since our first-quarter earnings announce, that impact as we included in the supplementals, about $500 million. So our operations performance is really right on target.  Now, we delivered 13% earnings per share growth despite a $0.10 to $0.11 currency headwind, and that’s compared to a very strong second quarter 2009 base. And we have a strong hand going into the second half, an improving profile in services, ongoing momentum in software and great high-end hardware product announcements.  So with all that, and with at least $11.25 of earnings per share for the year, we’re now well above our 2010 roadmap projective building on 30 straight quarters of EPS growth.  So again, thanks for joining us, and now, as always back to work. 
