Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks, Amit. This is Jim. I appreciate the question. So let's start there. We saw a solid free cash flow generation in 2022, up $2.8 billion year-over-year. Now as you remember, we entered 2022. We talked about a very strong free cash flow generation engine. And we put in place a guidance for 2022 well in excess of our model of $750 million year-to-year. First, as we were very transparent, we were going to get at least about half of that out of the Kyndryl related spin dynamics. That's the charges and CapEx. And we were going to get a little bit more than half of that out of our base operations overall. And I think when you look at 2022, what happened we got impacted by two external factors. Number one, the unfortunate humanitarian crisis with the war in Russia and Ukraine, and we exited that business, the right decision. Second is unprecedented US dollar appreciation. I think last time I looked, the rate, the breadth, the magnitude of the change is the most we've seen in multiple decades. We got hit with that. But we're able to overcome some of that with the fundamental underpinnings of our business overall and still delivered almost $3 billion of free cash flow year-over-year. By the way, Russian currency by themselves is over $600 million of profit and cash we had to absorb. So now to your question about 2023, we guided, as you heard in the prepared remarks, a $10.5 billion, that's up $1.2 billion year-over-year, and again, above our $750 million year-to-year. The underpinnings of that, though, are going to be very different in 2023. Given the improving business fundamentals of our now sustainable revenue growth with a high value mix contribution, we see then continued operating leverage. So our cash PTI is going to deliver a substantial amount of that free cash flow generation year-over-year. We're still going to get working capital efficiency. So our realization will definitely be up over 100%. But that's really given the volume dynamics of what happened in the fourth quarter with a very strong and accelerated growth profile as we went through fourth quarter, we finished extremely strong on our transactional business in the month of December. So that now creates an opportunity for free cash flow generation in 2023 and that's in our guidance. And then there are some other puts and takes. Yes, we'll get modest structural actions tailwind, but they're going to be offset by a cash tax headwind for the year. So that kind of plays out 2022 and 2023 now. How does that relate to a mid-term model? First of all, we're one year into that mid-term model. And as I talked about, the dynamics in dealing with the decision to exit our Russia business and the significant US dollar appreciation, I quantified it for you over a $600 million impact on profit and cash. But as you all know quite well, that's not a one-time impact, that will continue over a multi-period and it definitely puts pressure on our mid-term model to the tune cumulatively about over $2.5 billion. So, we are entirely focused on how we execute this company on a sustainable revenue growth profile and generating that $10.5 billion of free cash flow. So it enables us, with the right ample financial flexibility, to continue to invest in our business and return value to our shareholders overall.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Just to put some numbers around this, Toni, you're exactly right. We entered the year. We talked about a business profile, higher revenue growth company, higher operating margins, strong free cash flow yield. And we had guided at mid single-digit revenue growth, and we guided that four points of operating margin improvement. The two points of external that both Arvind and I have both talked about Russia and currency. By the way, that was about 0.5 point because currency member, as we've talked about many times throughout these calls, not only the rate breadth and velocity and change in magnitude that we haven't seen in about two to three decades, but it impacts human capital-based consulting business very differently than a product technology-based business. As we talk about human capital is all pretty much a natural hedge because your cost is basically matched with your revenue outside of global delivery. But in a product-based business, our costs like the industry is predominantly US dollar source, and that's why you've seen pressure on the gross profit margin line and the pre-tax profit margin line around our technology base of business. Now underlying that though, I think you're seeing a fundamental improvement in our margins as we go forward. So about 50 basis points of currency. The remaining 100 basis points was consulting. And we talked about that. That's been a rate and pace discussion. You dial back 15, 18 months ago, we called a very accelerated demand environment of our clients shifting to digital transformation and journey to cloud. And starting in the second half of 2021, we made the bet to make investments around skill capability ecosystems, and we opened up the aperture to build extended capabilities inorganically. And we knew as we went through 2022 that we then we're operating in a highly inflationary environment. And then it became a rate and pace discussion on how quick can you get price margin and optimization and realize through your backlog. And I think we've acknowledged that we were pretty slow throughout the year. Now with that said, we finished the year about nine points of margin in consulting. We had nice improvement. We exited fourth quarter at 11-point PTI model that was up almost 200 basis points year-over-year, our first half to second half, we saw an acceleration of three points of margin from about a seven-point operating PTI model to well over 10 points of an operating PTI model. And most importantly, the green shoots are starting to play out in the fourth quarter. Our utilization of effective capacity, one of the three levers we talked about all year, up three points in the fourth quarter. Our price margins, third consecutive quarter are up year-to-year, and you're seeing that play out in that operating profit performance. And finally, acquisitions. Now, we're on a steady state and our acquisitions are back to accretion. So, we see nice green shoots that lead to our guidance in 2023 at the high end of our high single-digit model in consulting on revenue coming off of a very strong 15% growth in 2022 and guiding another one point plus in operating margins going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks, Eric, for the question. I'll take this. When we entered the fourth quarter, we had a pretty solid pipeline. And we talked about reaffirmed mid-teens growth for consulting for the year, which as you know, is well above our model. But again, as I talked about on the previous question, we had made the investments in bringing in skill capability, expanding ecosystem, strategic partnerships and acquisitions. But we saw that pipeline entering the quarter we saw a very solid and pretty disciplined sales closure rate as we move through the year. Now, how did the year end that positions us for 2023 and let me just put some stats to really bring it home. Number one, ecosystem velocity, we saw continue to increase throughout the year of our strategic partnerships. I think we said in the prepared remarks, strategic partnerships, one grew revenue 25% in 2022 and was about 40% of our consulting base of business. That is up about 50% year-over-year. We have saw – seen extensive acceleration. And by the way, in the fourth quarter, our signings growth which delivered a 1.3 book-to-bill, our hyperscaler partnerships with Azure and with AWS, our signings were 2x. And our ISV portfolio with the likes of SAP, Salesforce, Adobe, we were up over 50% in signings. So our book of business and the partnerships we have tremendous strength that's fueling our backlog, point number one. Point number two, Red Hat. We continue to see acceleration of consulting being the tip of the spear that's really driving the scale and adoption of our hybrid cloud platform. And oh, by the way, is also dragging IBM technology and software. Since inception, a little over three years, we signed $7.4 billion of business in Red Hat, tremendous strength and that, again, fuels our backlog for 2023. And then you look at full year, we grew both large transformational deals, and we grew small deals double digit, both sides. So it's pervasive across the board. So when we look at our backlog, we look at all of our indicators of our business on the realization of that model. We look on the acquisition portfolio and how it's scaling. We feel pretty confident about the high end of our high single-digit model in 2023. Oh, by the way, to Toni's question, at operating margins being accretive.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. I would just build on that, Arvind. I mean, Software book of business today, it's an integral part of our hybrid cloud platform thesis. It is the foundation. We eclipsed $25 billion for the first time ever here in 2022. So over 40% of IBM's revenue and two-thirds of our EBITDA. So when you look at it, we are a hybrid cloud AI platform-centric company overall and software is right at that course. So why that recurring revenue stream and the improvements we've been seeing throughout 2022. And as Arvind answered earlier, getting that back to a growing contribution, not only helps the competitiveness and market share of our top line, but I think all of you understand the marginal dollar of that book of business is in the 90-plus percent range, as we move forward. So David, I think you also asked a question about clarification. Free cash flow growth, $10.5 billion about, up $1.2 billion year-to-year, above our model of $7.50 billion. That will be driven based on the fundamental improvements of our underlying revenue growth and operating leverage and cash PTI, but there will also be, yes, a working capital efficiency contribution to our cash generation next year, really just the volume dynamics of what played out in the fourth quarter. We'll get that back.
Arvind Krishna: Yeah. Thanks Wamsi, for the question. So, I'll address your transaction processing question first and then all of software right after that. So some of you have heard me talk about that transaction processing would be a mid-single-digit decliner in the past. And that's effectively, Wamsi, is what you asked, what's going to be different. As we look at our business there and we look both at the underlying MIPS growth, as well as the criticality of that software, as well as our ability to have some very modest pricing uplift, we would now look at that business as being a slight increaser as opposed to a modest decliner. So, I think, if you are looking at that one, Wamsi, low single-digit increases for transaction processing is what we think is appropriate for the short to medium-term model looking forward. Now, that does help in overall software. So first, let's look at software and decompose it. Software, as Jim mentioned in his prepared remarks, is almost 80% recurring revenue. We see that recurring revenue increasing consistent with our model of the mid-single digits, based on both the consumption, the usage, as well as what we have seen through '22 in people renewing that base of software business. Then, I will acknowledge to you that '22 was a great ELA year, '23 will be not as good as '22. But with the transactional piece of the business being less than 20%, that has a much smaller impact on the overall growth rate. As you put all that together, we see the mid-single digits as being appropriate for the software business.
Arvind Krishna: Yes. Toni, thanks. So, you're completely accurate that these numbers are slightly below our expectations from the beginning of the year. I will ask Jim to comment and give you a lot more color on it. But let me first comment on your statement of, we have a double mandate of revenue growth and free cash flow growth, but I want to also be clear, revenue growth has -- which manifests itself in client satisfaction, higher NPS from our clients, better consumption of both software and consulting from our clients, which allows them to consume more and more over time is what we are focused on. And it's an and we have to deliver the free cash flow growth. Jim mentioned in a response to the first question that we were not expecting the business and Russia to get shut down, that impacted it a little bit. We were not expecting the currency headwinds to be as severe as it turned out to be. That's certainly impacted. And I'll acknowledge, an inflation as in wage inflation showed up and impacted our margins in consulting a lot more than we were expecting. Now an answer could have been to not hire people and to not give that but that would have resulted then in lower capacity at the end of this year, which would not have allowed us the confidence into the growth, both in consulting and in software that we are now committing for 2023. So as we balance those, it becomes a business decision to say, we are going to keep going on increasing capacity, which results in healthier revenue and it will result in improving margins, but that flows through into 2023 as opposed to giving it all to us in 2022. So Toni, that's kind of how we think about balancing the investments in the business versus a quarterly result. And I'll ask Jim to comment a bit more on some of the specifics of what you were asking.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks Shannon. So, first, let me acknowledge AI has become a big topic of conversation this year. I was in Davos last week, and it probably came up at almost every single discussion around technology, what's happening with AI as well as what's happening with OpenAI. If I think about it over the last decade, I think there were three moments you can talk about, and then I'll begin to translate those into a business impact. One, when IBM won Jeopardy! with Watson, I think it was a big moment, and AI came on to everyone's roadmap. Second, when deep mind from Google or Alphabet started winning competitions around, for example, GO, and that became another big moment along with the protein folding that they did and now with OpenAI and ChatGPT. But if I step back just a moment, all of this latest version is based on what is called large language models as the underlying science. Universities do it, Google does it, IBM does it as does OpenAI. To just get to why it's so exciting. For example, for us, it allows us to do 13 language models when we are looking at understanding different natural languages in the same cost as originally one. That is what is so exciting about these technologies because if you can get an order of magnitude improvement in cost and speed and the resource consumed, both in terms of hardware and people, that is incredibly exciting. Now, let me translate this into how do we monetize this. So, our monetization of AI is very much focused on that $16 trillion of productivity that I've talked about that we're going to get over the decade. The vast majority of that comes from enterprise automation, and when I say enterprise, I include governments into it. Some examples, if you can automate the drive-through and order taking for quick-serve restaurants, that's an example of what can happen. If we can get deflection rates of 40%, 50%, 60% at everyone's call centers, that's a massive operational efficiency for all of our clients. If we can help retirees get their pensions through interacting with a Watson-powered AI chatbot that is an enterprise use case where all of these technologies come into play. By the way, all my three examples are real clients where we are resulting in anywhere from hundreds to thousands of people, efficiency for each of these clients. So that's how we get it. If I look inside IBM, how we do promotions, how we do people movement, how we begin to improve our code to cash, how we improve our customer service and people ask complicated questions around triage of IT systems going down are all very real examples where we are improving client service and saving money all at the same time.
Arvind Krishna: Yeah. Thanks, Lisa, for the question. Look, if I think about our overall client base, we were first really pleased that there wasn't much of a difference by geography. As I go through it, Japan, India, Australia, the Middle East, Western Europe, the UK, North America were really pretty strong in demand across. So I think Lisa, if I break it down into the two portions around technology and consulting, what we are seeing is that most of our clients do believe, but even if there are some I call the minor or different headwinds in 2023, they are going to emerge stronger. As they want to emerge stronger, that means they're all deploying technology to help offset wage inflation, cyber issues, supply chain challenges and all the demographic shifts, meaning there's just fewer skilled people to hire. Consequently, we're seeing them double down, and that is why we have focused on certain areas and certain partners, both for consulting and in technology. So they all want to deploy automated ways to get from the front to the back maybe Salesforce and Adobe play a very strong role in that. They all want to leverage cloud technologies that they can scale technology up to better handle client demand. Our partnerships with the hyperscalers play into that. They all want to leverage far more technology than they have before to counteract the wage inflation and other inflationary aspects and what we do with Red Hat plays into that. So I kind of see, Lisa, that all of our clients play into that. Now you've mentioned a wide spectrum from the people you're seeing recently, I think the reason that we are remaining in this optimistic frame of mind, we have no consumer business. I agree that our clients may have a consumer business, but we don't have that directly. And so I think consequently, we might be seeing a little bit different subset of the economy than those who might have a large direct exposure to a consumer business.
Arvind Krishna: Yes. Thanks, David. Let me talk a little bit about the product capabilities. And as you said outside Red Hat called focus on automation, data AI and cyber. If I look at those, let's take automation. I'm really pleased with the progress we have made around an area I’ll call AIOps. But if you think about, we made a couple of small acquisitions Instana and Turbonomics, we built our own AIOps portfolio. And we're seeing tremendous pickup from that as our clients want to take out labor complexity but also want to optimize their overall IT infrastructure, hardware and software. They also want to have uptime that is now the talk about not just 2 9s and 3 9s, but up to 5 9s. And they also want to worry about how to make sure some go to always on. And so I think our AIOps portfolio there really advantages us, and I believe we're in a unique position because we help our clients in an environment across multiple public clouds and on-premise, and with their private clouds in that space. If I think about data and AI, our focus on data fabric and allowing our clients to leverage the data wherever it is, not always moving it, but allowing them to catalog it, leveraging AI, deep inside our products is another example of where we have a unique capability. And third, if I look at cyber, we focus a lot on threat management. And if we think about how we can leverage the inputs from all kinds of sources in these days, and people are really worried about all of the threats coming, whether from nation states, all from just bad actors, then it allows them to leverage that portfolio better. Consequently, we're going to remain pretty focused on these areas. You should expect both organic and inorganic investment. And David, I can't help us say, we are giving our clients the ability to deploy these capabilities on multiple public clouds as well as on-premise and I believe that does advantage them because it gives them a lot more flexibility and freedom than they might have from some other vendors.
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Look, I think that first and I'll address your point of new application versus existing pretty directly. The point about the lower end of the mid-single digit is largely from the fact that Infrastructure segment will be a headwind going into 2023, whereas it was a tailwind in 2022. I wouldn't read anything more than that into our low end as opposed to the middle of the range. Now, for us, I don't really see that. I see that our clients do want to do new development. Now, from our perspective, if somebody is doing an expanded sales force deployment, I call that a new application. If somebody is doing a new application on Azure or if they are moving, well, they never really directly move. They always talk about refactoring, putting in new function, integrating with other applications they might have in their shop, or that they buy a SaaS properties, we consider all that new development. And so, for us, our consulting teams are largely doing that new development for our clients. And in that process, they tend to use OpenShift from Red Hat, it tends to use Red Hat Linux, they tend to use our AI automation. Our AI automation then surrounds all those things to make them much more resilient, much more robust, much more secure, and those are the capabilities we bring. So we are not really seeing that divergence, I will tell you straightforwardly, but there is likely a focus that in that new application, is it helping automate things more? Is it helping make things I call it straight through as opposed to with a lot of manual intervention. That is probably a bigger focus. Maybe we don't see it because we kind of call that play in late 2021, because we kind of saw those things coming and becoming more important. And we decided to invest in them, both in technology and in consulting. Patricia, with that being the last question, let me now make a couple of very quick comments to wrap up the call. 2022 was an important year for us. As Jim said, it was the first full year of the new IBM. The results we delivered reinforce our confidence in our strategy and our model. While there is always more to do, we are pleased with our position as we enter 2023, and I look forward to continuing this dialogue as you roll through the year.
