Patricia Murphy: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I am here with Schroeter, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. I want to welcome you to our fourth quarter earnings presentation. Prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow. I will remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end of the presentation and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC. Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to Martin Schroeter.
Patricia Murphy: Thank you, Martin. Before we begin the Q&A, I would like to mention a couple of items. First we have supplemental charts at the end of the slide deck that provide additional information. Second, I would ask you to refrain from multipart questions. Chris, please open it up for questions.
Patricia Murphy: Okay. Thanks, David. I want to thank you all for your questions and now I am going to turn it back to the operator.
Martin Schroeter: Okay. Sure. Thanks, Ben, and thanks for the question. I guess, a few things I would say. I think your SKU math is consistent with how we would see it as well, so we will put that aside for now. On the full year, there are I think a number of issues that we should render explicit when we look at going from 2013 to 2014, so first in our 2014 guidance we do assume a gain from the sale of our customer care business which was announced last year we expect that the close. That will close in stages, some in the first, some in the second quarters and that will be in total about $150 million of pretax gain, so that that is in our guidance. There is not however another substantial gain or gain assumed in our guidance of at least $18 for 2014, but let me talk a little bit about how we see 2014 relative to what we faced in 2013. First, as you saw in our full year results and obviously really clearly in the fourth quarter, we had a substantial year-to-year profit headwind in STG. The STG business on a year-to-year basis for 2013 was down $1.7 billion worth of profit. Of that $750 million was in the fourth quarter, so the fourth, obviously, some of it was mainframe, the cycle and were not at all worried about the cycle as we talked about in the prepared remarks. We are very confident in the secular strength of the mainframe and the cycle, but we do have these small issues and in our p business, our x and our storage business, so on a year-to-year basis $1.7 billion of impact in STG. Now, within our guidance, we are going to get that profit impact neutralized back towards zero on a year-to-year basis so, we would hold the year-to-year profit that we saw in STG neutral in the year on a comeback to that point at the end again, because there is another important point to be made. In 2013, we had a pretty substantial currency headwind and we think this could have been as much as $600 million on a pre-tax basis. Now, we have talked in the past some of these things get offset through sourcing decisions and an overall by the flows that we experience within the business, but it could have been as much as $600 million and we still see as we noted in the prepared content we still see a headwind in profit from currency, but it is not at that same level at the current spot rates we don't expect it to be the same level. Then finally on a year-to-year basis, I think we have one other unique item, which is last year as you know we had a substantial workforce rebalancing charge in the second quarter and that is paying back now, right? We didn't get all of it out, all of the payback in 2013, so there will be some additional benefits from 2014 in that as well. As we noted the call, because we are going to be taking our workforce rebalancing charges earlier than we did last year, it will be in the first quarter, so on a on a full year basis, there won't be any year-to-year impact. We do expect that will be about $1 billion again same as last year, plus or minus $100 million. We are still doing the work, but on a year-to-year basis we would suggest that that's about the same and therefore no year-to-year impact. Then, obviously, we get the payback within the year. So not only do we get a tailwind from last years but we get everything this year payback. Then in addition to that which benefits the whole business we still have our ongoing workforce productivity initiatives, which are driving productivity across the business, we have our software business going pretty well. We have our GBS business going pretty well, we see GTS profit base in that segment improving. I already talked a little bit about STG getting back to no profit impact on a year-to-year base and then we have our share repurchase program, which will also deliver some EPS on a year-to-year base. So the first answer to your question is, we think your math is where we would put it and then on a year-to-year basis, we feel like we have a pretty good game plan for 2014.
Martin Schroeter: Sorry, Ben, just one more thing. Before we get off STG, our game plan for STG is flat profit year-to-year. That is not our ongoing model for STG. So we will improve and we do expect that we will improve that model position of STG over time. 2015 will see another z cycle, so there will obviously be a little bit of tailwind there but I don't want to leave you with the impression that when we get this to your profit impact, that that's where we are stopping, we are going to get that business back to grow profit. Thanks, Ben.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. Thanks, Toni, and good afternoon to you as well. So I guess I would say a few things. Our view of the tax rate is 23%. That's our operating assumption. That's our practical assumption. That's what we think the tax rate is for 2014. Now that does not have discrete items but we don't have a plan, if you will, for discrete items. We have an operating tax rate assumption of 23%, and as you point out therefore we do expect that we will have to refill it, if you will, the net income required to get there. I went through a little bit of the bridge with you, as you pointed out on STG for instance. I guess I would say a few other things. One, in terms of how we see the year rolling out. As you noted, first quarter, with the charge, we will obviously be down pretty dramatically with the charge in it and that will pay for itself, as I mentioned, through the year. Second quarter, without the charge now, will be up dramatically. So when we finish the first half, with those two elements in, we would see about low double-digit growth in EPS, when we exit the first half. Now we get to the second half and the second half also has some interesting dynamics. Third quarter, one that we have got, quite frankly, an easier compare and we don't have a lot of noise, if you will, from the tax rate in the third. Certainly not as much as we have in the fourth. So we would see third quarter growth and fourth quarter growth to be combined a high single-digit to get us to be at least $18, but on top of that we know that in the fourth we do have this that we have to get through this discrete tax benefit, if you will, that we got in the fourth. As we get through the fourth, again, we have the rest of last year's actions that that we see continuing to help us. Obviously, the benefit of the actions we will take in March. Then on a segment-by-segment basis, we do see our way to be guidance of at least $18 even with Software performing at its historic level, so we feel very good about the investments we have made in the Software and its profit growth trajectory as we enter 2014 and we see and feel very good about both, the book of business we have and the backlog run out we have in GBS and they have been delivering double-digit profit growth and we think they are on track. Now, GTS, we think we get some improved margin as we get through the year and our productivity has a bigger impact on their margin content, and then as you pointed out, STG, we hope to hold neutral. I guess we are planning to hold neutral within this 2014 timeframe. Again, we do have the share repurchase, so with a very weak first, very, very strong second, we finished the first half about little bit ahead of the run rate we need for the year and then we have to obviously offset these discrete items in the second half and we feel like we have got a good operational plan to do that.
Martin Schroeter: Well, again, just to clarify. In the first quarter, we do have the gain from the sale of our Customer Care business that will be in the first and some in the second as well, but that's all that's assumed in our guidance of at least 18.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. I guess, I would say a few things. First, as we have talked about for quite a while on our M&A, our strategy and our approach. We find that the financial returns and the economics of smaller deals, once we have put sort of that core competency, that core capability in place, we find that attaching smaller capabilities to those do drive exactly as you said, we are able to take advantage of those through our global distribution network, our global sales force and we get very good returns on those and we are very pleased with the way we run and the disciplined approach we have around acquisitions and we are going to continue to do exactly that. It's worked out quite well for us and we will continue to run a disciplined process and we will continue to run a process that looks to acquire content that fits around a set of capabilities that we have and that we want to expand and drive that through our global sales and distribution network to earn returns. That's been the model that's worked quite well for us and we will continue on that. Now, sometimes those deals are larger, sometimes are smaller. Large deal, we still think that a few billion dollar deal is still a pretty big deal. You still have to get these integrated into the business and that means teams and skills on the ground. We do have capacity to integrate any number of those deals at a single time. That's really one of the beauties of the skills we have built as we are able to do this five or six or seven or eight times simultaneously, so we are not constrained in our acquisitions by the number of teams we can put on the ground. We can do a series of small deals that will have a terrific set of financials and we have the skills to integrate them and get those to work for us, so that is not at all an issue and we, again, feel really good about our acquisition policy process approach discipline and the results we get out of it. Now from a financial flexibility standpoint, I think one way to look at it is our debt-to-cap and we are in the range that we are not uncomfortable in at all. Now this even may, and when we look forward, we can operate even a higher debt-to-cap, quite frankly, but the other way that we think about our financial flexibility particularly as we think about it with regard to acquisitions is our EBITDA multiple and how close we can push our uses of cash, if you will, and our debt levels against our EBITDA multiple. Remember, when we are acquiring something we have, with our disciplined process and our ability to get that integrated, we are assuming and we have been right, most of the time we are assuming we are going to get our cash back pretty quickly. Sometimes it takes a little longer. Sometimes it's very fast but those are all contributing to the operational performance. So that debt-to-cap while it's a way to think about our financial flexibility is only one way and quite frankly, I think given the cash generating natures of our acquisition activity, I think that you EBITDA multiple maybe slightly more appropriate because it is a better reflection of how hard you can push your balance sheet and still integrate the content that you know is going to pay off. So I don't feel as though, at this debt-to-cap or at this EBITDA ratio that we have relative to our debt levels that we feel constrained in any way from doing just about any reasonable size deal and like I said, we do have disciplined process.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, okay. So, I guess I would make a few points. What we announced last week was the creation of a Watson Group and the Watson Group will have investment of a bit more than $1 billion focused on the development and the research around bringing these cloud delivered cognitive applications and services to the market. Now this is all delivered as a service, right? So it's not like you can't call it and say I want to buy a Watson. This is a service delivered through the cloud. We also announced that we would invest up to $100 million in venture investments to help support that ecosystem as the developers around the IBM Watson developers cloud build out their capabilities. So we announced those two things. It's a couple of thousand people. It's not a small effort,. It's pretty substantial effort. Now with regard to the 2015 roadmap, I think it's important to note that like a lot of things in IBM, these are long-term investments. We do manage the business for the long-term and while we have been clear that we believe we will achieve at least $20 of operating EPS in 2015 along the way, a lot of what we are doing is paying off down the road past that and I would put Watson into that category. So the Watson Group is part of, if you will, if you wanted to stick it into the roadmap, the Watson Group is within that overall business analytics content. Now, business analytics, for us, it hit nearly $16 billion. It hit $15.7 billion of revenue in 2013. Now the original time when we first started talking about our 2015 roadmap, we said that would be a $16 billion business. So we have since taken that up. We got there about two years early. We have since taken that up to $20 billion and the Watson Group will certainly be part of that $20 billion of revenue in the 2015 roadmap, but it is not going to be the thing that drives business analytics in that short time period. This is a much longer term investment and it's consistent with the way we manage the business. We see trends over the longer term. We have to obviously invest in those trends and this is a good example. So the Watson Group will deliver in the new field of cognitive computing. It does it through the cloud because it's going to be as a service kind of offering and we think building out this ecosystem with the right amount of investment is the right thing to do now, even though it's not going to be a big part of the 2015 roadmap.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. Jim. Thanks for the question. I think there are a couple of points to made here. First, signings, as you know and you could hear it within the data you are quoting, signings can be volatile in any given quarter and backlog is another element that we have been sharing because that signings content all goes into a backlog and then it drives, obviously, the future revenue opportunity and I am going to come back to that in a second because your question, I think, about the future is more going to be around the backlog we see as opposed to maybe the signings in any given quarter. Now, backlog we finished up 5% year-to-year and full year Services signings were pretty strong growth on a constant currency basis, in fact, it's about the best growth we have seen in the past five years. Now in the fourth quarter, the signings were up 1% at constant currency versus the third and maybe this is to your point of how volatile they are. The third was down four, so we went from down four to up one. The dynamic we saw in going from third to fourth was interesting in that in the third our long-term signings were down double-digit, while in the fourth they swapped to up double digits, so very good performance in the longer-term, more transformational kind of content in the fourth and then in the shorter-term contracts they were up single-digit in the third and they moved to down double-digit in the fourth. Some of that is because we are mixing our signings. We are mixing our delivery to higher value managed services like business continuity and security and cloud, so you are exactly right, signings is obviously volatile. There is a bit of a shift that we see in our bookings in third going to fourth, again, driven by very good acceptance and pretty strong growth in our longer term, more transformative kind of content outsourcing and those tend to be bigger deals, in fact our larger, deals say greater than $100 million. For the full year, we are up 40% versus the prior year, so we are seeing very good growth in those bigger deals. Now, when we talk about backlog, again backlog we finished the year up 5% at constant currency. There are a couple of things to note about, I think, that are worth note about backlog. First, we are going to close on the sale of our customer care business and that's going to have an impact to the backlog. Though while the revenue from the backlog that we see coming out of the total would drive us to a positive growth rate the losses, the backlog and the loss of the revenue out of that customer care business is going to drive it to a small negative and we are obviously prepared for that. We know. We have that covered in our guidance for the year, but we are going to see an impact from the sale of that business within that specific element that you mentioned which is revenue coming out of the backlog. Now the whole year isn't driven out of the backlog. 70% of our revenue in any given year might be out of the backlog, but the other 30% is coming from our in-year or in-quarter shorter term signings and we have seen volatility there as well. Our base business outside of the backlog struggled a bit in the fourth, we saw a single-digit decline out of that, so we will see growth out of the backlog on an adjusted basis, if you will, without the customer care business and then the rest of the growth will have to come from our base business. Now, within that base business, we do have things like our cloud offering, and cloud grew very, very well. While it doesn't show up in the backlog necessarily, it does provide growth within that other 30%.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, absolutely. So first, just for clarification, our at least $18 of guidance is all-in. So it has workforce rebalancing charges in it. It has the small gain that we expect. It's all-in, of at least $18, all-in basis and like the roadmap, it's an all-in roadmap of at least $20. So if we were to just hit the bottom end of our current guidance of at least $18, we would have another $2 to go, to finish out that roadmap. So yes, it's on an all-in basis. On cash flow. So we had a difficult cash flow year in 2013. As you heard in the prepared remarks, we were down year-to-year, a bit over $3 billion. If we were to kind of split up the attribution for that, as we did on the call, operational performance, as I mentioned we lost $1.7 billion of profit year-to-year just in the STG business which had a profound impact on our cash. So operational challenges; we had a cash tax headwind in 2013 and then we had a slightly less efficient balance sheet working capital, if you will, in 2013 as well which drove the year-to-year decline in 2013. Now as we go to 2014, we said we will grow free cash flow by about $1 billion, a little bit faster than net income, but by about $1 billion. Within that $1 billion, we still have a cash tax headwind of about $2 billion this year. So a larger cash tax headwind but I want to talk about cash, and the bridge, by the way, comes from improved operational performance within the business and we will improve our working capital position, if you will. That will drive the year-to-year improvement in 2013 to 2014. But I would like to also spend a minute on free cash flow from a model perspective. From a model perspective we finished last year, if I were to look at free cash flow on a ratio basis, say, to net income on a free cash flow realization basis, we finished the year in the low-90s on a realization basis. As I mentioned, this $1 billion would, and a little bit faster than net income, so obviously the math says we will improve that a little bit in 2014. But we would still be, we think, in the low-90s, even in 2014. Then in 2015 we would see another improvement when cash tax isn't as big a headwind and we would see an improvement back to the mid-90 level. Now, that mid-90 level, relative to what we have seen in the past on a realization basis, is below where we have been when it was north of 100%, right? We ran the free cash flow realization north of 100% for many years and a big chunk of this is the difference between the cash tax and the book tax. Now when we go forward on a model basis, we are very comfortable that in the mid-90s, our model holds over the long-term and by model, I mean, our model of being able to continue to invest to either build or acquire capabilities that we need to continue to pay the dividend, if I oversimplify all this in terms of uses of cash; invest to grow; pay the dividend; and then return excess cash, if you will, to shareholders. Now in the past, when we were north of 100% on a realization basis, that share repurchase element could drive five, six, seven points of EPS growth year-to-year. That's not what our model would say we need and on a model basis if we were to be in that mid-90s, we would still deliver three to four points of EPS growth, just from the share repurchase. So on free cash flow, again, I know you asked a 2014 question, but 2014 we will grow again and we will improve that realization but even when we look out longer term on a model basis, we are comfortable that in the mid-90s, which we will get back to by 2015 in the mid-90s, the model and a simplified view, the model, from a uses perspective the model will hold.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. Thanks, Katie, and good afternoon. I will just go through a couple of data points here. As you saw, we did degrade to minus 3 on a constant currency basis in the fourth, from minus 2 in the third on a global basis. That one point degradation, when you look at the majors was really centered in the z cycle and centered in the U.S., so, I will leave that off to the side because, again, we are comfortable with the z cycle and where we are. When we look in GMU, which was the nature of your question, we did see that same one point degradation and it is not what we wanted to get done. Now, we continue to struggle in Hardware, we were still down double-digits in hardware, a little better sequentially from third to fourth, but still down double-digits. Services across the growth market areas went from a small positive to a small negative in GTS. GBS went from low single-digit growth to high single-digit growth, so they actually did quite well, but it's a smaller part of the business so it doesn't have as profound an impact on the overall, so when we looked at third quarter to fourth quarter, China is still an issue. Now, let's recognize that China is going through a very significant economic set of reform, so in March 2013, history that everyone knows, but on March of 2013 a new leadership team in November that they announced, some pretty significant structural changes and we referred to those in the last call and we are waiting to see what they were and they looked, in our opinion, they looked quite significant. Now, many of those changes will affect the state-owned enterprises and those state-owned enterprises are quite frankly some of our largest accounts. To go from that view of the world down to what did we learn, well, we actually always knew this, but we have to continue to make progress. We are centered pretty heavily in state-owned enterprises, so it has a pretty profound impact on our business when they slow their purchasing. From an execution standpoint, we know we have to spread more into other elements of the buying patterns that we see in China and we will get that done, but it's not surprising I guess to us given our concentration in state-owned enterprises that it's having an impact on us. In many ways, yes, we are in state-owned enterprises, but it's exactly where we want to be. When you think about building an infrastructure for a country, if you will, the IBM platform is critical to do that, so of course we want heavy reliance or to be in those accounts. When they slow down then we also see an impact, so from an execution standpoint, we recognize that we have to widen, if you will, our client. On the state-owned enterprises and others, while they have slowed, we don't think that this opportunity is gone away if you will. There is still opportunity. In fact, our interpretation of some of the structural changes they announced suggests that we will have expanded opportunities, particularly in regional banking and some privately owned enterprises. As we expand our footprint in China, we do still see good long-term opportunity. In fact, we continue to invest in China to try to capture that opportunity, but it will take some time to come back. It's not going to rebound immediately. Now, the other thing, just math, we do get easier compares in the first and the second and the third quarter obviously, so that provides a bit of a tailwind.
Martin Schroeter: It's hard to tell. China is hard to tell, because I don't have a good sense of how those reforms work their way through the system and the decision-making that goes all around it. This is a, as I am sure you will appreciate it, pretty complex environment and it's difficult to gauge exactly what's going to happen on a roll-out basis. Now, if we look at the growth markets in total, we are comfortable that we are on a trajectory to growth. We will be on a trajectory to growth as we exit 2014 and we are comfortable that we get back to mid-single digits across the growth market regions by the end of the year but again, second half statement more than an immediate statement.
Martin Schroeter: Right, so I guess, we did obviously get a substantial tax benefit in the fourth, but it's not that tax rate, I think it's really the underlying business that is what we are, obviously, focused on improving and again, as I said earlier, that hardware impact has been dramatic in all of 2013. The currency impact has been dramatic in 2013. So when we look at the other elements of our business, including in software, we will grow software very consistently with what we grew in prior years and that assumption is obviously within the at least $18, but it also is an assumption that we feel very comfortable with to get to the guidance for 2014. On services, we do see good momentum in GBS. We finished the second half of the year with double-digit profit growth in GBS. In GTS, based on the contracts we have and the time that those contracts have been in place and the productivity therefore that we believe we can drive out of services, we see services back at a model level of growth. Again, share repurchase and the overall enterprise productivity initiatives we expect that at least $18 is right in line with what we should be able to deliver. The other element of this is, we don't have a year-to-year impact from our restructuring in 2014. It was $1 billion last year. It will be about $1 billion again this year. So we eliminate that year-to-year and without the year-to-year impact from hardware that allows that software and that services profit growth to show up in the bottom line. So without the hardware profit growth impact, less of an impact from currency as we stated, services performing at model, if you will, and software at its historical growth rate along with EPS, we will refill that tax impact and get back to $23, but importantly we are comfortable with the at least $18.
Martin Schroeter: Well, I guess I would say a few things. So first, just to make sure you are clear. The first quarter we would expect a substantial charge, right, about same as last year, plus or minus $100 million, and we have the gain, but not all 150s some of it. The roadmap we have laid out, the roadmap is a way for us to allocate capital and it's a way for us to describe to investor how we shift the portfolio that shift of the portfolio includes acquisitions includes divestitures, it includes our rebalancing the workforce and all of that translates to an EPS at the end. That EPS is reflective of all those activities. It's got the workforce rebalancing, it's got the gains if there are any, it has got the shift of investment, the roadmap is in an all-in basis, if you will, and our guidance is also on an all-in basis. I think, the right way to look at our business is to keep it on the basis in which we have described our longer term performance, not only two years away from the end of the roadmap now, but our longer term performance is one where as we shift the value, we acquire, we divest and it is important I think to look at the totality of that earnings power and that's the way and again that why we built our roadmap the way we built the guidance.
Martin Schroeter: As I said the only gain we have is this first half, it is $150 million gain. That's what we have in our guidance.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, David. You know, GBS grew 4% which was in line with its prior quarter, and we think even within that we took share, within that GBS content, we continue to move capability toward our Digital Front Office offerings and those have been very successful and so what's driving the growth in GBS, it's both, our success in the Digital Front Office and the momentum coming from business we have booked into the backlog in prior quarters and we see that continuing on the GBS side into 2014. In GTS, the growth markets were an impact in GTS in the fourth. Now, we think when we look at that business and its trajectory changed from two-fourth from the third, we do see a continued investment required in some of our growth market clients, which is driving some of that content and we have signed some big contracts during the year. We see us in a stage of early stage of some contracts where the productivity quite frankly as you would expect, is not as high, so as we get into 2014, and those contracts specifically mature, and the investments we have made in some of those GMU clients payoff, we do see a bit of a tailwind. Now, on the revenue side in GTS, as you pointed out, we do see growth in the backlog, but we are going to lose the impact of the customer care business, which we think, again, knocks the revenue side of that down to a small negative.
