Martin Schroeter: Sure Katy, thanks, and thanks for joining the call. I guess a couple of things, I'll start actually where you finished on mainframe because we have in the past said that the economics for the mainframe for us, what we're looking for is that the overall economic equation cycle-to-cycle kind of holds and we saw for the last four mainframes, including the one that we just finished and now we expect the overall economic equation to be fairly stable, that doesn't map to a calendar period of it because we announced them at different times but we would expect the overall economics of the mainframe to hold cycle-to-cycle the cycle amount to the fifth cycle, we could have gone back further but let's just say that mainframe is roughly consistent with the past. In terms of third and fourth quarter, I guess there are couple of things. I think you're interested in revenue and we'll talk about EPS as well and then where does the mainframe fit. On the revenue side of that typically we see about -- for seasonal reasons, we see about $1 billion 2Q to 3Q reduction for seasonality. Now we're only going to have a month or less of the new mainframe, we're going to have a month of some of these new contracts, not the full quarter, those will come in the fourth and so that typical $1 billion impact will be helped a little bit, $200 million to $300 million by mainframe or the services contract but that's about it for the third and then obviously the rest will be in the fourth. And then from an earnings perspective, given the power of the mainframe and the profit equation, how it helps mix plus our typical -- you know, typically we have a lot of our transaction business in the fourth. When you look at our EPS guidance, we're up a little bit for the year; we're up even less than the full year now through the first half. And then third quarter I wouldn't expect to drive much growth at all. I think most of the growth rate is going to be in the fourth, again, given the cycle dynamics and quite frankly, given the fact that the benefit really is only a month now and three months of the fourth. Thanks, Katy.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, thanks Wamsi. Well, you've kind of answered your question, so well done. No it is -- it really is a reflection of a few things. One is sequentially we've got a benefit from scale, now that's annual, that's year-to-year as well as sequential, but we're getting a benefit from scale as we build those service businesses. And then just like when we wrap on an acquisition and the revenue benefit, at the same time that allows us -- not allows us but what we start to do is we start to build the consolidation if you will and the efficiency in getting those acquisitions onto our own platform; so we get kind of local expense savings if you will from doing things once as opposed to a number of times around a unit. So better scale, ramping acquisitions, not only on the growth but then we get an opportunity to get a bit more productivity out of them. And yes, those -- I would expect that margins in cognitive solutions while on a year-to-year basis we still see -- because of mix we still see a year-to-year decline, sequentially we'll continue to improve on those things, the things I identified; the scale will last forever and then the wrap on the acquisitions will start to deteriorate in another three or four quarters.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, couple of things Steve. First, let's pull signings, we'll talk about backlog because the impact of signings on backlog, as you know we've talked about it is different when it's a renewal versus when it's new business and siginings, they don't playout as we said in the past on a 90-day period, obviously the longer you get, the more it looks like your backlog but you got to get over a pretty long timeframe in order to have the signings translate directly into backlog. So in the first half of this year we had one of the biggest new contract signings we've had for any six month period as big as it was; last year it was bigger than the year before. So what happens in our backlog is those new contracts come on once we go through the transition period, as I mentioned earlier and that for us it will start to be September, once you get through that transition period, all of that translates to revenue rather quickly, that's different from a backlog or signing that goes into backlog as an extension of a contract that's ten years old and is about to expire because that is not going to drive any incremental growth. So yes, on GTS the backlog is down, the new signings go in though at a rate that will drive revenue in the near-term and so the backlog being down is something we obviously have to work on a few years out because those contracts are going to come due and we have to get them renewed because it's not going to drive any growth but we need the backlog. And on GBS, we had second quarter in a row of good signings, performance, in fact an acceleration from the first and within their backlog now, as we noted in our prepared remarks, our consulting business now has gotten itself back to kind of a flat backlog which in the near-term that tends to yield pretty quickly as we deliver; so they were battling double-digit declines in backlog for a while, they worked their way out of that spiral; and so we'll see a near-term yield on the consulting side as well.
Martin Schroeter: Thanks, Ingin. A couple of things I think worth noting. Yes, we certainly ramped on the acquisitions and so this is a pretty good proxy for the organic piece and it is mostly as a service, right, so it's not going to drive the same impact on our big base of business as it would if you ramped on an on-prime business because it didn't have the same impact to begin with. Now -- by the way we're not out of the acquisition business, right, we're still active acquirers, we just happen to ramp on and are getting our feet under us on everything we did in the past 18 months but we are still active acquirer. So that will drive some of the growth but when we think about strategic imperatives, going forward I would expect that we get a bit of an acceleration from the new mainframe, power will drive a bit and quite frankly, the services contracts, particularly the new ones that we signed and we talked about, they are cloud contracts, they are to help our clients build and run clouds and move them onto the cloud. So just like we've encouraged everyone to look at the strategic imperatives on a trailing 12 month basis which they we're at 11% on a trailing 12 month basis; with the acceleration now through the back half of the year, when we get to the end of this year, I'd expect us to be still on that same trailing 12 months, so the whole calendar year I'd expect us to be in that 10% to 11% range on strategic imperatives as well.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, thanks Toni. So first on the non-question clarifying piece; look, we've got a base $3 plus on a base, we're roughly flat, I think we're at a level now where it's just too fine a number in order to say am I talking about $0.09 on a three -- almost mid-three, anyway, it's a big base, $0.09, too fine for me. On strategic imperatives, again, you know, I do expect us to accelerate in the second half for the year for the reasons we've talked about, right; we get new mainframe, a lot of the new contracts are coming on. And then the other elements within this and you can actually see it in the segment charts, we've got good growth in technology services and cloud platforms on the strategic imperative base, that is organic. We have good growth in GBS, that is by large organic. We have slower growth in the cognitive solutions but that's a massive base. And then obviously what -- where we'll accelerate the most in the second half is the systems business which was down dramatically in the quarter but again, we're at the part of the cycle here where we would expect it to be down, so we gave the segment view already when we changed the segment reporting, we gave the segment view so you could try to put together now where we see that shift of business coming from. And as we go into second half, I think the most profound shifts are going to be in the systems business, we'll see continued good growth in the technology services cloud platforms unit, we could see continued good growth in GBS. And then cognitive; you know, we have made investments, we're getting growth out of that part of the business, it is as a service primarily and therefore it's impact on the overall is more muted but if we were to acquire something it would go -- it would likely go back in there. But again, it's more muted because it's via the service business.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, David. So we'll do it kind of piece by piece and I'll give you two words trying to describe both of them. One is magnitude, and I'm going to put that against cognitive; we've got -- it's a big, big business and obviously the service that we're building, it has a smaller impact and so we see growth but it's going to take -- and we're getting growth and they as a service portfolio but it's going to take time to build that and part of that portfolio, TPS, our transaction processing business as we have on the slide is down four, so that's a very high value business but it's a big on-prem [ph] business that it's going to take a while to outbuild if you will from as a service perspective. And then on GBS, the word I'd give you is the transition. So I described a bit on our consulting business where we got the backlog back and back to flat and the consulting business has accelerated, the signings in consulting are good, the things that the growth is quite strong, the things that we're engaging with our clients on digital offering, those are resonating. So the consulting business comes back pretty well than the application management business; it's a fairly stable business and yes, we're helping our clients move those into clouds, we're helping them contemporize if you will, the way those applications work but that's not a big growth engine, it really is kind of a very stable base. And then in GPS, in our global processing systems business, that's not high content of strategic imperatives but it is important work for our client and it's quite valuable to us. So in GBS as we make this transition, you know, the overall will be lifted and as we said we planted the flag on revenue growth back in the fourth quarter, now we've seen a moderately improving trajectory now and we would expect -- as I said the prepared remarks that third and fourth would be better again in terms of trajectory and revenue.
Martin Schroeter: Well, we do see as we said in the prepared remarks that we do see continued improvement in the trajectory, right. So down three in the first, down 18 in the second and then second half, driven by both mix and driven by the work we have underway in delivering productivity across our services platform, the work we have in improving our GBS margins which is now starting to come -- to show up in the ledger. So we see both, a mix of kind of structural benefits from productivity, we see a mix of execution benefits from realizing if you will the higher value of the solutions we're selling and we see a mix from just the fact that we're in high value systems business which is going to mix more strongly. So yes, we do see continued gross margin improvement on a sequential basis and improvement on a year-to-year basis sequentially, and that would position us pretty well I think then for 2018 but we've got work to do here in the second half to put that on the table but we do see it in the third and the fourth.
Martin Schroeter: So first, I think what you started by saying was z14 not much impact in second half and I think what we're saying is that it's going to have quite an impact in the second half, right. It was announced yesterday, it will become publicly available in September and so we'll get a month in the quarter but we'll get three months of it in the fourth quarter. So just to make sure we're clear, we do see a pretty good impact here in the second half from Z. Now the timing that impact will be most profound in the systems space because the hardware is what obviously goes out first. We also provide as you know, we provide maintenance for that but the warranty period is on, so that's not going to be sold for until after the warranty period expires, that's in 12 months plus. There is a software that goes with it but that tends to be driven by usage, not by a placement of hardware and so that also isn't going to be in the second half. We financed these, right, that happens overtime and so we get that money back overtime. So the -- and then we sell storage, there is a little bit of tailwind in the hardware side but again a lot of it is software defined storage, so the benefit in the second half is systems driven, the rest of the platform if you will, will continue to drive profit overtime and a lot of that will been dependant on the workloads that it can attract and the workload is running [ph] now and how people scale which we feel quite good about. You know, one of the things we haven't spend a lot of time on, on the mainframe because the interest has been around security, the interest has been around in-line machine learning but one of the elements of the new mainframe is new software model which will allow our clients to partition off parts of the mainframe and run new workloads and test new workloads in a much more economic way so they will attract new workloads onto the platform again. So in overtime, again, we're not relying on the mainframe as a platform to be anymore valuable it has in the past but I'll tell you what this mainframe solves a lot of problems at clients who don't use it today, have; and it provides a lot of new on-ramps for other workloads.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, Jim. I think I heard it but you are -- you must be on mobile, so it was little bit hard to hear it. But I think the question was is there a correlation between planting the flag on some of the revenue trajectories and cash flow. So broadly speaking, the answer is obviously yes but it's kind of at the margin if you will. So as we turn our GPS business and we start to bring on all these new clients that we have and put them on the IBM cloud, of course, we expand the capacity of the cloud but that's already in our plans, right. So at the relationship level, everything that has to do with driving revenue is going to have an impact with cash but the way we have planned and talked about our cash flow all year has been flat year-to-year, we've recognized already that we're driving capacity into the cloud that we have to build the capacity in the scale we need and so it doesn't have an impact into the way we've guided it but obviously there is a correlation between what kind of growth we get and the cash demands if you will of the business but not different from what we've talked about all year.
Martin Schroeter: Well, again, I think we talked a bit about the EPS Q [ph] and we talked where I think we're going to land. But as we said for the third -- but as I said, in the fourth is where we see most of the growth begin because the mainframe in the fourth is where the bulk of it is going to sit. So you do the SKU math in terms of percentage in the third but yes, the answer is yes, we're going to see the bulk of the growth from the mainframe in the full quarter mainframe in the fourth, as well as the services signings that will have a full quarter impact. And then obviously as we go through time and we talked a bit about this on the prepared remarks and you've seen some of our announcements about for instance the cognitive delivery platform that we're building; those build as you go through time as well, and so all of that will have more of an impact in the fourth quarter. So just to wrap up, again, quickly; we finished the first half kind of spot-on where we said we would, we've positioned ourselves now to have the second half, that we're confident we'll deliver. The path from here though as we said is pretty -- at a high level, it's an improved revenue trajectory, it's an improved GP margin trajectory, and it's an improved expense trajectory and we have now I think in the second quarter shown that the GP margin trajectory is there; we've obviously got the ability and we've showed good expense management and disciplined investments. And then on the revenue we've going to go through it piece by piece to talk about where we planted the flag and the most recent again, second quarter we'll plant the flag on GTS, so we'll drive an improved revenue trajectory. So thank you for joining the call. We look forward to talking to you in 90 days.
