Arvind Krishna: Jim, what’s most important to me and to IBM, is that we emerge stronger from this environment with a business positioned for growth. And I am confident we can do that. My focus will be on investing and maintaining flexibility to take actions, not just to strengthen our operating model, but also to advance our strategic priorities. Now, over to Patricia for the Q&A.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Matt for the question. Let me start and then I will give it to Jim for adding a bit more color and a bit more detail. So, as both of us said on the call, we are seeing that there is – it’s two-sided. We see opportunity in hybrid cloud, we see opportunity in digital transformation, we see opportunity in people as they are doing a return to the workplace and projects that all advance those things. Some of those give them long-term benefit, some give them short-term benefit. That said, we are seeing that there is a negative on things that require CapEx, things that have very long-term pay-offs, and project-based businesses. If we think about the difference in third and fourth quarters, third is a bit lighter on transactions, fourth is very heavy on transactions. If we also look at some of those project-based businesses, we will likely – and this is where it’s tough to give guidance, but it’s likely that we see that the economic recovery is looking to be longer and more protracted than we might have hoped for back in March. And as we see that bouncing ball on the economic recovery, whether it’s in the United States, in Brazil, in India, that has an impact on all of these elements. But the other thing that is important in some of the remarks that Jim made, we kind of have a two-third to one-third mix, maybe if it’s more than that in industries which are les impacted versus industries that are more impacted and that of course will play out in our results, as well. But let me give it to Jim to make some of those things more precise.
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Amit, let me start. This is Arvind. And then, we will ask Jim to add a lot more color. So, Amit, so clearly, since this is the last quarter where Red Hat was, I’ll call it inorganic. That clearly had an impact on this. That said, we are still actually quite happy with the results despite that that had accelerated quite a bit from earlier and from both the first quarter and last year. So I’ll just say it like that and leave it at that. The second part you asked was, are we just moving our people from one side to the other or are we getting new wins? Amit, the vast majority of this, there is a big core of Red Hat as I described, our hybrid cloud platform. That’s not a left to right shift. That is actually net new. When we think about our wins in telecom, actually those are places we were never present, actually either of us, not just one of us. If you think about modernizing people’s applications, that’s not a shift, that’s actually net new work for us. You asked about new logos, that may apply to a little bit of services. But for the company at large, look we have all the lines, I mean, almost any enterprise of any size is already our client, especially on the product side of the house. So talking about them being new logos would be unfair, but are we getting into areas within them that we previously did not have access to, I would say, we are absolutely doing that and that’s a big part why you see that 34% growth. So, with that, let me give it to Jim for adding to that.
Arvind Krishna: Hi, Toni. You very astute in your observations about the linearity in the second quarter. So let me just add a little bit of color to that. When we finished the fourth quarter, we were quite transparent in saying that March was a lot worse than we expected compared to what we see. I wouldn’t use the word linear because on the transactional side, the last month of the quarter is a lot more. So I’ll just compare to normal, maybe as opposed to linear. When we entered second quarter, the energy side of the business yields pretty evenly other than the slight – I’ll call it, maybe 4% to 5% in volume that goes up and down. So that side is linear approximately and that didn’t change. When we look at the transactional side of the business, I would tell you that the month of May was significantly worse than we would normally expect and we saw that begin to come back in June but not really recover to normal levels. That’s why I pause on saying, will 3Q be better because, since May was worse than June, but June was still worse than we might have expected last year. So, that’s also something about that. And then, let me give it to Jim to also comment on the impact of the signings, as well as more on the imports linearity question.
Arvind Krishna: Hi, Katy. Thanks for the question. I think it’s to deal – I can’t comment on, is the business different or do we see differently. I can comment on what we see. We have a lot of uncertainty in the economic environment around the globe. And when we look at it by geography, by continent or by industry, there is just so much variability that we can’t answer it. In April when we said that we’ll reevaluate it 90 days, maybe we were a little bit optimistic that we will get more stability on the health, which internally for the economic conditions, and that curves will begin to flatten in three to four months which was, at that time a reasonable, but turned out to be a misplaced expectation. And so, we just can’t tell where those go. And because those have an impact, not in a month or two but over six to nine months, even on portions of the annuity business as Jim has been very clear, there is clients do get the ability to dial volumes up and down in some range. But that creates for us the inability to really want to give guidance that we are confident about. And so, it’s that mixture of confidence and uncertainty, the economic that makes us unwilling to provide guidance.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks. Thanks, Tien-tsin for the question. How meaningful can the large transformational projects be? So, when we say large, these are typically projects that measure in the multiple hundreds of millions of dollars in contract value. But Tien-tsin, you do the peak times here and you say, pick a number, the $300 million, $400 million, $500 million in total contract value, and you do that and you say, those typically will give that full yield over five to seven years. That’s the kind of nature they take and then you say, how many of those are we going to get done? We have a fairly large number of them in the pipeline. What we are hesitant to say is, will they take three, six, nine or twelve months to get closed fully, though we’ve be in at it for a few months already. And so, I think it is quite meaningful if we begin to close them. We will absolutely see the needle move on our services business as those begin to close and yield. Relative to past cycles, I think as we came out past recessions, or as we came out of different crises I am not sure I can call the dot com burst is close quite, maybe it was minor recession, but it was a different year back, that second actually for sure and we saw then back of those kinds of projects different nature. Now they are about move into the cloud, journey to cloud, hybrid cloud transformation, then they were more about perhaps of the nature of outsourcing and beginning to create a lot of efficiency in infrastructure management. So the nature of these projects has changed. And so, let me – let Jim add color to it and also talk about the annuity business.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Jim. So, let me make a couple of comments to wrap up this discussion. I hope everybody have taken away from this call is that while these are challenging times, we are excited about the opportunity that we have moving forward. I hope you got that from the remarks that both Jim and I made in the Q&A and in the prepared remarks. We have aligned our offerings to the opportunity. The opportunity being that of hybrid cloud, as well as AI. And I am certain we will continue to take the right steps to emerge stronger as a company. And I look forward to continuing this dialogue in the third quarter. In the mean time, I hope all of you stay safe and productive. Thank you.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks, Arvind, and thank you very much for the question overall. As we stated, wrapping up the prepared remarks, we do have a very strong pipeline across our offering portfolio around systems, around software, around services. But as Arvind just indicated, the yield will be tied directly to the rate and pace of the recovery of the pandemic curves which by the way vary based on market around the world and industry, which tie directly to client spending confidence overall. If you look at just macro level dynamics of our business profile, there is a couple of things that I think will play out as we look forward. One is, we are going to wrap on divestitures, that’s been a two point headwind to the IBM Company for the last four quarters. We wrap as we enter second half. Number two, we are dealing with actually a weaker dollar and you’ll see in the currency back up, that is now flat to about one points of a headwind where we were dealing with about a 2 to 2.5 point headwind over the last few quarters. Three, the dynamics of client buying behavior is really shifting that acceleration to digital transformation and to cloud, you see it play out in our results and we actually have a strong pipeline. Red Hat had another very good quarter. Good pipeline set up. Our hybrid cloud solution offerings around Cloud Paks with good momentum. We got a good annuity base of business that we are going to continue to build on more renewal rates and we’ve got a systems business that we refresh with new innovation. When you look at services, to your point, we’ve got structural actions that are gone to start yielding as we exit – excuse me – as we enter second half and we got a strong pipeline as Arvind stated on the call of large transformational deals. Now those are always binary as to when they close, but they will reposition the emerging stronger theme of our backlog in services overall. In the mean time, we are going to continue to deal with the economic impact around discretionary projects, in particular around GBS.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Just some color around how that 34% was actually delivered overall. Arvind talked about it from a client perspective in the value we bring around our hybrid cloud differentiated value proposition. But the 34%, Amit, as you indicated is up about 11 points sequentially quarter-to-quarter with regards to growth profile. That was driven pervasively across all four segments of our business. And in fact, there was 11 point sequential year-to-year improvement or quarter-to-quarter improvement was entirely organic. Red Hat contributes significantly to the 34% overall, but even on a pro forma organic perspective, we are growing right around 20%. We got a GTS business that has over a $9 billion book of business in our cloud portfolio that grew 20% this quarter and accelerated from first quarter. Our GBS business, which is about $5.5 billion, on a trailing 12 months grew in the mid-teens and our software business which is about a $5.5 billion book of business grew well in excess of 100%, but grew around 20 plus percent pro forma organically. So, I think we are seeing broad based acceleration really driven by the client buying behavior shifts that are happening in the marketplace. And to Arvind’s prepared remarks overall, we feel pretty confident about the offering portfolio and the differentiated architecture around our hybrid cloud platform that positions us to continue to capitalize on that going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. So, thanks, Arvind and thanks, Toni for the question. But as you indicated, with the heart of your question overall, the dynamics in March that we saw generally played out as we entered the first part of second quarter. Clients really continue to focus on mission-critical operational stability, cash preservation as any company as we were in the midst of the worst pandemic we’ve seen in quite a period of time. And then I could even tell you, as CFO of the IBM Company, we were maniacally focused on liquidity. So, they are most unexpected. But what we see play out as we move through the quarter is really the demand profile is really correlating to the curves of the pandemic and that plays out differently around markets around the world, around industries around the world. And that’s why we try to give some color about our geographic diversification, which we believe provides a natural hedge in this environment as many markets are going through different curves and our industry concentration being 70% in industries that are minimally or moderately impacted by the pandemic overall per Gartner and IDC. But when you look at the raining pace of that economic recovery as we said when we conclude the prepared remarks is really going to follow that pandemic. But when you look at our performance in the second quarter and not to repeat Arvind, but just give a little color by unit, our GBS business really stalled in the month of March after starting very strong through two months. That continued through the first two months of this quarter. In actually June, we saw our small transaction volume, which has high yielding revenue content going forward actually come back to growth and it was led by Europe, which stabilized with their pandemic curves and it was led by Asia Pacific. Actually, the Americas was the exact opposite, both Latin America and U.S. we started out pretty strong as the U.S. was getting the pandemic in curve underway and then when it started bouncing in June, we took a big step back. So that’s what happened in GBS. CNC Software, very strong conclusion where value in hybrid cloud solutions, certain AI-specific Red Hat, very strong closure to the quarter. But I’ll tell you one, we came off of a very strong second quarter, a large deal closure last year. So we had a very tough compare. But we didn’t grow in the month of June. We were just much better than March and April and May. Systems finished pretty strong which is a testament to our value prop. And GTS, I’ll tell you, GTS was kind of a mixture, 90 plus percent of that business is annuitized. We are dependent on client-based business volumes. That’s 70% of industry. We actually saw stability and for the first time in a while, some growth in like financial markets, government, et cetera but we are getting impacted in GTS by client base business volumes in particular around airline, travel, transportation and retail.
Jim Kavanaugh: Wamsi, thank you for the question overall around free cash flow and seasonality. In the first half, we delivered $3.6 million of free cash flow and $5.1 million of cash from ops. Cash from ops is about flat year-over-year. Our free cash flow is down about $400 million. That positions us on a trailing 12 month $11.5 billion I think in a very strong free cash flow realization. Let me give you some of the underlying dynamics and then I’ll give you some color, given we are not giving forward-looking guidance, we are not going to give a free cash flow guidance here on the call, but to your question, I’ll give you some color about seasonality and what were some of the headwinds, tailwinds. As we stated, when we entered January, very similar we talked about capital. We are going to continue to invest in this business. Capital through the first six months was a headwind of almost $0.5 billion. Our workforce rebalancing payments were a headwind predominantly in the first half. That will diminish as we get into second half and cash tax was a headwind through the first half already and that should be pretty consistent as we move forward. Offsetting some of that here in the first half is we’ve had very strong working capital efficiency. Very strong collection rates, even in this environment talking to the testament, I think of the value and how essential we are to our clients in delivering mission-critical value and also we are in a mainframe cycle. So our IGF attach rates are doing quite well and that is helping our free cash flow overall. So, I assume as we move into the second half, we’ll have similar dynamics around the headwinds. We start now in the second half as we anniversaried Red Hat. The profitability of Red Hat will start accelerating as we get into the second half. That should help us. We’ll start reducing the amount of tailwind on working capital efficiency as we get through our Z cycle overall. And I think with regards to cash taxes, I stated pretty similar.
Jim Kavanaugh: The only thing I would add, Katy, is that, it’s not a statement of the confidence we have in our portfolio, our offerings, our strategy and our platform, what Arvind is trying to drive as the new CEO of the IBM company overall, we feel pretty confident in that and Arvind articulated that in his prepared remarks around our hybrid cloud strategy, our platform, our architecture and components of our business. As we see play out in the second quarter, this demand profile and the resulting client spending confidence is going to follow the pandemic curves around markets and around industries. And we saw that play out in the second quarter and we’ll see how the world deals with the overall pandemic, the crisis and how we enable our clients and our employees and our communities to move forward. So, it is not prudent right now in this environment as we are still dealing with it that tie down our flexibility to move forward. We are going to continue to invest in our business and we have the right liquidity, strength of our balance sheet and investment in fin flex profile that take the right actions in this environment to advance our strategic priorities going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, I would just – thanks Tien-tsin for the question. I would just add to your last point. I think the nature and the rate and pace of those large transformational deals right now be much quicker than when we were sitting back in 2008 moving through this. It was a very different recessionary time that impacted industries differently and markets differently. This is more so of a consumer base small, medium market base, industry-specific base that is getting impacted at least immediately right now. But that time to value will shift over time as we move forward. So, I think Tien-tsin, when we went back and we’ve done many different stress tests of our business model to ensure our balance sheet, our liquidity position, scenarios, we looked at prior recessions, we don’t see anything different. The only difference is, where that client behavior and now shifting from a managed services years ago to more of a hybrid cloud asset base differentiation. The last thing on your annuity, we feel pretty confident about our annuity business. Over 60% of our revenue today, it’s pretty stable. TPP is a mixture of some annuity or most annuities, I should say, some transactional. I think from an annuity perspective, we performing pretty consistent with the market overall and we see that continuing to play out here in the second half.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. David, I would just add to that last point you just made. They are fundamentally different business models. While they are both, you mean, capital based, one is a datacenter managed services base business model that is highly capital-intensive. The other is a strategic capability industry lens project base business that is fundamentally human capital, not physical capital dependent. So they have different economic equations, different growth profiles. One is a growth engine, GBS. The other is a value based platform in GTS overall. Now, with all that said, we’ve said all along that we’ve got a leverage at least some in offering capability and to some extent at a client lens some leverage between those two. Because clients are making architectural decisions that are application first and infrastructure second. But the GTS business model overall and I would echo Arvind’s point we’ve been doing a ton of work around the portfolio. Looking at this backlog which by the way, any year, David, as you know quite well, about 80 plus percent of a year’s out of that business is under contract. Now we do have variability collars within that of about 30% of our clients today have that. But this is long annuitized base contracts that has a duration of probably five plus years. So you don’t turn that overnight. So when you take a look at that business, we’ve been looking at it by offering, by client, by industry, by contract type, and we’ve been trying to determine how do we won, reposition and leverage the value of incumbency and then also two, invest in new transformational services which is where the growth is coming in managed services building off of the back of the application side of GTS or it’s GBS I should say. And that is things like cybersecurity, managed services, data, managed services, compliance services and alike. So, we’ve got our arms around this, but it’s going to take time to turn this business overall especially, in the pandemic.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thank you, very much for the question as we wrap up right now. So let’s take the Cloud and Cognitive business overall. Right, I think first from a Cloud and Data platform perspective, we are seeing very good growth overall. Yes, albeit very strong momentum on Red Hat and we couldn’t be more pleased with the synergistic value we are bringing to our clients with regards to IBM and Red Hat that are together. To your question, we – Keith, we actually anniversary that on July 9. So, we will now wrap around on the operational performance of Red Hat going forward. Still growing nicely at an 18% historically normalized basis here in the second quarter. So we will still get growth off of that, but second to your other point, we’ve been dealing with this deferred revenue non-cash purchase accounting adjustment for the last four quarters. That now starts lessening over time. So when you look at Cloud and Cognitive software with regards to Red Hat contribution in the first half of what we’ve seen to the second half of where we are going forward, it’s about a point or give or take of a headwind compared. But still a positive contribution to Cloud and Cognitive software overall. The other dynamic I’d bring up and I think Arvind talked about this earlier, you got to make sure that this business, while 75% annuity, 25% give or take in a year transactional, that transactional skew varies very differently between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Second quarter and fourth quarter are more like 25% to 35% of a transactional skew. First and third quarter are more like a 15%. So, just based on that dynamic, when you look at 2Q to 3Q, we’ll get more of a tailwind and then when as we get into fourth quarter, if the pandemic curves do not lessen over time, then we are still going to have to deal with this large perpetual license OpEx versus CapEx phenomenon overall. So with that, I will turn it back over to Arvind.
