James Kavanaugh: Thanks, Patricia, and hello to everyone on the call today. As a quick introduction, I've been with IBM for 21 years. I was the IBM Controller from 2008 through January of 2015 when I became the Senior Vice President of Transformation and Operations where I've been focused on driving IBM's operating model transformation. In October of last year, I came back to be Senior Vice President of Finance and Operations. I participated in IBM's annual investor briefings for the last 10 years and have met many of you. I'm now looking forward to working more closely with the investment community as IBM's CFO. Given I'm a week into the new role, Martin is going to cover the fourth quarter, and then I'll put into context our 2017 performance and how that positions us for 2018. We'll then take the Q&A together. So for now, I'll turn it over to Martin.
James Kavanaugh: Thanks, Martin. Let me take a couple of minutes to wrap up. We've been doing a lot of work to reposition our business, to help move our clients to the future, investing, shifting skills and reallocating capital. In short, a lot of heavy lifting. And our results for 2017 reflect that, with an improvement in revenue and our gross profit trajectory in the second half. Let me make a few comments on 2017 by business and how it positions us for 2018. In Cognitive Solutions, we're driving good results across most of our solutions portfolio, including our Watson and security offerings. Most of these new areas have a software-as-a-service delivery model. And so for 2018, we'll continue to build scale in these as-a-service businesses. In our Services segments, we've got some momentum in Consulting, driven by our digital offerings and strong growth in our cloud content as we help our clients to build out hybrid environments. As you know, the majority of Services revenue in any given year comes out of the opening backlog. as we enter 2018, the projected revenue from the current backlog points to an improved revenue trajectory in 2018 versus 2017, and that's in both GTS and GBS. In Systems, we had a great year. Looking to 2018, we have a strong start to our new z14 and are introducing POWER9 systems and have the most competitive storage offerings in some time. And then across our businesses, our Strategic Imperatives revenue was up at a double-digit rate to $36.5 billion for the year, which is now 46% of our revenue. So when you take all of this together, we're entering 2018 with a stronger revenue profile than a year ago. In 2018, we'll maintain a high level of investment. This is important as we continue to build out capabilities in AI, in cloud, in security and in blockchain, just to name a few. As always, we'll look for more productivity in our spend base, especially in our Services business, where we'll continue to remix our skills to new opportunities. And then let me comment on tax. Tax reform provides additional flexibility over the longer term. Our 2018 rate will reflect the implementation of tax reform, which includes a lower U.S. corporate tax rate, offset by the broader tax base and reduced foreign tax credit utilization. This translates to an ongoing operating rate for 2018 of 16%, plus or minus 2 points, which is a 4-point headwind year-to-year. This, as always, excludes any discrete items we will have. Putting it all together, we expect to deliver operating earnings per share of at least $13.80. I want to briefly comment on 2 other items with respect to our earnings per share expectations. First, regarding the skew of our business. We expect to deliver between 17% and 18% of the full year expectation of at least $13.80 in the first quarter, which is consistent with the average over the last 5 years. You'll recall, the last couple of years, we've had a benefit from a discrete item in the first quarter. We anticipate a potential benefit again this year. And as in the past, we will likely take actions that will offset some portion of the benefit. This is reflected in the first quarter skew. And then second, there are 2 accounting changes that will be effective in 2018 that will affect our results and are included in our expectations. One helps operating earnings per share, and the other hurts. And they essentially offset each other within the $13.80 of operating earnings per share in 2018. Now looking at cash flow. We had a very strong end to 2017. Martin mentioned a couple of the drivers, which provide some context to our 2018 expectations. We were more efficient last year in the deployment of capital and, in 2018, we're allowing for some growth in CapEx. In addition, we had a strong finish in receivables performance in the fourth quarter, primarily because of the mix of business that creates a year-to-year headwind in 2018. And we also expect a headwind from cash tax payments in 2018. At this point, it looks to be about $600 million year-to-year. Put all of that together, and we expect free cash flow of about $12 billion in 2018, which results in free cash flow realization well over 100%. So we're building momentum across our business but, as always, more work to do. And with that, let me turn it back to Patricia for the Q&A.
James Kavanaugh: Okay, thank you, Wamsi. I appreciate the opening question, and thanks for the comment on the job movement. As you can imagine, when we enter any year, there are multiple scenarios around how we position the full year guidance. And in this year, especially given the improvement that we've seen in the second half of 2017, and taking into account that trajectory of our business and all other operational indices, all of this supports our guidance of at least $13.80. Now as I stated in my prepared remarks, let me first start with tax. Our 2018 operating tax rate of 16%, plus or minus 2 points, incorporates the new tax law. This is a 4-point headwind year-to-year compared to our 2017 operating tax rate of 12%. Both of these are before any discretes. In terms of discretes, like we've had in recent history, we do anticipate some potential benefits from tax discretes. And as in the past, we will likely take action to offset some of those benefits as we always look to position our business for the long term. Taking all of this into account, tax will be a headwind in 2018 year-to-year. Now in terms of the other drivers as you asked. Given our trajectory exiting 2017 and the confidence we have in our portfolio and how we've repositioned it, we do expect revenue growth at current spot rates for 2018. We see stabilization of our margins on a year-to-year basis, driven by the continued scale-out of our cloud business as we drive efficiency, and we're also going to get yield from our services productivity improvements. And this will start in first quarter. And looking at expense, there are many different dynamics here. And I want to make sure we get this right. We're going to continue to invest at a high level to drive the strategic growth areas while we will continue to deliver our base productivity. And as you saw in fourth quarter, we'll continue to see an expense headwind due to currency hedges. And in terms of IP, we're not planning on any year-to-year profit contribution. We continue to have a strong opportunity pipeline. We believe in this model, and we'll continue to be opportunistic in leveraging the monetization of our IP over the long term. Now let me just conclude on a little bit of color on first quarter, and then I'll turn it over to Martin. In first quarter, as I said, we expect our earnings per share skew to be between 17% and 18%. That is on average of the last 5 years, and it's above the last 2 years. We're maintaining our momentum, as I talked about, but we do see revenue growth, both at actual rate and constant currency, and constant currency similar to fourth quarter. And the annual effective tax rate, as we talked about, we anticipate a potential tax discrete benefit in our first quarter. And similar to last couple of years, we are evaluating potential actions that will offset some of these, and both of these are included in our guidance overall. So hopefully, that gives you a little color, and I'll turn it over to Martin.
James Kavanaugh: And we also expect the margin trajectory in both of those businesses to start off and improve as we move forward to the year.
James Kavanaugh: Yes. Thank you, Katy. This is Jim. So I'll take that. As I stated in my prepared remarks, the skew is 17%, 18% of the full year on EPS, which is on the average over the last 5 years, but it's also above the last couple of years. Embedded in that, we do see the stabilization of margin on a year-to-year basis starting immediately in the first quarter. We entered the first quarter with some good strength, and we feel very good about our portfolio lineup, strength in our transactional businesses coming out of mainframe where we're ahead of the product cycle in the first 2 quarters, we have enclosed the highest fourth quarter shipped MIPS in history, and it's evident that the market has capacity demands and continues to see the value of that platform. So we see very good performance in our Systems lineup. By the way, Power grew, storage grew. So we had pervasive growth in the fourth quarter, and we feel very strong coming into first quarter. Second, we do see software having growth in the first quarter, and that's just due to the mix between annuity and transactional. As Martin indicated during the prepared remarks, we continue to drive high renewal rates, and we continue to drive the annuity content of our business. And just given the dynamics there, that will give us growth in the first quarter, and it's going to give us mix and margin benefit in the first quarter overall. And then finally, Services, as I stated, we do see revenue from opening backlog, which, in the first quarter, given it's right in front of us, is almost about 90% of the first quarter revenue needed. And it does show improved trajectory throughout 2018. And I'll remind you, throughout '17, we talked about the headwinds we faced in our TS & CP business around some large contract conclusions that was delayed in 2017. We didn't realize it until the very end. We are going to start off 2018 in a much better position on margin, and we see overall stabilization beginning immediately.
James Kavanaugh: Well, if you take a look at 2018 overall -- thanks, Amit -- we expect margins to stabilize, as I said. And we continue to drive -- that's going to come from a couple of areas, one, continued scale of our cloud business; two, improvement in yield of our services productivity as we wrap around some of those completed contracts I talked about; and three, just getting operating leverage from returning this business and portfolio back to growth. So we're going to continue making the strategic investments that are required to position us to win in key growth areas and position this company for the long term. And we're going to drive the base productivity, and we're going to get scale out of our as-a-service business as we move forward. And we saw great instantiation and proof points in the second half of last year overall.  So if you play that out across our portfolio, I would tell you we'll get mix contribution from our Cognitive Solutions business segment, just driven based on the product lineup and the strength we have in our Watson offerings, in security and in our industry verticals. We're going to get margin and productivity benefit out of our services businesses, GBS and GTS. And we're going to get scale efficiencies out of our as-a-service and cloud-based businesses in our TS & CP overall segment. Martin, if you want to add a few comments.
James Kavanaugh: Yes. So thank you, Mark, for the question. So yes, a couple of questions. Let me start with the first one around revenue growth. We did state that based on the trajectory in the second half and how we made significant improvement, and the confidence we have in our portfolio and the strength in winning in key market segments, that we see revenue growth for the full year at current spot rates. I also said that starting in the first quarter, we see revenue growth both at actual rates and current spot rates. Now I will tell you, one, we've got a lot of momentum that we built up through the second half. But 2018, there's a lot of work to get done. We have best visibility of what the quarter we're in right now with the 90 days and all of the operational indices around what the profile of our business looks like, and we're very confident that we will grow at both constant currency and at actual rates. And we got a lot of work to do the rest of the year, and we fully expect that we're going to continue that momentum, and we'll update you as we go through the year on that.
James Kavanaugh: Thanks, Steve. I appreciate it. And believe me, as we get to know each other, I'm always looking for suggestions.
James Kavanaugh: Five years we've been living with this? And it's been a dramatic drain on our portfolio overall just given the dynamics of how much business we do outside U.S. dollar-denominated. But currency is finally a tailwind to the IBM company of a 2.7 points here in the fourth quarter, which was about a $600 million help on the top line. And that's driven from a variety of FX rates across different countries. But as you know quite well, we constantly build a financial discipline in our model, and we hedge those currencies to protect the volatility of our business from the bottom line. And so I would tell you, bottom line currency overall in the period, was de minimis. It was a couple of pennies at most. But what happens is, over the long run, it allows you flexibility to change your pricing, change your sourcing, change your business dynamics. And we've been dealing with that, as I stated upfront, for quite a period of time. And we're glad that it's finally going our way, and we're going to capitalize on that as we move forward.
James Kavanaugh: Okay, thank you, Jim, for the question. As I stated before, our full year guidance of at least $13.80 is predicated on us delivering revenue growth at current spot rates. I said that earlier because we got a lot of work to do. And while we've got great momentum that we built out in the second half, and we feel very confident about our portfolio across the board, the best line of sight that we have right now is first quarter. And in first quarter, we will deliver revenue growth, both at actual rates and at constant currency. And let me just give you a little color underneath that. If you start with Cognitive Solutions, as Martin said earlier in one of the Q&As, we have repositioned through strategic investments in many different areas that portfolio and have been generating tremendous penetration in our annuity content. Today, in Cognitive Solutions, annuity is about 80% of that portfolio. And underneath that, it's being driven by a strong acceleration in Software-as-a-Service in the mix. Over the last 12 months, our Software-as-a-Service is up 30% overall. So we see, just based on the annuity versus transactional seasonality of first quarter, we will grow Cognitive Solutions at a constant currency level. In both of our services areas, which, as we talked about earlier, pretty consistent performance throughout the second half, we are actually opening up our backlog with a runout that is showing improvement year-to-year from where we were opening last year. So while our total backlog at $121 billion is up 2% overall, down 3% at constant currency, that backlog and the composition of that backlog gives us much more better confidence and will make sequential improvement in our revenue growth trends as we move throughout the year. And then Systems, coming off of a phenomenal fourth quarter of 28% growth, growth across all 3 platforms, we expect growth to continue, albeit probably not at that rate, but it will continue as we continue to leverage the value of our mainframe proposition and start scaling our Power and the continuation of performance in our storage area.
James Kavanaugh: Yes, thanks, David. I appreciate the question. So as I -- as you indicated -- let me give you a little bit more color around our Services and, in particular, about our Services backlog runout. If you take our GBS business, our GBS business enters the year with a backlog that should yield in fiscal year of about 2/3 of its revenue. Still has about 1/3 of the revenue that we need to go do sell and bill and translate that backlog into revenue yield throughout the year, but that 2/3 of that backlog shows a significant improvement versus where we were beginning 2017. And that shows sequential improvement as we move throughout the year. Now the focus in GBS, we've already transformed our Consulting business. As Martin talked throughout the year, signings lead to backlog, lead to revenue growth. We've now gotten two quarters in a row of Consulting growth in revenue. And we finished the year, I'll remind you, growing GBS signings four quarters in a row. The area of focus that we need now is around our AMS business. And that is around an area where we're helping our clients migrate to the cloud and also how we need to capitalize on leveraging the incumbency value of AMS overall. So I definitely see GBS improving its trajectory as we move throughout the year. And if we execute on the pipelines we got in place, I definitely see that we can grow by the end of the year in our GBS business. In GTS, which has much longer durations, the GTS business, the opening backlog is somewhere around 75% to 80% or maybe a little bit higher as you enter the year. So again, similar, we still got about 20% of work to do in the year to go get that revenue yield, but that 80% backlog is actually in a much better shape than what it was at the beginning of 2017, as we spoke about all year long, with some ending -- contract conclusions. So with that, let me wrap up the call in by saying again, we're very pleased with the work we have done over the last year to reposition our business. And I hope what you took away from today's call is that we're entering with a stronger revenue and margin profile. Now as always, there's more work to do, and I look forward to sharing our progress and continuing this dialogue as we move through 2018. Thank you all for joining the call.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, thanks, Jim. So let me give you a little color on Cognitive Solutions for last year. So keep in mind that the majority of our business in Cognitive is annuity-based. And that includes, by the way, the SaaS offerings, which are growing quite well. Where we saw weakness, as we noted in the prepared remarks, was in a couple of traditional analytics offerings like data integration and content management where we either have to go spend some more time getting those offerings better developed, and we did come out with some new wins at the end of the year, but it wasn't soon enough to have an effect in the year, or we're shifting some of those license models to as-a-service. So we don't see a difference in the secular trends, we still believe Cognitive Solutions is going to be driven by the shift to analytics, the shift to cloud, the shift to security. We see that continuing. We just have a couple of offerings here that either we're shifting aggressively or we have to see how the new offerings perform in the marketplace.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, Toni. It's Martin. I'll give you a couple of points. One, when we gave guidance at the beginning already of last year, we said our tax rate on an annual effective basis would be 12% to 18%, and we came in at the bottom on an annual effective rate. And as you point out, we had a couple of discretes already in the first half, nothing additional in the second, so the printed rate was lower than that, but I don't think that's news. We're trying to be clear, by the way, on tax for next year, so I'm glad you said we're -- you're not quite there yet, so we should spend some more time on it. The annual effective rate going from 12% to 16% is what the headwind that Jim noted. And we do see discretes as we always do. I don't think we've ever had a year where we don't have a discrete in the year. So I would expect there to be discretes. And Jim noted already that we'll have one in the first, which will largely be offset. So the math that we're talking about from a modeling perspective is 12 to 16. In any case, by the way, the year-to-year headwind in tax is real. We see a headwind in tax. We don't expect at this point at the $13.80 that we'll print a number that we did this year. And again, the 12 to 16 is a good way to do it. The erosion in operating profit, I guess, my view, one, we were looking for a sequential improvement in gross profit. We said both in July, when we said first half to second half, we'd get better; and also, when we talked about it back in January, we said sequentially we'll continue to improve margins. When we got to the fourth, we were up about 2 points. And quite frankly, we thought we could have probably gone to about 2.5 points. And the shortfall there was really driven by 2 things. One is mix. We had a terrific, terrific Systems quarter. And our Systems business is high-margin, but it's not as high a margin as our Software business, so that had an impact on mix. And then some of the productivity we were looking for out of Services got pushed out. Now that wasn't a huge, huge surprise that the revenue performance in TS & CP to us because we talked about the contracts already. And GBS, we said, as we get consistent, signings growth will get to backlog growth, will get to revenue growth, and we saw a nominal improvement in the revenue trajectory but not enough yet to drive overall revenue growth. But as Jim noted, as we go into 2018, we have a much better backlog.
Martin Schroeter: Yes. The other thing I'd add, kind of the way I think about it, in addition to what Jim went through, one, the margins in our Strategic Imperatives remain higher than the margins in the rest of our business. And remember, the whole business, by the way, has high margins, right? We're a high-margin -- we're a high-value model with high margins, we're 49% -- between 49% and 50% margin. So we're building the businesses. The places we're moving to -- and you saw a great performance out of Strategic Imperatives, the places we're going to offer higher margins than the places we're coming from, and the reweighting alone gets us some content. And as Jim pointed out, in any scale business, the worst is behind us because we're building scale every day.
Martin Schroeter: I guess, Mark, it's Martin. In terms of scale, I guess, one way to think about it, because of the backlog of business we have, which it's north of $120 billion of Services business, that business is moving on to the IBM Cloud. That's the process we're going through now. So not only are we building and moving new SaaS properties into the cloud, which have great margins, not only are we building the Platform-as-a-Service and building ecosystems around that, we have 120 -- north of $120 billion backlog in our services business that we're in the process of moving to the cloud. We've got some progress, but we are not through the majority of this yet. We got a long way to go. So when we talk scale, we're moving our whole services platform on to the IBM Cloud, and that's going to give us the scale we need, not just for that infrastructure layer but it's going to give us the scale we need to manage applications, it's going to give us to scale we need to deliver SaaS as effectively as possible and efficiently as possible, so we got a lot of scale coming our way.
Martin Schroeter: Yes, I was going to say, Steve, we only have a thing about multipart questions, not multipart suggestions. We're happy to get those.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. So a couple of things, Tien-tsin. First, we've been supporters of, proponents of and pushing for fundamental tax reform for a long, long time. We think it's the right thing to go. So we're delighted, absolutely delighted, that we got tax reform. Now in the short term, we took a charge, this toll charge, right, to recognize a shift from one system to the territorial that we've all been supportive of. So we'll pay the toll charge. And as Jim noted, within our cash flow guidance, we have a cash headwind, which is all captured -- cash tax headwind, all of which is captured in the guidance. But for us, it's a long-term benefit because we now have freedom of capital movement. It's not really a near-term capital allocation issue for us. So we have -- well, as you know, we have $12 billion of cash around the world. We don't have big cash pile stock -- cash stockpiled outside the U.S. We've always had a really good access to our cash. And we got tax reform done, or they got tax reform done in a period where it wasn't an issue for us, so no capital allocation changes for us. The reason we're able to grow the dividend over time, the reason we're able to reduce the share count is because we've always had good cash flow, we've had enough to reinvest in the business. But tax reform by itself -- well, again, not -- we are huge supporters, we're glad it happened, not a near-term capital event for us.
Martin Schroeter: I guess, Lou, it's an interesting question. I guess, since it's only about Systems, it doesn't count as multipart. But we get questions, as I'm sure you do, this idea, what's cyclical, what's secular. And when we go back to why we started talking about the Strategic Imperatives, those are the secular changes in the enterprise IT world. They're all about cloud, they're all about security, they're all about analytics, they're all about mobile. And while what you asked about was a product view, remember that the secular trend that these are tied into continues. And so the demand for mainframe is driven by the secular trend for security. It is not so much about, like, there's a new mainframe, so I have to buy one. It's not so much in POWER9 that, Oh, there's a new POWER9. I have to buy it. All of these machines -- and we kind of shorthand it to say they're built for the most contemporary workloads. But we introduced those shifts and those secular ideas through the Strategic Imperatives, and all of these offerings are riding that secular trend. Mainframe and security is a good example. Power and analytics -- POWER9 and analytics is a good example. And quite frankly, and Jim mentioned this, storage, as it moves to the cloud, needs object store. And our object store offerings in storage are doing terrifically well. So the cyclical versus secular is not as simple as some want to portray it, it really is, are these offerings tied into those long-term secular trends, and our Systems business is absolutely tied to those.
