Arvind Krishna: Hi, Amit. So, thanks for the question. And it's actually wonderful to talk about this. So, generative AI, just for me to very quickly reiterate the use cases, we found that our clients were really climbing on to on code, on customer service, and on, I'll call it, general digital workers, which is productivity in every enterprise function. So, if you look at code, to a person, every one of the clients said, we don't intend to get rid of any developers, but this allows us to take care of the tech debt that we've accumulated and makes every developer more productive. Amit, I'll kind of point out, most enterprises are very quick to realize, if you are more productive, that means you have a competitive advantage to your peers. And if they have a competitive advantage to their peers, they'll take share without spending more on labor. That's an incredible long-term competitive advantage. When you go to customer service, there is a cost takeout aspect, but it's not 100%. But there is probably a 20% to 30%. If you can have more calls, more chats answered by AI, that means you can have much more volume with a smaller number of people. So, there is both. Also, I'll point out to our audience, AI does not get tired. It doesn't get angry. It doesn't get upset. So, there is a NPS improvement you get along with it. And then on the third one, on digital workers, there likely is a small productivity improvement, but I would call it more in the 4%, 5%, 10%, not 20% 30%, 40%. So, in the macro headwinds you're mentioning, higher interest rates, tougher to get skilled people, all of the issues around the geopolitical uncertainty that causes some of the concern might have caused a pause in some other environments. The AI side, and to be candid, the hybrid cloud side, offers them a way through that without having to decrease their ambitions for next year. And I think we're seeing every one of them play to that. And I think that these are more fundamentals, these are more core processes than some of the other areas that people were worrying about two or three years ago. When two or three years ago, people were worrying a lot about, what do I do to keep all our employees happy? And can I add up all the tools for that? I think there's much less of a focus on that area.
Arvind Krishna: Yeah, thanks. Let me try to address your question here. Look, I think the concerns that people have are coming around, are these models accurate? How accurate are they? Do they result in things that may cause long-term liability? People are worried about the conversation because they hear and they read that whether it's artists, whether it's authors, whether it's code writers are suing some of the producers of large language models. You alluded to governance. That comes more around life cycle and how do you carry it out over the long term. Coupled with this are some people's concerns. If you add their own private data into a model, now what happens to the model? Where is it protected? Where does it stay? Do others learn from it? So, if you begin to unpack all of that, we begin to say, all right, for models that are IBM produced, we will give you indemnification, meaning, we are confident in our ability to stand by the data we have used to train, what is being used to be output, and we'll stand behind the same indemnification as we provide for all enterprise software. As you would expect, that's hard for us to do for open source models. But we believe that that takes care and that is why we are so excited about code and customer service to start with, because that's where we believe that people can benefit from this indemnification. Talking about the governance and the life cycle side, people are also worried about some of the long-term deployment, because an enterprise may well deploy a model for five or 10 years. So, the governance tools that allow you to keep a lineage of the data, used to train a model, and then, for those adding private data, we give them a commitment that data stays with them and the refinements of that model go nowhere else, helps to mitigate some of the fears and uncertainty around those issues. I do believe that this is going to play out well over the next few years, but I also want to point out there are many cases where people are not worried about some of these risks. If you're giving a quick website response, you could well use a model that may have some of these risks, because the danger in using any of those other areas is small. So that is how it's playing out right now. I expect to see a lot of deployment in 2024 going into full production across the world of whether you use the word large language models or foundation models or generative AI.
Arvind Krishna: All right. Thanks, Brian, for the question. So, Consulting is going to be the tip of the spear, but it's not going to be the only, because some clients do have enough expertise inside to do things on their own. As we approach clients, trying to use, I'll call it, a big public chatbot to perhaps improve some service is not where they look to us, and we've been very clear that's not where we are going to go, and we do not actually serve up any of those services. However, I'll take maybe some quick examples as I go through. So, with a large, I'll use the word financial services company. They want to use generative AI to dramatically improve the productivity of their developers. They actually use their own proprietary languages, not only the common languages that are available outside. They are then asking the question, who can I trust to augment their model, give it to me, and I don't really want to get into all the details of how I might use it, but I want them to provide the technology. In this case, Brian, we would work with them to augment the model using their language and their data and their code snippets. We would do it in a way that they are completely comfortable, meaning 100% that that leaks nowhere else. They would take back the model. It now becomes an as-a-service deployment in their private cloud infrastructure, and we monetize it as is typical for as-a-service software. I'll take another example that we are building out with Dun & Bradstreet, and I mentioned that briefly on the call. In that case, it is consulting led. They want to work with consulting to use watsonx in this case, but to help them create solutions that let their clients get greater insight, aka helps D&B monetize their data better. So, in that case, it is absolutely consulting led. I think without consulting, we would not have landed that deal. Let me go to others, because there are also examples where our Consulting team is using both what's available with Azure OpenAI, as an example, to go win deals because they have built up their expertise. They've also built up expertise on Amazon's Braket platform, and they're going forward with winning deals on those. In that case, they're coming in with the methodology, with knowledge, with the thousands of trained consultants who know how to work on those platforms, and they are working with the clients to go do that. I think these are all examples of what is working. I think you are trying to also ask is it going to be Consulting or is it going to be Software? Look, we didn't say much on the call on this topic. We just characterized it as low hundreds of millions of dollars of booking. But in the absence of anything else, think of that as maybe half and half between Consulting and Software, which does tell you that a couple of points of growth for both those units came from the generative AI that we've been putting out. And I think that's the best way to think about it in terms of what's happening right now. And we are certainly expecting and planning that that will only increase as the quarters go on. All right. So, let me now wrap up the call. This third quarter performance reinforced our confidence in the strategy and in our ability to deliver value to enterprise clients in today's environment. We're excited of the opportunities ahead of us, and I look forward to taking through -- you through our continued progress and our view of 2024 in January. Thank you all.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah, thanks, Wamsi. I appreciate the question. Obviously, we're very pleased overall with our Software segment performance growing 8%, actual 6% at constant currency, really led pretty pervasively with growth across the board. Automation led Red Hat at 8%, as you said, and I'll come to that in a second, but data and AI overall. Really underpinning all that is like we said, starting the year: one, a very strong solid recurring revenue base, high value, 80% of that portfolio, by the way, growing mid-single-digit growth, you see that play out in our transaction processing that we call the growth factor; and then also our hybrid platform and solution business, $14 billion ARR that's growing high-single-digit overall. Now within that, you see Red Hat. Red Hat we talked about in the prepared remarks. First of all, Arvind and I would acknowledge, we came in a couple of points below our expectation. And I think that's an execution discussion overall. Embedded in that, where did it come from? It came from -- because I think this is very important, it came from the consumption-based services and offering side of the equation, which by the way is about 20% of our portfolio, shorter duration overall, and it went from last quarter high single digit, which is about what the model is, to low single digit overall. If you look at that and compare that now, let's look at the other part of the portfolio, the remaining 80%. That is our subscription-based business. That's our RHEL franchise, industry market leader, that's Red Hat OpenShift, and that's Ansible. We had a very strong annualized bookings in the quarter, which again, subscription-based business model, we talked about all year long, we were going to be back-end loaded on renewals. We grew that mid-teens overall, including services by the way. If I extract out that 20% portfolio services and just look at the core subscription-based businesses of Red Hat, OpenShift and Ansible, we grew 19% overall. 110%-plus NRR on that renewal rate of that business. And within that 19%, OpenShift and Ansible were north of 40% with RHEL growing double digits. So, putting all that together, I think it's prudent right now when we look at fourth quarter, we're only building into our model -- again, Software at the high end of our segment model, we're only building in high single digit. We have to continue to monitor what happened to us in the third quarter, get the team focused on execution. But I would tell you, just given the signings growth that we posted in the third quarter, and by the way, another good pipeline in the fourth quarter, we feel very confident in the long-term posture of Red Hat growing double digits. We just got to get through and monitor what's happening to us on the services side. So, thanks very much for the question.
Jim Kavanaugh: Great. Toni, thanks very much for the question. I appreciate it. And I know Patricia really appreciates sticking to one question given it's her last call leading and piloting, and we thank her for all her efforts, but we'll have more time to celebrate in January. But as you stated, we remain confident in what our guidance is overall with regards to top-line revenue growth, 3% to 5%, albeit, as we said, low end. And that's just practically speaking given we have one more quarter to go. We said we expect similar performance, fourth quarter, as we just executed in third quarter, constant currency revenue growth, right? Let me unpack that to your point. First of all, at the macro level, historically, we would generate quarter-to-quarter about $2.9 billion-ish of revenue. Last year, by the way, we did $2.6 billion, up quarter-to-quarter in revenue. That $17.3 billion number in that ballpark, you're not too far off, is about equivalent to last year. It's about $2.6 billion. But I would tell you one thing underneath that, Toni, is we've seen a very different dramatic change in the currency FX U.S. dollar strengthening. To tune about $300 million, if you go look at the math, back into '19, 2020, 2021. So, underneath it, pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter performances last year, which by the way, I would highlight, was the peak of our ELA cycle last year and it was our strong first fourth quarter in a z16 environment. We're going to match that even taking into account the FX headwinds overall that we called out going forward. One last thing that I'll put and then I'll get into the color is, on a profit basis, although you didn't ask that, historically, profit, we generate somewhere, if I remember correctly studying over the weekend, about $1.3 billion quarter-to-quarter. You look at our operating pre-tax margin, which we recommitted 0.5 point for the year, that puts you in a profit range of, I don't know, $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion quarter-to-quarter. So, you see the fundamental operating leverage of what's happening to our business. So, you put all that together, we still believe we have a very confident year at that 3% to 5%, by the way, led by Software, delivering 3 points of that IBM growth. Consistent, I would say, very good performance competitively in Consulting, driving about 2 points of IBM's growth. Infrastructure around the product cycle downside, we said beginning of the year and we're consistent, it's about 1 point hurt to IBM. And then, you got the divestiture impact of about 0.5 point. You put all that together, I think that's a pretty good year overall and pretty much on top of our model.
Jim Kavanaugh: Ben, thanks very much for the question. As I said earlier, pleased with the team overall in Consulting, not only on the signings and booking, but our revenue is well positioned for that 6% to 8%, which gave us confidence to reiterate that. But also the fundamentals of that business, right, we talked a lot about this over the last handful of years. We're getting good operating leverage in that business, good cash contribution. So, all in all, pretty pleased overall. When you look at the bookings overall, I mean, let's just put some statistics. Let me talk about kind of headwind, tailwind overall, because I think what you're trying to get at is the confidence level Arvind and I and the team have about this book of business going forward into fourth quarter and into '24. We're still seeing very good demand overall in areas around digital transformation, application modernization, and where there's real technology value, productivity, cost efficiency, quick payback. Is there pressure on discretionary-based activity and that like? Absolutely. But you know what, we've seen that all year long. We haven't seen really any substantive change in the macro and the client buying behaviors overall. But that has enabled us to grow 30%-plus. By the way, it's strongest bookings quarter we had quite a period of time and now we've got a trailing-12 month book-to-bill of 1.16 I think the strongest in about two-and-a-half years overall. Now, underneath that, what's going on? One, we've opened up IBM to strategic partnerships. We're seeing great ecosystem velocity and strategic partnership growth. Signings were about 50% year-over-year. Hyperscalers underneath that, 2x signings. Our hybrid cloud and application modernization, Red Hat, we signed north of $1 billion alone in the quarter. Now that's $10 billion inception to date. We got acquisitions that are now accretive and scaling nicely. So, I think from that aspect, you look at the top-end growth, we feel pretty confident about the 6% to 8% for this year, and we feel confident about the value and the growth contribution of the growth factor of consulting in our book of business heading into 2024. Now, with that said, headwinds wise, yeah, listen to every other services consulting company, there are macroeconomic challenges, without a doubt, uncertainty, but we got to go out and compete every single day here. And duration, I would say, not only we had great signings growth, we're monitoring our backlog realization. Our duration, by the way, this year has went up by a couple of months, but that revenue will play out over time. And all in all, if I sum it up, I think we're taking share. I'm pleased with the team.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, thanks, Erik, I appreciate the question. So, similar to -- I think Toni asked something similar to this overall. When you look at IBM, 3% to 5%, just practically speaking, one quarter to go, we said, oh, it's better to say we're prudently at the low end of that range. Now, let's talk about it by segment. Software, you dial back 90 days ago. We said that we were very excited about the announced acquisition of Apptio. We said that we expected that to close in early fourth quarter. Team did an outstanding job. We got through that regulatory approval. We closed it mid-August. But when we announced that acquisition in July, we actually given our first half performance, both in our recurring revenue streams and the strength of that, but also in our transactional book of business. We actually took our full year guidance up to the high end of the range. Now we closed it -- and by the way, we said Apptio would be about 0.5 point on the full year. Now we closed it, what, a month, month-and-a-half earlier? Okay, so that 0.5 point of contribution on Apptio might be 70 basis points of contribution on a full year. We still feel very confident. By the way, through three quarters we're up 6.5%. That's above our mid-term model. Yes, we have the peak wrap on ELAs last year, but very interesting, underneath our third quarter year-to-year performance, we're growing transactional revenue. Very different profile than what we started out in January, which I think prudently we said we expected transactional revenue was going to be a headwind to us. What's happening? The new innovation we're bringing to market is actually creating much more volume of new ELA content that by the way is contributed about 1.5 point of growth above our expectation. And we're also getting great [closing in] (ph) NRR of 7 points versus history. So, we think like we just finished above our model in third quarter on constant currency on Software, we said in the prepared remarks, we expect a pretty similar fourth quarter at the high end overall, so we're maintaining Software. If you look at Consulting, we said 6% to 8% overall. By the way, year-to-date, we're up 6%. Actually, 6.4% to be exact. And we look at fourth quarter overall, we just talked about in Ben's question, our strong bookings, our book-to-bill at 1.16, the tailwinds on hybrid cloud around strategic partnerships, I think we feel pretty good about our overall guidance.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah, David, thanks for the question overall. We'll spend a lot of time in January talking about 2024 free cash flow, but I'm glad you actually asked the question because we've been talking about free cash flow all year long. It's one of Arvind and IBM's two important metrics, revenue growth, free cash flow generation. We called out $10.5 billion, by the way, up $1.2 billion this year off of last year where we grew $2.8 billion year-to-year. And we said that's above our annualized model. Our annualized model is about [$750 million] (ph) per year coming on off the I&E and the business fundamentals. You look through the third quarter, we're up now $1 billion year-to-year. We're at $5.1 billion, very high quality by the way. Of that $1 billion, $700 million of it is cash sourced from operating profit overall, so that's the improving fundamentals of our sustainable revenue growth and our operating leverage and productivity we're driving in this business. And as I said all year long, I was very transparent in January, repeated it in April, said it again in July, and now let's say it again, when we look at that $1.2 billion free cash flow growth year-to-year, we're going to get most of it through cash source from profit, read that about $800 million to $900 million, and we said that we would get working capital efficiency this year. Why? Because of our 4Q '22 opportunity gap that we missed. And we called it out transparently in January. We're seeing that play out. You do the puts and takes. Yes, we're going to get a little bit of a modest tailwind on structural actions this year that will offset cash tax headwinds. But you look at the underlying $1.2 billion free cash flow growth, it is a high quality, fundamentally driven out of our revenue growth and operating leverage. Now, you look to '24, we'll spend a lot more time on cash tax, a lot of that is going to be predicated on where we actually finished fourth quarter overall. But we feel confident with the actions we've been putting in place, and we've got to earn the credibility and discipline here closing out a free cash flow quarter, by the way, that's $5.4 billion.
