Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Thank you, Wamsi, and I appreciate the compliment to all the IBM-ers around there, who have been working hard. Let me start out as we always talk about our guidance. It's the first time we're coming out with 2020 guidance overall. And as we always do, we take into account multiple scenarios trajectory of our business, operational indices, business plans, etc., and all that gives us confidence in the expectation we went out with regards to $13.35 at least on EPS, and approximately $12.5 billion, but there are a couple of things underneath that, and some of them, which you talked about, let me just share some of the color. So, first around currency. Currency, we expect on a full-year to be pretty de minimis between 0 point and 1 point of a headwind, a little bit different what we've been challenged with the last [few years], but most of that's going to be here in the first half and in the first quarter at current spot rates. Second, we've done a lot of work around our portfolio optimization, divest the non-core assets, that is going to be about 1-point impact on the year and a 2-point impact in the first half, very similar to what we just finished in second half of the year. Three, we're continuing to deal with the deferred revenue impairment and we were very transparent on Investor Day, we gave you the four-quarter roll out, and that's predominantly a first half statement, second half it's lessened. And four, embedded in our results as we talked about in prepared remarks, we'll go through. In GTS, we are going to take aggressive structural actions to reposition the business overall. I would tell you, if you look at the last few years, that will probably be on the high-end of that. And when you take a look at our guidance on tax, which again to be fully transparent 7% to 9%, that is all-in including discretes, we expect a tax discrete benefit in the first quarter that will pretty much offset the charge, and on a full-year basis be immaterial. So, that's some of the color behind the overall. Now, when you talk about the full-year, I mean, you look at our guidance in the full-year, we will grow revenue, we will grow operating earnings per share, we will grow free cash flow, and we will continue to expand margins nicely. And embedded in that, will be continued acceleration of our cloud business and continued good growth out of the IBM plus Red Hat together.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, well, let's talk about since we got asked twice, and again, Tien-tsin, thank you for the question. Overall, as I said, at the IBM level, we expect to grow revenue, operating earnings per share, free cash flow and continue to expand margins. Within that, when you look at it by segment, let me give you some of the colors from a segment. Number one, we continue to have a very strong portfolio and offering line-up in our software base of business, complementing now with the Red Hat acquisition, you're seeing in our results the synergistic value we're bringing to our clients, bringing IBM and Red Hat together, and we see consistent performance in that segment. GBS overall, we actually finished pretty strong in GBS, very strong signings in the quarter. We returned that business for the first time in years back to backlog growth and we're pretty optimistic about accelerated growth in 2020. GTS, to your question, we talked about 90 days ago, fourth quarter played out pretty consistent with the guidance we gave 90 days ago. And when you look at our backlog position where we ended, and you look into 2020, we are going to take actions around high-value portfolio optimization, around offerings, around go-to-market models, around incentives and changing our operating model in light of what we're seeing in the marketplace, and I would see an improving trend in GTS as we move through the year predominantly in the second half. And then if you look at Systems, we're off to a very good start. That segment has always been predicated based on bringing new innovation and value to market. Our z15 and new high-end storage, which we brought the market, both grew nicely. Value proposition resonating. We expect a very strong first half in both of those, and we'll see as we get into the second half, how this cycle plays out.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure. Thanks, Matt. I appreciate the question. GBS overall, first of all, we talked about 90 days ago, we were facing a very difficult compare. When you look at fourth quarter last year, I think I'm going off memory, we grew high single-digit overall, we were double-digit consulting growth, we returned application management to mid-single-digit growth. And we talked at that time that we had done a lot of work about improving the quality of our delivery and we had achieved significant milestones that were contributing to fourth quarter last year. And by the way, if I remember correctly, our pre-tax income was up 30% to 40% fourth quarter last year. So, we knew what we were entering here in the fourth quarter, but I'll tell you, overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the GBS space of business for the full-year, second year in a row, consistent revenue growth. We grew operating gross profit margins by 90 basis points. We continue to reposition this business to capture the growth in our clients' digital reinventions and journey to cloud, we're seeing nice acceleration in both. And as I just said on the prior question, we finished the year pretty strong in GBS with regards to signings growth, returning to overall backlog back to growth and we see an accelerated GBS positioning going into 2020. And to your question, that's really led by, you know we've talked about the rationale of Chapter 2 around hybrid cloud, around a large portion of mission critical workloads that are going to move to the cloud as we move forward and hybrid is going to be that destination. I think what you're seeing is the natural early innings of that playing out, and that is represented more so in project-based businesses around cloud advisory, cloud application, migration, and advisory services. So, consulting is leading the way, but to me, that's the tip of the arrow that's going to lead then AMS, and then eventually as that matures, our GTS managed services going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks, Tony. Appreciate the questions overall. Let me try to take each of these, and piece parts. First of all, fourth quarter, yes. If you dial back 90 days ago, we talked about our seasonality in our business and we were looking for a transactional quarter that would take our sequential growth up about $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion, and we achieved above that high-end. Now, truth be told all transparency, currency got a little bit better in the quarter, but even with that, we still beat the high-end of our guidance overall, and most importantly returned IBM back to revenue growth. Now, when you look underneath the transactional performance, I would tell you, one, our mainframe, we're off to a normal cycle here in the quarter. We had a very good start. Our first full-quarter, grown 63%, highest MIPS ship in history. So, I would tell you that less about a pull-forward from 2020, that's kind of normal cycle. And when you get underneath software, we've got good momentum. We spent a lot to invest and modernize our software portfolio, containerized our offerings, make them cloud-native, and optimized and OpenShift with Red Hat to play out the synergistic value of IBM plus Red Hat, and I think we're seeing very good momentum in adoption in our Cloud Paks here in the fourth quarter. The only area I would call out, and we've talked about this many times, and that is our transaction processing platforms. We've run mission critical workloads on our systems for our clients, it's high value for our clients, it's high value for IBM. And there’s always volatility in that portfolio on when clients choose to commit to our platform for the long-term. And you saw in the fourth quarter, we actually did better than our internal expectation. So, we're taking a prudent view of that in 2020, but I think that's another instantiation of the innovative value we bring to the marketplace with our systems offerings overall. So that's what I would say with regards to your first question, I'm trying to remember all of them. Let me go to free cash flow. Very important. We said approximately $12.5 billion, and when you look underneath that, yes, during the Investor Day, we said over the next two years, Red Hat and IBM will deliver $1.5 billion of free cash flow. By the way, that Red Hat will be free cash flow accretive in year one, and we are well on our path for that. So, when you look at the dynamics of our free cash flow, it's really in a couple of different buckets. A couple of headwinds. A couple of tailwinds. On the tailwind side, we're going to have operational profit and we're going to have Red Hat contribution, all-in, net of incremental interest expense, retention, etc., will be accretive in year one. On the headwind side, we are going to invest. In 2019, our capital we were driving a balanced capital allocation process, driving efficiencies out of that, that will wrap in 2019 and we will have a headwind in CapEx and the investing in our business, and we will also have a headwind in cash tax overall. And when you take a look to your last question around revenue, I would tell you right now, we said it in August that Red Hat – IBM plus Red Hat together would deliver 4 points to 5 points. When I look at where the current estimate is in consensus in the Street, I think the Street is pretty reasonable. It's 3% overall, you add at constant currency, with the headwind on the currency to stronger dollar, and you look at our divestitures, we're at mid-single-digit growth. So, I think the current estimates out there are reasonable.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks, Amit. I appreciate the question. And let me take each of them. Just quickly, net, you're right. On color of first quarter, it is a little different, just given the Red Hat. And if you go back to how we were transparent and hopefully everyone appreciates this as I go out and talk to investors, we've given you the deferred revenue impairment charge for the first four quarters after the closure of the Red Hat transaction, but really when you look at our first quarter, first on EPS. We expect EPS from SKU perspective to be between 14% and 15% of the full-year. Underneath that, that is basically on our historical trajectory, less the Red Hat deferred revenue impairment, which as we told you is about $400 million. So, pretty normal SKU, taking into account the Red Hat deferred element. In terms of revenue, we look at revenue and we see – again, can't predict currency. We're calling currency between a small impact to about 1-point impact right now, all that varies depending on our geographic and product mix, but we're seeing right now at a constant currency level, accelerated growth of about half-a-point here from fourth quarter to first quarter at constant currency. And when you take a look at tax rate, very good question. We printed in 2019, 8.5% all-in. We guided pretty much right between that, 7% to 9% overall. That does include discretes as we're trying to give you increased transparency and what's in our expectation, but very important to note, is I talked about we will be taking structural actions to reposition our GTS business from a cost competitiveness perspective in light of what we're seeing in the marketplace. And unlike last year where we had a funding event with regards to a gain that offset a charge, this year we're taking a charge and we're going to absorb that through the return of that. So, we really don't see a benefit overall, as we go forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, so let me take the second one first, and we'll talk about synergies. So, obviously as I stated upfront, we're very pleased with the first six months here of bringing IBM and Red Hat together, and I think you could see based on the performance in the acceleration that we are truly better together. We're delivering the synergistic value to our clients overall. The best way, when I look at it, first of all, the accelerated revenue in Red Hat, up 24% year-over-year is one instantiation. The second, and I know many of you out there have been writing and have different models of trying to figure out what's IBM's organic revenue number and so forth, and I've been spent a lot of time with our investors. And let me give you the way we look at it and how we're managing to ensure that we drive the synergistic value of the technology architecture decisions we're making and the go-to-market leverage of our scale and large enterprise presence, which gets at your $1.6 billion-plus of synergistic effect. When we look at our business overall, we're looking for the lift in the growth in the acceleration of our overall software business. And when we look at the operational performance of this segment, we look at it on an all-in historical normalized basis. And at that level, our software growth accelerated all-in to 3%. Now, what does this reflect to your question? It reflects in my opinion, the true demand of our software demand from our clients, including Red Hat. Then adjusting out the deferred revenue impairment impact and Red Hat's stand-alone revenue last year. So, when you look at what we talked about in Investor Day, we talked about sell more Blue IBM and we talked about sell more Red. The sell more Red was our global presence and our scale to accelerate Red Hat overall. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we're seeing a great progress. We had 21 deals above $10 million, up 2x year-over-year, and over half of those deals were large IBM enterprise clients. So, we are seeing the instantiation of the leverage of the IBM side. And around sell more IBM, I just told you about accelerating software revenue. We have now over 2,000 clients on OpenShift and Cloud Paks, and around services, we've signed hundreds of services Red Hat engagement deals overall, including several design wins in network cloud providers around 5G that will play out as we go through 2020.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. David, thank you very much for the question. And let me start with providing some overall context, because I think it's important to share what are we seeing in the market and then how that informs our actions. As you heard in the prepared remarks, we printed down 4%, consistent with our expectations and what we talked about 90 days ago as we're experienced lower client base business volumes, but it's important to note, GTS, one, has the industry-leading market share position, two, has the global footprint and scale, and three, most importantly has a very integral role into the integrated value proposition of IBM overall as we run the mission critical workloads for many of our clients overall. And by the way, you see that playing out in our cloud-based performance in GTS, where over the trailing 12 months, we got over $8.5 billion book of business that's growing double-digits, and you heard the significant wins we had in the quarter, Broadridge, Banco Sabadell, Bank of America public cloud, in addition to several Red Hat wins, including what I just said about some design wins with network providers, but I'll tell you what we're seeing in the marketplace, David, to your point is clients are making architectural choices.  They are embarking on application-led transformation. And we see this opportunity really playing out as I said earlier, in project-based services, the advice, the build, the migrate, which is very aligned to our GBS business. And by the way, that's why we feel pretty confident in where we ended 2019 and our opportunity in 2020 around GTS. Now, if you look at – as client adoption matures and it moves through the advisory phase and the application modernization phase, this will naturally extend to our GTS aligned managed services phase, which should scale up over time. And that's why I said, more of a second-half play as we go forward. So, in-light of that, what we're seeing in the marketplace, we are going to take aggressive actions around our GTS business model. We are going to reposition this business for hybrid cloud investing jointly, integrating GTS and GBS offerings around advise, build, move and manage, we are creating a building skills and investing, and where we see the growth right in front of us, that's starting to scale around cybersecurity management, trust and compliance services, multi-cloud management, and of course managed services around OpenShift.  And second, we are going to integrate our go-to-market with GBS and our global account teams at the large enterprise level. We're going to take these integrated offerings, leverage now the integrated value and breadth of IBM that can play across the continuum as clients move to journey to the cloud. And we're going to go drive that hard. And in addition, I would tell you, we are going to improve the cost competitive structure of this business with the actions we're going to take here early in 2020.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Jim. Thanks for your question. I appreciate it. And no, you got the numbers right. So, let me talk a little bit about signings overall, and more importantly, as I've always said before, signings vary, they're not all equal, how they impact backlog, how they impact realization. But if you look at our signings overall, we delivered $14.4 billion. I would tell you internally, that was actually above our expectations. Why? To your point, we were coming off of a very difficult compare last year. Signings are down 9% overall. And when you look underneath it to my point about all signings are not equal, and you break out large deals from smaller deals, and let me just use $100 million as I've been for the last few quarters here, our large deal signings greater than $100 million were down 34%. That was coming off of last year where we had 19 deals above $100 million, predominantly in our GTS base of business, of which many of those were natural extensions and not new logos. That's the point about signings not being equal, but our smaller deals, less than $100 million by the way, which is still big, were up double digits, both for the quarter and for the half, and across both businesses, GTS and GBS. Back to David Grossman's question, I think you're seeing the natural evolution of the early innings of this journey to cloud as we move forward. Now the interesting thing is, underneath, we posted over $112 billion worth of backlog, and that backlog was actually up $5 billion quarter-to-quarter. That's one of our largest sequential 3Q to 4Q backlog increase, by the way, with and without currency that we've had in quite some time. So, I would tell you, net answer, tough compare, large deal focus, but the health of the underlying portfolio growing substantially double digits both GTS, GBS, in less than $100 million.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thank you, Jeffrey. Appreciate the question. On the 2020 guidance, reiterate it just to make sure there is absolute clarity here for everyone. When you look at our tax rate, our tax rate in 2019, 8.5%. Our tax rate in 2020, we said 7% to 9%, pretty much right in the middle. So, tax year-to-year is not a benefit. We're growing operating EPS year-over-year. When you look at that tax rate – and I'm not going to talk to what each of you have in your own model, but underneath that we, as we said, are going to take structural actions to reposition our GTS business for the hybrid cloud world. Those structural actions are going to flow through to profit. And when I said those structural actions upfront, I said, if you look at the last few years, we are going to be at the high-end of that range, of that total charge. There is no coverage for that charge. We are going to absorb the return in our fiscal 2020 and still grow operating earnings per share to at least $13.35 coming off of what we just finished at $12.81. So, that's the first question. Was there a part two? Macro environment. I would tell you, Jeffrey, if you ask me from 90 days ago to today, we've obviously had some clarity around some of the uncertainty was out there with regards to at least Phase 1 on trade, around Brexit, and a few other areas. I have always said, when you have high value innovative technology that you can bring to market that creates differentiated competitive advantage for your clients, spending will occur. If anything – and by the way, I don't think this is a change we've seen throughout 2019, CFOs that I talked to, everyone is focused on more so productivity, ROI, and predictability of spend. Everyone is trying to lock in what their spend rates are as they move forward, but when you have strong technology like the mainframe that brings differentiated value, people are buying that to actually deliver differentiation for them in the marketplace to win. So, as always, let me make a few comments to wrap up the call. 2019 was an important year for IBM. We had a good end to the year and we're pleased with the strength and the positioning exiting the year. The acceleration in Red Hat, strong adoption of our Cloud Paks, growth in our cloud-based services, all validate the actions we've taken to position us for growth in 2020. So, I want to thank all of you for joining us today and we look forward to continuing the dialog.
