Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Thanks, Amit, and it's a very nice to hear from you again and welcome back. Let's talk about services and allow me to break it into two, because you're asking both the GTS side of the business and the GBS side of the business, because they have two fundamentals that are happening against each other. On one, we've been talking about -- let's talk about GTS first. We've been talking about the portfolio prioritization work that we've been doing about exiting lower-value content, which we've said all along would impact revenue in the near term, but result in higher margins in a better business profile going forward. And I think you're seeing that play out in our first half performance. Revenue in the second quarter, pretty consistent with the first quarter overall, but our margins, our operating leverage we are seeing substantial leverage in that business as we move forward because we said we were going to shift that business to higher value margin, profit and cash. And we were up 120 basis points, really led by that mix shift to getting away from lower-value content deemphasizing that, but also with our productivity initiatives which are executing well and delivering very good return on investment. Now with regards to GTS, what do we learn about the first half performance? And how does it impact the trajectory going into second half with regards to what did we learn? Well, I would tell you right now, based on where our backlog dynamics are and in particular, our backlog run-out, we see an inflection point as we enter the second half in GTS. We're coming off the first half down 3.5%. Most of that being driven by conscious strategy as I talked about, but now we're going to wrap on that strategy as we enter later half of the second -- second half of 2019 and we're also beginning to ramp on a very strong large deals signings at the end of 4Q 2018 as we move forward. So, we feel very good about our book of business in GTS. We got through this conscious strategy. It's given us tremendous margin leverage, tremendous free cash flow leverage and we returned that business back to profitability in the first half and we see both margin improvement and sustainability. And we see that inflection point with an improvement in sequential year-to-year performance. On GBS, the team has done a great job. We have repositioned the portfolio, redesigned our service lines. We are driving growth across all three platforms, digital, cloud, cognitive as we enable our clients to really drive their digital reinvention journeys for the cloud and journeys to the cognitive enterprise. As we look at the end of the first half, when we look at our backlog run-out, our backlog run-out says, we’re going to have consistent growth as we move into third quarter. We're coming off of a pretty good signings quarter with GBS and a very strong continuation in small and mid-sized deals that are fueling our revenue in period. So, we feel pretty good about sustainability of that growth coming off the first half in GBS. And we see that marked inflection on a sequential year-to-year improvement in GTS as we exit the second -- enter the second half.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay Matt. Thank you very much. Yes, we're obviously very pleased with our Cloud & Cognitive Software business here in the second quarter. And most importantly, as you all know quite well we'll spend a lot more time on August 2nd talking about IBM plus Red Hat and how we're better together and how it's going to change the cloud landscape in this $1 trillion hybrid cloud market. Red Hat will be part of this segment overall in Cloud & Cognitive Software. But if you look at the second quarter, I think there's a perfect instantiation of where client demand is going. And when you got a differentiated value propositions and strong portfolio and offerings and a lineup and you execute well, you start seeing the leverage in acceleration and that's what we got out of the quarter. We're helping our clients as they move their hybrid cloud applications to the cloud and also on data and AI. So, cloud and data platform, strong growth, up 7%, strong adoption in our ICP IBM Cloud Private, up 50% quarter-over-quarter in adoption rates. But we're also seeing very good growth in our integration offerings and our hybrid cloud data platforms that are driving both our data, our analytics, and our AI capability going forward. But also across the other platform Cognitive Applications, we saw a good growth of 5% driven by a very good quarter in our integrated security software and services business as we launched new offerings around identity management, around threat management. And we've got a very differentiated value proposition and we're executing well, but we also had very good growth across in some industry verticals led by supply chain in IoT; offerings around Maximo, which we've got a very strong incumbency with our clients in delivering value and also in weather. Weather has consistently driven good growth for us. And I would tell you this quarter the Weather app in India became the number one downloaded app for the first time ever in India and that couples with already being number one downloaded app in the United States here. So, we're seeing good growth across many of our verticals and across our cloud and data platform and this really establishes the foundation and we couldn't be more excited with Red Hat coming onboard July 8th.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Tony, thank you for your questions, multiple part. Lot packed in there, but let me just try to hit some of these head on. First of all, when you look at our GTS segment, it fits into the overarching integrated value of the IBM portfolio. There's components within our TSS segment that play to our Systems platforms in our business and drive tremendous integrated value. And our Infrastructure Services segment, obviously, plays a tremendous value to IBM's integrated model with their deep client relationships where we leverage the value of incumbency and we actually drive as channel high-value software and hardware into those businesses. So I'm not going to talk about the individual profitability of those two pieces, because we manage this as an integrated play across IBM. But what I will talk about and I did see your report is that I view this as we have tremendous headroom to grow our margins, which is what we are maniacally focused on in this business about selling high-value, which is part of our conscious strategy of exiting and deemphasizing our low-value third-party OEM; and by the way in the first half you see how that has played out in our results. Our margins are up very strong, 120 basis points, and our pre-tax margins x the charges, so you can look at it on a sustainable basis going forward are up in the second quarter, and they're up through the first half. And I didn't even talk about the level of cash contribution that this business now is spewing off. So we are very pleased with the business model, the trajectory and the value of what GTS brings to us. And I would agree with you completely, that we got headroom and that's what the teams focused on driving moving forward. Now with regards to your services, signings and backlog. We've been talking about at least for multiple quarters about the changing dynamics of signings and backlog in this environment. Part of that is the changing client demand and buying behaviors. Part of that is a shift to as-a-service in cloud. But as you stated, our signings were down in the quarter. Our backlog, absolute backlog is down, but I will remind everyone its $111 billion overall, that backlog is down mainly driven by large deals to your point. Now, when you look at large deals, our large deals in the quarter were down by 20%. But, over the trailing 12 months, our large deals are actually flat, up in GTS as we sell that integrated outsourcing value, and actually down in GBS as the application management service is moving much quicker to the cloud, which is why we've been re-architecting our offerings around application management, modernization, migration services. But as I said before, and I'm giving increased transparency and disclosure for our investors, signings are not all equal. Signings vary and they vary based on how they influence backlog duration, erosion, mix of signings, new logo. And for increased disclosure, when we look at our backlog run-out, which is right in front of us right now, that gives us confidence to talk about the inflection point in GTS as we wrap on this de-emphasis on lower-value content and we start ramping up our large deals from fourth quarter, which will start in the second half. So we see that inflection on a sequential year-to-year. And around GBS, we see continued momentum as we move forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thank you, Katy. Yes, very good question overall. Last year, we talked about in the beginning of 2018, how we were investing significantly in building out our cloud architecture. In fact, our capital spend last year was up 70% as we built out six new MZR's around the world in which today our cloud architecture is very competitive and it covers 95%-plus of the demand from a cloud market overall. But as we talk about throughout 2018, and now definitely into the first half of 2019, we are seeing continued scale efficiencies around our cloud as we generate more and more scale, as we're starting to drive the utilization around our cloud pods around the world and as we've – obviously, leveraging the differentiated value proposition and growing our cloud business, which is now $19.5 billion over a trailing 12 months. So we feel pretty good. And you see that play out in our GTS segment, which is consistently been accelerating their year-over-year margins up 110 basis points in the first quarter and up 120 basis points in the second quarter. And as you all know, that's well in excess to their model, but my answer to the last question, we believe we've got a lot of headroom.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Wamsi, I'm glad you got back in. Thank you. Obviously, all of us, we operate in 170 countries around the world. We are constantly monitoring information around market dynamics and in particular around the client buying behavior, which I think is at the core of your question. Now, we would tell you, the IT industry is still growing in excess of GDP. And in particular, as you see play out in our results, around key high-value areas data and AI, cloud, security, digital where there's tremendous value proposition to allow our clients to differentiate their competitive positioning as they move along their digital reinvention journeys to the cloud and journey to cognitive enterprise and we see that continuing to play out. Now, with that said, the IT industry is always been predicated in my mind on effective balance between leveraging technology for growth and leveraging technology for productivity, and at certain times, things change and that balance changes. And I would tell you today what we're seeing on client buying behaviors is a slight shift more and more to productivity, to quick payback ROI. And more importantly, as the CFO, I could tell you directly in uncertain times, you want predictability. And our value equations really played to that especially in our software part of our portfolio and our services. But I would tell you, when you look across the world, we had pretty good growth around both major markets and around components of emerging markets. U.K. Canada, Japan, Spain grew very nicely and consistently. And from an industry perspective, we're seeing pretty good pervasive growth still in insurance, in financial markets, in health care, life sciences, education, on travel transportation, but we see pretty good perspective overall.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yeah. Thank you, David. I appreciate the question, because free cash flow is obviously front and center right now with all of us around continuing to shift this business model to higher value. We're very excited about the Red Hat acquisition. We do think it's a game-changer where we're going with regards to helping our clients in Chapter 2 and we're also prudently driving the financial discipline and manage it -- management in this company around delevering the company and around getting back to our targeted leverage ratios within a couple of years. But if you take a look at free cash flow, first of all, we're very pleased in the first half. We delivered over $4 billion of free cash flow in the first half. That's up $900 million driven by continued working capital efficiency, offset by operating profit here in the first half, but we got very good, sound capital management. And we talked about a couple of those components in the prepared remarks as you called out. Now, with the Red Hat acquisition, we're going to talk much more about this on August 2nd and put it in perspective of why we're better between IBM and Red Hat together and share with our investors our business profile, our synergies, our capabilities, our financial model and the investment thesis going forward. So, we look forward to talking to all of you in about 10 days from now plus or minus as we move forward. And we'll give some discussion about guidance on free cash flow as we forward. So with that said, I just want to make a few comments to wrap up the call. Our performance this quarter, I think is a great basis from, which to move forward in the future. We set the foundation and now one that includes Red Hat effective July 8th. On August 2nd, as I just said in the last question we're going to host our Investor webcast. We'll talk about how IBM is addressing what we call chapter two of our clients' digital reinventions. We'll have several of our senior leaders lay out our strategy and show how IBM plus Red Hat is ideally positioned to address the opportunity ahead of us. And then I'll wrap up with our financial view of IBM and also not only talk about 2019, but more importantly, give a perspective about where this business is going in the medium-term as we move forward. So as always, thank you for joining us today and we look forward to continue the dialogue in early August.
