Mark Loughridge: Let me start with your first question about the IT spending environment and revenue growth characterizing that compared to more normal IT spending levels. First of all, as we went through it we made it the second chart in the pack and you can see how our growth rates improved across our brands and across our geographies. So to me, STG up 11 points. Software up 9. GVS up 3. Very good, uniform performance on that content highly driven by the strength of our transactional performance and our STG and software business.  I think even more interesting to me as you look across the geographies look at how uniform that improvement in growth rate is going from the fourth quarter to first quarter. Americas up 6 points. EMEA up 5. Asia up 4. The major markets improving 5 points of growth. Growth markets up 6. Within that BRIC up 7 with IBM total revenue up 5. That is very consistent with the direction we gave when we posted fourth quarter. We talked about we ought to be seeing improved performance in our revenue growth rates both in actual and in constant currency going from the fourth to the first. Actually within that at the time we had assumed currency would be an assist of 6-7 points and actually it came out more like 5 points. Given that we actually exceeded our own objectives here we did much better on the operational performance to compensate for that currency effect.  The second thing I will say across the spend environment, we are seeing a transition in the kinds of deals and the IT spend mix that our customers are looking for. Specifically in this quarter you can see that transformational offerings especially within consulting were much more highly driven with consulting signings now up 18% or 12% in constant currency. That is very strong performance. We haven’t had that growth rate in the consulting business for over three years. I thought that was very encouraging in an area of the business that yields more quickly.  Now whether we are back to normal IT spend, that is a longer term view of the world. Obviously I would like to see this momentum continue but what I see within the IBM equation is we have a very strong play to improve our revenue performance now going into the second quarter with the services businesses now returning to modest growth, software continuing its very powerful performance up 11% in the first quarter. I thought that was very encouraging to see that kind of growth in our most profitable business continuing to fuel the remix in our business equation.  In hardware now taking advantage of improved transactional content within our transaction base and now moving into the second half we have substantial announcements coming up. I think it is all good and positive performance on that transactional side the way I see it now. There will be the offset with PLM and that is about a 2-3 point impact in software growth but we are normalized for that going forward. Generally if you look across the characteristics I feel like we have a good hand going into the second quarter. 
Mark Loughridge: Sure, let me go through that. First of all when you look at that guidance to be 90-days into the New Year and take that guidance up $0.20 I think that is a pretty significant improvement in our view of the year. That improvement was really driven by the strength we see in the quarter, the strength in the operational performance. I covered a number of these points in the last question but much better signings performance in our consulting business. Software transactional performance in the first quarter up 28% at constant currency and 24% at actual. Hardware returning to growth with good announcements in the quarter but very exciting announcements as we move into the second half.  If you look at what accounts for the improvement going from $11 to $11.20, that improvement is based on our confidence as we now have closed I would say a very good first quarter. Now within that, there are a number of different mechanics under the hood we can talk about. First of all, one you had mentioned if you look at the workforce rebalancing work we did that was predominately in Europe and Asia. So it has a slightly longer payback. We said it pays back within the year. If you look at that it is about $550 million of benefit predominately in the second half of the year.  I would say that would yield about 2/3 because the balance of the third now that we are in more of a growth mode the balance of that third we can use now for investment to drive our revenue. So let’s say about 1/3 of that $550 million. That would be about $0.20. Now as I pointed out earlier that is partially offset by the $0.07 impact from PLM with the PLM impact starts in the second quarter. The benefit of the workforce rebalancing is really in the second half of the year. I think that gives you kind of a framework.  I also want to comment if you look at improving the guidance from $11 to $11.20 remember that when we were in the second quarter of 2007 we established a roadmap that we said just having completed a year at $6.05 we thought we had a very good chance to improve that to at least $9.00 by the time we got into 2010 with a potential range in 2010 to 2011 depending on the performance of our pension fund. Here we are talking about $11.20, well beyond that roadmap objective. So I think we have done pretty well especially having gone through a recession and within that recession recording earning per share growth every quarter at a fairly substantial rate. I feel good about the guidance. I feel good about the business as we exit the first quarter. The workforce rebalancing will have benefit but that will be predominately in the back half of the year.  Frankly when you look at your to-go increase based on our increase in our EPS guidance I reserve most of that to go increase for the back half of the year. 
Mark Loughridge: We certainly have as you point out, we have a strong base as we go into the second half of the year. First of all it is the savings out of workforce rebalancing that will be substantial. In addition as you pointed out new and exciting announcements on the high end of our server line which drives substantial margins and [inaudible] substantial margin in the business. So I think we have a very good base going into this second half of the year. 
Mark Loughridge: Absolutely. Let’s link the discussion on divestitures with acquisitions because they are part and parcel partners in this strategy of ours. First of all, if you look at the ongoing strategy we have we want to move into intellectual property based businesses that are highly scalable and related to driving the solutions offerings we have; solution offerings like business analytics for example.  What we are doing on the [audio break] side, on the divestment side, is moving out of businesses that have lower growth prospects and lower margin prospects. If you look at the divestitures and the acquisitions in the quarter I think they are perfect examples of that strategy. The PLM business we remarketed their product. We didn’t own the intellectual property; they owned the intellectual properties and as we worked through this with the sale it made more sense for them to actually run that sales and marketing themselves rather than for us.  At the same time we invested in five very strong candidates that do have a lot of intellectual property and that intellectual property is aligned with the strategic objectives we have set for ourselves. So I think this is actually a perfect example; divesting of lower growth, lower margin commoditizing content and monetizing content and moving that investment base into higher growth, higher margin intellectual property that we think is highly scalable and aligned with our strategic trajectory. 
Mark Loughridge: I think that is a very fair question. We have had that question a number of times I would say over the last decade. Oftentimes we have had divestitures and our analysts look at them and say well that might be about it. We are looking at next year IBM’s centennial. We are investing and driving for another centennial. So this is going to go on all the time. This is going to be a constant process of regeneration and renewal and transforming our business base into new opportunities that we think have better margin and better growth prospects and I think there is no better example than looking at the profit mix of the software business from 2000 to 2008 and you can see how much that expanded. That was a strategic choice. 
Mark Loughridge: First of all if you look at the AMS, it was down about $700 million year-over-year. It faced a prior year where they grew signings 23% and they had a handful of very large deals. It was a challenging quarter for that business and that business did quite well last year. We grew signings 14% for the year. So a good double digit performance in 2009 and a particularly strong first quarter to compare to.  If you look at across the services base of business on a signings base, we do think that when we go into the second quarter we have a very good deal list with good odds so there is no reason we shouldn’t be growing signings at a reasonable level as we go into the second quarter. If you look at booking expectations I think that is going to be characterized quarter by quarter. Right now we see a pretty good pipeline going into the second quarter and as I said we will be returning to signings growth. 
Mark Loughridge: Let’s look at first of all your question on transformation especially related to consulting services. If you look at the consulting performance as we pointed out signings were up 18%. Underneath that, underneath that performance it is interesting to note that North America was up 26% and GMU was up 35%. In fact we had growth in four of our five major IOCs in the consulting. A pretty broad based phenomenon with real strength not only in our major markets like North America but also in our growth markets, up 35%.  If you look at the content underneath consulting in our base of business it was about 25% of base of business that was business analytics and Smarter Planet so you can see the linkage that consulting momentum grew to other parts of our business. Business analytics where is its biggest component? It is obviously in software. We have reviewed with you the acquisitions and organic investments we have made in business analytics and software as well as the organic investments, mathematical expertise and research given we are now the largest private sector math department in the world.  All of those work together to help drive that equation and move that transformation through a number of our business units. Given the investment we have made in this obviously we are looking for a multi-quarter, multi-year growth in that business analytics opportunity. So, with that business analytics is a great example of moving into solution offerings with a big software base in the framework or the deliverable and that software base comes at very high margins. It is part of the mix shift that you have seen starting in 2000 driving much more of our profitability through that high margin business. 
Mark Loughridge: Well I am not going to give specific percentages to break that down. We do think we are clearly, based on the improvement of revenue growth rates from fourth to first and then the comments we made working with our general management going from first to second, we believe we are in a better framework for revenue as we go through the year. When you look at the components underneath the $11.20 we run multiple scenarios. We run scenarios with higher revenue growth rates in geographies; higher revenue growth rates in GMU versus major markets, higher revenue growth rates with higher margin content along business analytics; we do alternatives if the growth rate comes in the more transactional content as opposed to the [inaudible] content and what is the impact in currency.  Just in currency alone if you just look at the 90-day change in spot rates, in a quarter, that alone has impacted the actual revenue growth by about $1.5-2 billion. There is not just one scenario we look at to drive our view of the year. We look at multiple scenarios. We look at our flexibility to drive that and what we are delivering I think is a view of the world is in that least number. To us and to me that is a high probability base looking forward. 
Mark Loughridge: The thing I am always more impressed with is how dynamic the different plays and different solutions are in the corporation that cut across different product lines and avenues. We are certainly not dependent on any one set of announcements or strategies within the company. Now that said, this mainframe cycle looks typical to me and we have a very powerful announcement set up for the back half of the year so I am very optimistic in the upcoming announcements for both z series and our high end POWER 7 series. 
Mark Loughridge: Great question. We did track those deals as they rolled from fourth to first. As you look at them we did close a number of them but really the closure rate was very similar to 2009. So, on a year-over-year basis they really didn’t have much contribution to our overall growth. Our growth in this quarter was really driven by the operational performance in the quarter by our software business driving that 11% growth rate. 
Mark Loughridge: Good question. When you look at the acquisition base we had in the first quarter I thought we had a pretty darned good start. That is $1 billion of acquisitions spread across five very strong opportunities for us and demonstrates our commitment to acquisitions as an ongoing play. At the same time, we purchased $4 billion in the quarter. If you compare that to the prior year’s that does look like a large first quarter but I caution you really the prior year was impacted by the equity impact that we had in the business leaving 2008. So in other words when we had the big pension impact due to lower returns that in turn impacted our equity and our debt to cap went to about 48%.  So last year we had to be fairly careful about equity based transactions and the impact on that. We are not in that situation this year. We are not in that situation. If you look at our debt to cap now it is 18%. That is very conservative. We have $14 billion of cash. We just finished the quarter with $1 billion of growth acquisitions, $4 billion in share repurchase, $700 million in dividends. Now I would tell you as you all know this is a power reserved to the board and we have about $2 billion left in our authorization. I would think it would be more practical to compare this year’s acquisition opportunities and this year’s share repurchase opportunities especially on the latter base to what we saw in 2008 as opposed to 2009.  So thank you very much for your questions. Let me just wrap up here. We had a very good start to the year including real progress on the top line. Our best growth came from software which is our most profitable and highest value area. We had great growth in consulting signings which as you know tends to be a leading indicator. We started the introduction of our high-end servers which we will continue to roll out later in the year and drive hardware growth in the second half.  Overall we are encouraged by our performance in the first quarter and the position we are in for the rest of the year. That is why, just 90 days into the year we are taking up our EPS expectations for 2010. With at least $11.20 for the year we are well ahead of our 2010 roadmap objectives and we will talk to you again at our investor briefing on May 12th. But for now, as always, it is back to work. 
