Arvind Krishna: Thank you for joining us. In the first quarter, we had solid performance across revenue and cash flow. These results are further proof of the quality of our portfolio and our hybrid cloud and AI strategy. We had good performance in Software, at the high end of our model; continued strength in Infrastructure, above our model; while Consulting was below model. On a relative basis, Consulting outperformed the market.  Our cash flow generation is the strongest first quarter level we have reported in many years. This performance speaks to the strength of our diversified business model. Before we get into more detail on the quarter, let me address the announcement of our agreement to acquire HashiCorp, a company we have partnered with for a long time and believe is a tremendous strategic fit with IBM. Enterprise clients are wrestling with an unprecedented expansion in infrastructure applications across public and private cloud as well as on-prem environments, making this the ideal time to pursue this acquisition.  As generative AI deployment accelerates alongside traditional workloads, developers are working with increasingly heterogeneous, dynamic and complex infrastructure strategies. HashiCorp has a proven track record of helping clients manage the complexity of today's infrastructure by automating, orchestrating and securing hybrid and multi-cloud environments. HashiCorp is a great strategic addition to our portfolio, extending Red Hat's hybrid cloud capabilities to provide end-to-end automated infrastructure and security life cycle management.  HashiCorp's technology is foundational to enabling the transition to hybrid and multi-cloud, and Terraform is the industry standard for infrastructure automation for these environments. With security top of mind for every enterprise, Vault is a powerful secrets management offering to automate identity security across applications. The combination will also bolster our leading IT automation platform to address the sprawling complexity of AI-driven application and infrastructure growth.  HashiCorp's products have wide-scale adoption in the developer community, highlighting the pervasive nature of their technology used by over 85% of the Fortune 500 and downloaded over 0.5 billion times. The acquisition of HashiCorp builds on IBM's commitment to industry collaboration, the developer community and open source hybrid cloud and AI innovation.  Today's acquisition is consistent with our M&A strategy. We have taken a disciplined approach to M&A, and HashiCorp aligns well across all our key criteria to continue to focus and strengthen our portfolio, on hybrid cloud and AI, deliver synergies with the rest of IBM and be near-term accretive to free cash flow.  I will now turn it to Jim to discuss the financial implications. 
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Wamsi. So let me address your thought about the demand profile globally. So if I look at where we are right now and where we project for the rest of the year, demand is actually quite strong. I would put it as very similar to 2023. This is backed up by IMF GDP estimates, which are now north of 3% for the global business. If I look at it by geography, Japan remains very strong. I think that they are taking this opportunity to refresh the technology across their enterprise and government base. If you look at South Asia, extremely strong; even the Middle East, U.A.E., Saudi, very strong; Europe has remained consistent to last year; North and South America. So on a geography basis, we're seeing very, very strong demand.  Now interest rates are higher than people were expecting. I think we should acknowledge that. That means you get two effects going on. One, there is even stronger demand for software and infrastructure because people believe technology helps you in those environments and helps in an environment of increased labor costs and increased supply chain costs. Then when you look at the discretionary side, Jim answered this in the previous question, we are seeing a little bit, not across the board, not in all of the offerings in consulting, but where there is a little bit of discretionary labor, that is where we sense that pressure.  What we are going to do is pivot into the areas around helping people become more productive, take more cost out, digital transformation, work with our partners where there is very strong demand in the market. And as you pivot there, we believe that our growth rate in Consulting will continue to accelerate.  So I hope, Wamsi, that, that gave you a flavor on the demand vectors we have, both in Software and Infrastructure and in Consulting and on a geography basis.  Jim, over to you for part 2. 
Arvind Krishna: Ben, let me take the first part of those questions. We are very, very pleased with Red Hat. If I look at Red Hat now, we have had mid-teens or better bookings growth for the last 3 quarters, third quarter, fourth quarter and first quarter. That, combined with the growth we are seeing in OpenShift as well as in both Ansible and RHEL, OpenShift growing almost 40%, gives us a lot of confidence. So bookings growth plus OpenShift plus what we're seeing in the revenue now at 9% tells us that we should see that Red Hat growth continue or accelerate through the year.  Two, let me just address the macro point. Hashi is a nice add for the Red Hat portfolio. But it's not inside Red Hat, let's just be clear. So when we talk about Red Hat growth numbers in line and accelerating, that is Red Hat as is. Hashi will be measured in software, but in IBM software, not in Red Hat. Where the synergy comes is, we believe, there will be added demand because if a combined portfolio is more interesting, we think even more clients will talk to us. That is how Hashi will help Red Hat. It's not that the Hashi revenue counts at all for the numbers we just mentioned. So we kind of want to be clear on that.  Hashi to us is an accelerant for IBM strategy and for software strategy, and Hashi helps in being offensive in terms of giving us an overall better portfolio. So even more clients want to do business with us in the environments they're going to. That's kind of how I'd pitch it. And people know Hashi really well for their infrastructure management, but the security pieces of Hashi are also very, very interesting and really important as people navigate these very complex environments with all the worries about people losing secrets and keys and that resulting ransomware or hacking attacks. And that's kind of how I would paint the picture on that side. 
Arvind Krishna: So Brent, as you can imagine, we are very, very focused on that question. If I just want to lay out a 4-year trajectory, if you'll indulge me with just a minute, we began with a software portfolio that was, let's call it, flat, it would be a kind way of putting it, about 5 years ago. We've gone from flat to, as you said, some volatility. But we are now seeing that we can be north of 6% for this year, whether you want to call that 6.5% or 7%, and we are very confident in that. As we do organic innovation and as we do M&A, we will find that, that number will keep improving year-over-year. And I'm pointing to a very consistent 4-year trajectory of having achieved that.  By the way, within that, we do find there are a couple of slower growing pieces, but they're incredibly important to our overall profile, both for incumbency with clients and for the cash flow that we produce. We would never expect our mainframe software, the TPS piece, to be growing in the high-single digits or in double digits. So as that mix also changes over time, then we find that we're going to get closer and closer. And we do want to, over time, get software to grow above where we are right now. So right now, we are at the upper end of the mid-single-digit model. I think you can conclude what would be the next step we will go at, and then we'll go from there. 
Arvind Krishna: Brian, great question. So let me talk to some of the Red Hat dynamics. It's not so much directly related to VMware per se, but clients are all beginning to say, they're asking the question, which is the platform they want to bet on for the next 10 to 20 years on which they will write their applications, deploy them both in their own data centers and on public cloud. We find an incredible amount of interest in that question. And as we have built out the Red Hat portfolio not just for containers, because many people know OpenShift as a great container platform, but also for virtualization with both container-native virtualization and with the KVM hypervisor, we are finding a lot of interest around those topics.  Then as we layer in, by the end of the year, the HashiCorp advantages of managing the infrastructure across all these environments, we do believe that, that will be an accelerant to the Red Hat portfolio. So first, RHEL has got its place as the primary place where people want to deploy, OpenShift as a platform for both containers and virtualization, Ansible and HashiCorp helping increase automation and reduce the complexity. We think all of this plays in. And Brian, I think the best number is the mid-teens bookings growth on the subscription side of the business. That speaks to the demand in terms of not only is there demand but we are realizing that demand in the book of business that we are getting clients to commit to on Red Hat. 
Arvind Krishna: I think, Matt, that's a great question. So let me maybe take that, and I'll address it from both the consulting side and the software side. If we look 12 months ago, I would say that there was a lot of excitement and there was a lot of experimentation that we're starting, and people were not thinking through what does this mean for my overall ROI, what are the economics of running gen AI, how do I get the people changes done so that the ROI can actually be realized.  What is happening in all of my conversations this year, in the first quarter of 2024, is a lot of people have woken up that those issues need to be addressed as well. So when they talk to our consulting team, they are spending energy on, but can you help my people also do the transformation it takes, what is the change process through which you can recognize those things. They then go to immediately asking, in these models, how expensive is it to run them. And they begin to do the math, wait, if I run this model just for this one business process, the infrastructure costs alone could be $300 million a year. That doesn't close the ROI, can I do it in a much more cost-effective way but an equally good answer, and that is where you begin to see some of the models that IBM has produced. Our Granite series play very strongly into helping them recognize their ROI by reducing the economics.  And then lastly, and this is advice that I gave to the C-suite usually, and it resonates, don't take lots of little experiments, try to pick a few use cases which can scale. And by scale, meaning that they actually do impact a large fraction of their employees or their clients' customers and they begin to have a large impact in how business is done by either improving revenue or by making the enterprise significantly more productive. That's kind of a conversation shift from simply, oh, this is a neat new tool, let me try out to see what I can do, not what I should do, but what I can do. And I think that, that is a big change in terms of helping the organization scale.  So let me now wrap up the call. In the first quarter of 2024, we have executed on our strategy to deliver revenue growth and cash generation, allowing us to invest organically and through strategic acquisitions like HashiCorp. As always, we need to execute to capture the opportunity in front of us. I look forward to sharing our progress with you as we move through the rest of the year. 
James Kavanaugh: Thank you, Arvind. Let me start with the details of the transaction. We have agreed to acquire HashiCorp for $6.4 billion in enterprise value to be funded by cash on hand. The transaction was approved by HashiCorp's Board of Directors. Closing is anticipated by the end of 2024, subject to approval by HashiCorp's shareholders, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.  We have been executing a disciplined capital allocation strategy, and the acquisition of HashiCorp meets all of our criteria, including strategic fit, as Arvind just walked through, synergies across IBM and financial accretion.  Let me start by addressing synergies. We see multiple drivers of product synergies within IBM and accelerating growth for HashiCorp. Product synergies span across multiple strategic growth areas for IBM, including Red Hat, watsonx, data security, IT automation and consulting. For example, the powerful combination of Red Hat's Ansible automation platforms configuration management and Terraform's automation will simplify provisioning and configuration of applications across hybrid cloud environments.  We are well positioned to drive growth for HashiCorp by leveraging IBM's enterprise incumbency and global reach. With 70% of the revenue today coming from the U.S., the opportunity to scale HashiCorp across IBM's operations in 175 countries is significant.  We also believe we can accelerate HashiCorp's adoption with IBM clients. To put this in perspective, only about 20% of the Forbes Global 2000 are HashiCorp customers and just 25% of HashiCorp customers result in more than $100,000 annual recurring revenue, underscoring the opportunity to better monetize and upsell their products.  Bringing it all together, the acquisition allows us to deliver a more comprehensive hybrid cloud offering to enterprise clients, enhancing IBM's ability to capture global cloud opportunity. This will drive a higher growth profile over time.  Finally, we expect to realize operating efficiencies and expect the transaction to be accretive to adjusted EBITDA within the first full year post close and to free cash flow in year 2. Significant near-term cost synergies underpin the financial profile of the transaction, while product synergies represent further upside. We are very comfortable with our strong balance sheet, liquidity profile and solid investment-grade rating and remain committed to our dividend policy.  I'll now turn it back to Arvind. 
James Kavanaugh: Thanks, Amit. I appreciate the question. Let's take a step back because I think you're seeing some interesting dynamics in the consulting industry overall. And let's bifurcate it between how you asked the question. Let's look at real demand that's being measured in bookings, and then let's talk about what's happening with the revenue realization.  On demand, we continue to see and capitalize on solid demand in key areas around digital transformation, application modernization and Gen AI. Our signings in the quarter, up 4%, the strongest absolute first quarter signings we've had as far back as I can go. We have a strong book-to-bill, over 1.15 on a trailing 12 months. Our backlog dynamic is in a very strong position, 7% overall with stable erosion, but our duration has been going up the last 2 quarters. It's been up a couple of months.  But let's talk about the underpinnings of what's driving demand because I think that's what's most important around the key growth focus areas. You talked about Gen AI. Gen AI for IBM, Arvind indicated, inception to date, over a $1 billion book of business. Consulting in the first quarter, the book of business on Gen AI was 2x all of last year, so I think we're winning in the marketplace. We're taking share. And by the way, we're well above that ramp we saw with regards to Red Hat.  Our strategic partnerships still have great velocity, book-to-bill well north of 1.2. Our Red Hat book business is now $2.8 billion ARR around hybrid cloud. And we're seeing very nice acceleration in Gen AI and digital transformation around core workflow use case areas of finance, supply chain, HR and talent. So I think in the key focus areas, is our demand profile still continues to be good.  Now let's translate that to revenue. Revenue, first of all, in the first quarter, as we indicated, it was all organic. We ramped on our acquisitions. We continue to operate a very disciplined M&A process and we continue to be opportunistic, but that 2% revenue growth was all organic quarter-to-quarter. Second, in this marketplace, you look at competition, we're taking share still.  So when you look at it, 90 days ago, we talked about the year. We talked about the year was going to play out accelerating throughout the year. Why? Because, one, we knew we had a strong backlog and that backlog realization showed us that it was going to play out throughout the year with sequential improvement. But second, Easter. Easter, we knew calendar was there, it was at the end of March. That does impact a human capital-based business on a number of billing days.  So when you look then at first quarter, that backlog duration extending out a couple of months. We also saw, though, less revenue backlog yield, and that really played out if you look at our subsegments, in Application Operations. That's centered around custom AMS applications which, by the way, many of that, as you know quite well, is volume-based business. And that volume, like I said, backlog is stable overall. We're not losing the business. That is moving out to the right.  So with all that said, what are we focused on? We're focused on capturing new client demand in areas around our key growth areas. Two, we're continuing to focus and we are gaining share in the marketplace. Three, we're driving that economic multiplier of consulting and technology across our hybrid cloud and AI platform.  So in light of all that, that's why you see the mid-single-digit growth. I think that's prudent just given what every other consulting competitors come out with. By the way, that still drives 1.5 points of growth to IBM for the full year. And as I stated earlier, we see an accelerated growth profile as we move through the year. 
James Kavanaugh: Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Wamsi, for the question. As Arvind indicated in the prepared remarks, we couldn't be more excited about the powerful combination of HashiCorp with IBM and Red Hat together. We talked about it in the prepared remarks, we've been very disciplined in our set of criteria around M&A. And this fits strategically. It has tremendous synergistic value to our hybrid cloud and AI portfolio and it has an attractive financial return overall.  And Hashi meets all three: One, it's a higher revenue growth profile company, so it accelerates IBM's revenue growth over time; two, to your question, adjusted EBITDA accretive in the first 12 months; and three, levered free cash flow accretive by the end of year 2. We think there are a potential for meaningful synergies overall and, when we look at it, significant near-term operating efficiencies, cost synergies. And to put that in perspective, we see this business profile moving from about a mid-single-digit free cash flow margin business to about a 30% to 40% free cash flow margin business in a handful of years, free cash flow accretive by the end of year 2.  Now the multiple we paid on that, fully supported by, one, the stand-alone revenue growth and the cost synergies that come out. All of the IBM revenue synergies around Red Hat, around data security, around watsonx, around consulting and IT automation are all upside potential.  So let's talk and conclude on the cost synergy. Cost synergies are where you would fully expect. IBM runs a global operations in 175 countries. We run a very disciplined G&A-efficient structure. We see significant G&A operating efficiencies that we're going to go capitalize on. Second, running the playbook on how we expand it globally, our go-to-market model that we did with Red Hat, and that has both global incumbency, global scale, global breadth and ecosystem leverage overall. And when you look at that, those significant synergies allow us to invest in product, R&D, innovation and capability that's built into our case and also deliver our financial returns, so we feel pretty good about it. 
James Kavanaugh: Okay, Toni. Many questions here, let me see if I can get through them quick. You look at full year, full year, as Arvind indicated, we're maintaining our guidance on our model mid-single digit, I think, prudently just coming out of a first quarter. We've got a lot of work to do in the next 3 quarters, but I think prudently, at the low end of that model. By the way, that was very consistent with what we said 90 days ago.  Now let's unpack that. When you take a look at full year, first of all, we are dealing with a stronger U.S. dollar. So we've given you supplemental chart, now we've lost basically about 1 point more of headwind on currency.  Well, let's talk about the underlying fundamentals of our business across our segments because I think that's at the heart of your question. When you take a look at our growth at mid-single digit, one, we said software would grow slightly above the high end of our mid-single-digit model. We are very pleased with our Software performance in the first quarter. We've accelerated growth from fourth quarter to 6% overall. We have a very strong recurring revenue base. We accelerated Red Hat to a very strong 9% with our third consecutive quarter of mid-teen booking growth, which positions our business extremely well for double-digit growth for the full year, and we're getting nice scale and leverage on acquisitions.  Software for the year will deliver over 3 points of that IBM mid-single digit by itself. Based on that Red Hat momentum, acquisitions, solid recurring revenue; TP, by the way, nice start, up 4%; and new innovation like watsonx. Consulting, we said for the full year, appropriately, in light of the market and still gaining share, would be mid-single digits. That will deliver about 1.5 points of growth to IBM. Why did we feel good about that? One, solid book-to-bill, winning in key focus areas, strategic partnerships, Gen AI scale overall. But like first quarter, we're going to continue to monitor that backlog realization to see how that plays out.  But between Software and Consulting, over 3 points in Software, about 1.5 points, now you get to Infrastructure. We started out well above what we expected here in the first quarter. Mainframe, eighth quarter in, grew 5%. Our Distributed Infrastructure, Power and Storage, both grew double digits as we're capitalizing on Distributed Infrastructure and demand requirements for Gen AI. Full year, that's a little bit better than what we thought 90 days ago off our first start, so we expect about a little bit less than 0.5 point impact to IBM. You throw on top of that, we executed the closure of The Weather Company, that would be about 0.5 point. So that's kind of how we build up our full year overall.  So AI book of business, I think you nailed it in your question. It's, one, on a Consulting perspective, it's our signings book of business overall. And on our Software, it's our subscription, our SaaS and perpetual licenses. Again, as you know, we offer clients flexibility on how they want to purchase that overall.  And Consulting backlog, yes, 5% overall. I would tell you, let's put it in perspective, it's probably mid- to high single digits. But we've got, give or take, about a $30 billion book of business on backlog with Consulting. So coming from where we started, less than 9 months ago, I think that's a very good ramp. And let's put it in perspective. When we drove the hybrid cloud platform-centric play with Consulting, which has done extremely well, over the first 4 quarters, we did a $1 billion book of business. Right now, through less than 3 quarters, we're very damn close to that $1 billion book of business. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes, I would just add one other point, Ben. As you and I and many of the investors have talked about since first quarter earnings, we've kind of bifurcated this business when we saw the slowdown happen in second half last year between our subscription-based business within Red Hat versus our consumption-based services and offerings, the former being about 80% of our portfolio, the latter being about 20%.  If you look at first quarter, as Arvind indicated, we're very pleased. Coming off of a 2-plus point acceleration positions us extremely well, even more confident in that double-digit for the year. But the reason why we're even more confident is that 80% of that portfolio, that subscription business, we accelerated 3 points quarter-to-quarter in revenue and we were above double digits.  On the consumption base, we finally saw a stabilization. We didn't see acceleration, we saw stabilization. But remember, we start ramping on that in the second half, so that provides us a tailwind in the second half. But our subscription business today, the 80%, 3 points acceleration, double-digit in the first quarter, all 3 major lines broad-based double-digit bookings; Red Hat OpenShift, over 40% booking strength; $1.3 billion ARR book of business, growing 25-plus percent; Ansible taking share, we feel even more confident as I said. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes. Arvind, just building on your point, we are very confident in the capital structure of this company. We are committed to maintain a very solid investment-grade balance sheet. We are focused on debt leverage, obviously. But our primary capital allocation is to invest in our business, both organically and inorganically, and to maintain an attractive return to shareholder program with our dividend policy. So with all that said, just to reaffirm what Arvind indicated, we will remain in the market prudently evaluating complementary tuck-in opportunities that fit our M&A strategy, and we got the capability of doing that. 
