Arvind Krishna: Wamsi, so thank you for the question. And as you noted, I'm very excited by our progress on AI, and what is going to do for our clients most importantly and then return of course for us as we monetize it. Our monetization is largely going to be through consulting and software and I'll explain that. Infrastructure will benefit, but I would not call that a direct monetization route. So let me start with consulting. If you noticed, I talked about and Jim talked about what we have done with hybrid cloud aka OpenShift in consulting, where we began with this journey in 2019, our book of business was to be precise and to round it out zero. In the first year, we signed about $1 billion of business. And at this point, we have inception to-date signed $9 billion with an annual run rate of $2 billion in consulting. I would tell you and expect that we'll play out AI in a similar way. I hesitate to call it anything else until we get six months or so down the road, in which case then we'll have more knowledge. Now on the software side, we are very, very excited by the initial reaction to the watsonx platform. the number of projects we have going on, the client interest, it really is something which we are very, very pleased by. So what's the model to think of it on? As I think about how OpenShift, which was a Red Hat product came in, in 2019, it grew literally doubled each year for the first four years. And at this point, the revenue is about 10 times of what it was and it came in. And right now we have quantified it at $1.1 billion on our annualized run rate basis. So that gives you a sense of the excitement we have around these projects, these technologies, and what it could do for us as you begin to go forward. Now third and most important, but I don't want to quantify it is the fact that AI will infuse in models every single product we have, whether it's sustainability, whether it's our database products, whether it's our consulting projects, whether it's inside the mainframe of the Telum. But I'm not including those in those first two categories. So with that, let me give it to Jim for the TPs question.
Arvind Krishna: Yes. Thanks, Jim. So Toni, I'll comment quickly on the color on revenue from AI, both in software and consulting. So as I said, in consulting, we are expecting a number of projects to get signed. By the way, as Jim mentioned, some of that is getting baked in. And you're seeing that in the strong signings that we have in consulting in the second quarter with the over 20% growth in signings, and a lot of that was indeed data and AI consulting projects. Ditto in software, I'd just note that we had double-digit growth in the data and AI subsegment of software, and no doubt that some of that is colored by clients doing more around AI with us than they have historically. So we expect to see it. But I do want us to be sort of all in, all in with 2023, including the AI color. We see software at the high end of our model, and we see consulting as in the range that Jim just laid out. So while we are very excited about it and we see a lot of traction on AI, it is included in the estimates that we just gave.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks. Shannon, great questions. So when I look at AI by geography, at one thought of simple level, I would tell you that over the last six months, the interest in AI spans across all markets, all industries. So it is a international phenomenon, not confined to the U.S. Now we've got to dig under it. Then if I look at the maturity of clients to actually have their enterprise ready to embrace AI to be able to interact with their clients, their employees, that does vary. I have to acknowledge it. The North American market is probably the most further ahead on this. I think Western Europe comes second, likely together with some of the more advanced and developed markets in South America. Following that then is Asia and all of what would we call the Global South. Japan has a strong interest, but they tend to be cautious on adopting technology, not necessarily in experimenting. In experimenting, they'll be pretty quick. And then it will go into South Asia, where always, I think technology adoption tends to lag by a year or two behind the West. So that gives you some sense of that. But that said, every government, every enterprise, every CEO, every CIO that I talk to wants to talk about AI, what it can do to their company, what should it be in their country. And all of the questions around sovereignty of models and data and privacy and not depending only on a few international players come into the conversation, and that's why we talk a lot about private models and models that can be left behind with the client, because that is coming up more and more. And so that, I hope, gives you some color on how this is going to play out. Coming to the next part of your question on Apptio. Look, the key drivers of this acquisition are pretty straightforward. When we look at and talk to CIOs, CFOs, CEOs, they're all getting worried about their spend across the hybrid landscape. What do I spend on my first public cloud? What is it on my second? What is it on a SaaS property? What am I spending on my own data centers? So to give people a virtual cockpit that really lets them span across this, not just in terms of the third-party spend, but also the people and the process spend, is something they're all deeply, deeply interested in. And more than a few CEOs I've talked to said it really gives them a handle on what's going on and where the money is being spent. That, I think, is going to play in right away. And you went right to the second value prop. With that spend data coming in across enterprises, the aggregate anonymized across the asset is the $450 billion. Now helping people benchmark, who does this better than you? Who does this process better? Who can do this with fewer total spend on a public or a private resource? It's interesting to people because benchmarks is a great way to guide oneself to better performance. We expect that over time, we'll be able to monetize that into a large language or a foundation model and be able to give people even better predictors or where they can take their spend, too. That's why we are so excited about it. And I think the last part of your question was KPIs. Look, as we look to get Apptio much more international, while our footprint is, I'll call it, maybe two-third, one-third outside the U.S. and in the U.S., they're almost inverse. So as we can put it into our distribution channel, that will be one big expansion as we go over the next year or so. The second one is we believe we have a great chance to also increase the penetration in our larger clients. So those are two big metrics while we continue the success in the growth rate they've had using their own channels.
Arvind Krishna: Erik, so I might sound somewhat repetitive to those of you who have heard me over the past two years on this topic. So if I just sort of maybe just step back and say, taking unusual actions off the table for a moment, we had talked about a total Finflex let's call it, circa $20 billion over a three-year period. That includes the ability to raise additional debt if we so desired. We've been spending circa about $3 billion a year for the last couple. So that tells you what's the capability and the flexibility that we have. You asked about valuations, and I hope my answer that tells you that we are always on the lookout, and I'll get to which categories because you asked that also. On valuations, I wouldn't call it so much that today is restrictive. What I could say is that while some of at least the reports I was reading, we're talking about valuations perhaps coming down in multiples over this year. It doesn't seem that that's the case. They've not gone up in any, kind of, tremendous way, but they have not come down. But the market is what the market is. So if we find properties that meet our criteria, and my criteria are pretty straightforward. Doesn't align with our strategy, and I'll call those areas out in a moment. Doesn't actually give us synergy, meaning can we the combined entity grow faster than the individuals could before, right, just about it in very financial terms. And if it is larger, it has to be accretive. And by larger, I mean it's not a tuck-in, meaning it's not a few hundred million. It's larger than that, then it's got to get accretive, let's say, within two years at the latest. So if it meets those criteria, it's certainly an attractive proposition. The areas we are in, we don't want to open up more strategic lane, so to speak. Our areas are hybrid cloud, data and AI, automation, cyber and those consulting properties, which in turn help these. So that's kind of the lanes we're in. And if I look at the latest one, Apptio, I'd say it kind of hits three out of my four. It hits hybrid cloud because it helps you deploy those. It is a big data and AI property because that's what they use. And it is automation because it takes out human labor cost from many of those processes. So it was actually a very, very good fit. And if any of you have suggestions for similar things, we are all ears, and you can certainly write to me.
Arvind Krishna: So David, let me address the first part of your question on pricing. Look, I'd like to be careful. TP certainly benefited this year, but the biggest part of the benefit has been the mainframe cycle and the capacity and value that our clients see. Yes. Was there a price increase? Given the labor inflation of 2022 and some ongoing in ’23, given the strong dollar, effectively, there was pricing increase, because of those factors, and that got taken well by the market, because of the value they see on that. Would I expect to see similar pricing on TP and then I'll come to other parts of both consulting and software? I doubt, David, that it will be on the same range because, definitely, I think we would all agree, ‘22 had a high inflation. And because our costs go together with the labor and the dollar, I don't think it will be as strong as that, but I would expect maybe moderate increases based on just the pricing in TP. Now consulting has also got both labor and inflation built in. And when we are seeing 6%, 8%, 10% increases in labor cost, it is, I think, appropriate to be able to pass some of that on, albeit with a lag. And you heard Jim talk in his prepared remarks about that, that is some of what is coming through in consulting. If there remains underlying labor inflation, I fully expect to be able to pass that on, again, with a bit of a lag to clients in consulting because, otherwise, that's not a healthy business to go on. I think on the rest of software, except TP, I would expect that as labor inflation is there, those elements do come in effectively on pricing, renewal rates and so on. But I'd also say it's a competitive market, and you have to remain competitively priced to where the others are. So I would say it's in those two: TP, consulting and then in other elements of the portfolio that pricing can play a role. By the way, our renewal rates are a very strong indication that these are portfolios that provide tremendous value to our clients, but we remain competitive on price.
Arvind Krishna: So Keith, let me address the first part of your question. So if I look at it in the short-term, let's just walk through. What does the consulting team actually do? They spend a lot of time upfront with the business side going through business processes, worrying about how to optimize business processes, cutting across silos, coming up with data architectures, which could help the business, helping the business decide how they're going to roll forward. All of that, to be candid, holds even in a world of gen AI, assuming it gets to perfection. Now let's get to the next level. A lot of what our teams do, and it is perhaps unique to us, we tend to work on much more mission-critical systems. We tend to work much more on things which are fundamental to the business around financials, supply chain, cyber resilience and so on. Will gen AI and large language models have an impact? Absolutely. I would tell you that if I look over a five to 10-year horizon, I would agree with you that for that second part of consulting, not the first, I would agree and expect to see a 30% productivity. Now I would tell you that in that time frame, I would believe that for IBM, that's an advantage, not a disadvantage. Why? Absolutely, it's disinflationary. But if we share that with the client, that means we can win more work. And the total labor pool we need to drive an amount of revenue is lower because there is obviously value in the technology that we are using, be it for test automation or code writing. And maybe I can be a little bit boastful. I'll use that word, Keith, and talk about one example that we have. So we wrote a code assistant for Ansible, and it is part of our watsonx family. That code assistant for Ansible can help our Ansible developers, which is used as a -- I think it's the most widely adopted language for IT deployment, gets up to 60% more productive. Now that's one piece of it. IT deployment overall, I would then say, gets probably somewhere between 10% and 30% overall productivity. So that's why I think that 30% number is a good one to keep in mind. But to go across all the environments, KOBOL, Java, icon, AI models, that's going to take a few years before our clients get the full confidence around that topic.
Arvind Krishna: Ben, thank you for the question, and I deeply appreciate your asking it in that form. Look, when we look at -- let me start with our extreme advantage when clients have data that they like to train models on and they absolutely want to preserve the intellectual property in that data, they do not want the learnings, I mean, I can go through three forms. Almost everyone will say, look, we're not going to take our data and give it to anybody in direct form. Okay. Next, how about learnings in the model itself from the data? Do you use that implicitly or explicitly or not at all? Three, the very fact that you're asking a certain kind of question can in turn reveal information. I'll use the word from my college training of site channel information. I'm sure that all of you also understand what that word could imply. So for people who are worried about all that, which we estimate to be at least 30% of the overall AI opportunity. Think about a bank dealing with regulatory compliance. Think about a pharma company dealing with reports to the FDA. Think about a health care company worried about some, kind of, side effect on something. Think about a chemicals company worrying about their proprietary formulations, not just watson, the literature. So as you go through all of these, there are lots and lots of examples where people want to train models. Maybe it's a refinement of a larger known model. So to your point on other models, and I'll come to that. So we found that there's a lot of opportunity, and those are the questions that people are asking us. Then next, a number of people are, critically, they have great models. They're great for big public consumption. They are great because everybody kind of has the same need for productivity. But there is also a world right now from the partners we work with, there's already over 100,000 open source models in addition to the models that we IBM provide. How do you pick from those models? Which one is appropriate? And we have taken a conscious strategy that we are not going to constrain the model that our clients want. So on our consulting teams, we will work with all the models, our own open source and other models so we can help our clients decide on which is the best one for them. Look, 30-years of being here has shown us that trying to help the clients navigate through the extreme complexity of this world is helpful to us, and we can become much better advisers and gain revenue in the process. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we are going to win here and get our fair share of this market. So given that we just passed the top of the hour, let me wrap up the call. We are in a really good position as we enter the second half of the year. Solutions meet today's client needs, new innovation we are bringing to market, and there is momentum and productivity in our underlying operations. As always, we need to execute to capture the opportunity in front of us, and I look forward to sharing our progress with you as we move through the rest of the year.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks, Arvind. And thanks, Wamsi, for the question. We're obviously very pleased with our overall software performance here in the second quarter accelerating to 8% at constant currency and was pretty pervasive, both acceleration in the hybrid platform and solution. And to your question, transaction processing. But you get underneath the performance double-digit in Red Hat, double-digit in Data & AI, and double-digit in our high value transaction processing business overall, which by the way gives us the confidence exiting first-half to raise our guidance and software overall to the high-end of our mid-single-digit model. Now to your question about transaction processing. We constantly talk about on these calls, the value of TP in our business model. It's a value vector 30% of software, the tremendous source of profit and cash that gives us financial flexibility to reinvest for growth overall. It also provides a tremendous incumbency position for our IBM multiplier effect. We entered the year, Arvind and I talked about we saw the inflection shift in TP in ’23. And that was predicated on the successful mainframe programs that we've had over the last two. By the way, the last program were up 2 times our installed MIPS capacity. So we have a much more extended opportunity base to go get those strong renewal rates overall. But we said from a model perspective, we saw the inflection shift versus being down mid-single-digit, which is a tremendous drain on us, we saw low-single-digit growth. Now on top of that, just given the highly inflationary environment, we talked about we were going to get disproportional price in ‘23. Call that, I don't know, 2, 3, 4 points somewhere in that ballpark. So when you look at our first-half performance, our first half were up 8%. By the way, our first-half last year was relatively flat. It's our easier compare. So we have to acknowledge it's easier compare. We're going to enter a different -- more difficult compare in the second-half. But that 8 points of growth overall, I would say, once you normalize for the easier compare, we can grow low-single-digit on a sustainable basis. This year, just given the differentiated price position, we said we'd grow mid-single-digit. We feel very confident exiting first-half.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks, Amit. I'll take this one. We're actually pleased with our consulting performance. You remember you dial back 90-days ago and we saw a real change in buying behavior, particularly in the United States around discretionary project-based activity that slowed down in the month of March and that impacted our backlog -- realization in the quarter. But we've actually posted relatively strong growth, 8% in the first quarter, we had mid-teens, if I remember correctly signings growth. When we look at second quarter, we have not seen any substantive change in client buying behavior at all. So I think that's actually a positive indicator. We didn't see it, permeate across other markets around the world. Clients like us, internally I'm focused every single day, I'm getting productivity cost, quick payback ROI and our clients are looking at that. But on top of that 6% growth here in the second quarter, I think it should be noted, we delivered very strong signings growth that was pervasive both large deal, small deal. So we see continued momentum where client demand is there, where there is a value to clients, overall. And how we differentiated ourselves and I would argue we're gaining share. We grew 24% in signings in the second quarter. And that was driven by areas that you would quite expect around digital transformation, application, modernization, data and technology, AI by the way, grew 50% signings in the first quarter. So to Arvind's opening valley about AI and how we're going to monetize, this is early green shoots on some of these things. So we exited the quarter with about 1.1 book-to-bill, by the way, that's the strongest book-to-bill we've had in quite some time. Now that positions us well for the second half. We got very good strategic partnership velocity, we got very good Red Hat book of business growing strong double-digit. But we're going to continue to monitor this client buying behavior on backlog realization. That's the critical piece. And by the way, our erosion we have not seen any change or inflection shift in erosion. So we're positioned well for the second-half and that gave us confidence in our 6% to 8%, maintaining guidance for the year.
Jim Kavanaugh: Hey, Toni, thank you. I'll take the first two or three or four of your questions and then I think Arvind can talk about the AI piece overall. But when you look at our software margin overall, first of all, we're taking our full-year guidance up on revenue to the high-end of our model. So that's about 1 point raise year-over-year and by the way that's all-in, as we stated in prepared remarks, including how we're very excited about the Apptio acquisition, overall. But that raise in guidance I think is a reflection of the pervasive performance we've seen in the first-half that we feel pretty confident in. We enter let's dial back, we entered the year, we said, mid-single-digit, we were coming off of PKLA, we said, we get 5 to 6 points of growth out of annuity, and we would have about a 1 point headwind on transactional. We had a pretty solid first quarter delivering above our model. We continued and accelerated that in the second quarter. And by the way, it's both transaction processing, hybrid platform and solution overall. So when you look at it, we see one, yes, Apptio, very excited. It's a high-growth company, high recurring revenue, and a highly profitable company. And we expect just given normal customary regulations of closing, we probably assume sometime early fourth quarter. So that's about 0.5 point of that raise. The remaining 0.5 point is going to be solid mid-single-digit growth on TP to my answer to Amit. And then third is we actually exited our first-half with very solid transactional growth, albeit we do understand we're going to wrap in fourth quarter on a very strong ELA cycle. But the first-half, we're seeing very strong clothing upsell that's in the mid-20% year-over-year on those expiring ELAs through the first-half. So I think it's all three pieces overall. I think, I covered both the revenue piece on the margin, Toni. That is really just the dilution effect in the first quarter of Apptio. So we called about 200 basis points for the year. Now we're putting Apptio in. We're somewhere between 150 basis points and 200 basis points. But I'll remind you, we expect a very quick accretive business as we go forward just given their profitable overall. So I'll turn it over to Arvind on the AI.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. I mean our strategy overall has always been around pricing for value, right? But, David, just to put it in perspective, last year, we all dealt with a very -- and we're still dealing with a very highly inflationary environment that was somewhere anywhere, what, 3, 4, 5 points above history overall. That's kind of what we've been talking about is a disproportional price in ‘23. You're not going to get that every single year, to Arvind’s point, but I've always said pricing optimization is a direct correlation to the value and differentiation you offer to clients. You got to bring value to clients, or they're not going to accept the pricing. And we've been seeing good take-up with our mission-critical transaction processing. Arvind talked about the human capital-based business, the consulting, et cetera. But just quickly to wrap on your second question, David. We said entering the year, remember, we came off of December, where we had a shortfall leaving much more on the balance sheet and collected in working capital. Working capital for the year is probably somewhere around $400 million to $500 million, like you said, and that's a tailwind coming off of last year. The remaining piece of the $1.2 billion of free cash flow growth year-over-year is the fundamental improvement in the operating discipline of our revenue and operating margin and cash from profit.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Keith, thanks for the question. On mainframe overall, pretty pleased given where we're at, GA plus four quarters in. So we wrapped on last year. Remember, we talked a lot last year. We came out with, unlike the prior programs. We came out with a second quarter launch in a highly seasonal transactional quarter, and we grew 77% last year overall, and we wrapped on that this year. I think we printed down 30% here in the second quarter. But a two-year CGR, so far, our five quarters in its most successful program and mainframe that we've had. Now why is it important? Yes, definitely, the value we deliver to clients, whether it's embedded AI, it's scale, cyber resilient security, cloud native development, but it's important internally to us, because it's a platform that drives a multiplier effect, to your question, around transaction processing. And we've been talking about this 2 times installed MIPS shift -- MIPS capacity over the last program. That was actually the z15 program over z14 because we're only 5 quarters into z16. But if you fast forward right now into z16, five quarters in, we're 120% to 130% up on an installed MIPS capacity already. And you know the tail of that usually happens in the outer path of the next three or four quarters before we come out with the new one. So we feel pretty good, and that's why we had the confidence entering this year, Arvind, and I, to take up the transaction processing model to actually low single-digit growth from being down mid-singles. So we see that continuing. Thanks for your question.
