Mark Loughridge: Yes, great question, Toni. I think this is an indication, from our perspective, of the momentum that we're building as we enter 2011. So let me -- per your question, let's walk down it by element. If you look at the first quarter of 2011, I expect that as we've studied it, it will be very similar in nature to our fourth quarter. In other words, really driven by the Hardware and Software transactional elements of our business. So as we go from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, once again, we expect to see a double-digit revenue growth out of both the Hardware and Software sides of our business. And on the Services side of the business, with the increase that we saw in our backlog, again up $4 billion year-to-year, up $7 billion quarter-to-quarter, and we move into the first quarter, we would expect to see an improvement in our revenue growth rate in the first compared to the fourth and have that extend through the year now at a modest rate, because it's driven more by backlog than just the more volatile elements of signings. And with the margin performance that we expect based on the actions we're taking, we would expect to have kind of mid-single digit growth in our Services business profitability. So if you look at that, I would interpret that as kind of an extension of the momentum that we see. If you look at the Hardware content in a little more detail, we had just a great start to the zSeries rollout. And as we look at the opportunity on both the Hardware side, whether that be that z content, p content, X series, we see momentum going into the first, as we do on our Software side. So everything we look at looks like a characterization that's more similar. Now the one element I'll point out, in the fourth quarter of the year, those Hardware and Software transactional businesses are about 50% of the business, and the annuity content is about 50%. When we go into the first quarter, just given the seasonality of those individual businesses, it's really characterized more by like 60% on the Services side and 40% on the Hardware and Software side. But we anticipate that this is an indication of momentum going into 2011.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Let me first talk about the distribution through 2011. On the operating growth rate of 11%, I'd reiterate that 11%, it puts us right on that plumb line that you might draw from 2010 to our 2015 objective of about $20. But around that, given the momentum that we're entering like our strong product set and opportunity set, I would expect the first half of the year to be a point or two stronger than that. And with that, the back half of the year could be a point or two points less than that. By the fourth quarter of next year, we'll be wrapping around on this very powerful fourth quarter that we had this year. Now remember that, that 11% is our at-least number. So it's an implication of what we see in the distribution of at least. So I think that's a fair reflection. Now if you look at the structure of our GAAP versus non-GAAP content that we would call our operating view of the business, really, that was intended. And I think it's very appropriate to show how our operating units are performing without being distracted by the noncash, non-operational elements, either in our pension content or in acquisitions. So I wouldn't say it makes it easier to do acquisitions, but I do think it gives a better operational indication of performance of the business and a better way to gauge and measure our performance on our way to 2015.
Mark Loughridge: Well, if you look at the Services content, as we have pointed out before, no, they're not evenly distributed through a year, right? So it can be kind of more volatile. Some would say, from some perspective, a little less predictable. That's why we did the analysis, Katy, within our announcement today, and we did the analysis on the relative stability of backlog compared to signings. Now that said, I thought we did have a terrific, just a terrific quarter on signings, I mean, $22 billion, up 18%; outsourcing, up 24%; our transactional business up 8% behind that. I'm telling you, we had really strong performance against expanding opportunities in the growth markets. I mean, our signings and growth markets were up more than 250%. I mean, imagine that, big contracts like the Bharti contract in Africa rolling out. So I do think we have a strong opportunity set going forward. We're excited about that opportunity content. But if you look at the drivers behind performance, especially in the Outsourcing side, I would be looking at the dynamics behind backlog more than I would necessarily signings.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, let's talk a little bit about -- first of all, no question about it, we had a great, great quarter on our System z rollout. It's just really, really powerful across the board, but let's talk about System p. So first of all, for all of system technology and for p individually, we're talking about three points of share gain. So that's very strong share performance for the group as a whole and for pSeries individually. But I'd take it at the components of p to better understand how we view the dynamics. So on our new entry p, I mean, we were up 30% in the quarter, and even at 30%, we were sold out on a number of models. So p, at our entry kind of had very, very strong reception in the marketplace. Our mid-range was up 70%. Now that's the third quarter that we have had really strong growth in the mid-range content that we introduced at the beginning of the year. Our high-end content, and this high end is one of the -- is the biggest UNIX server in the industry. It does have a longer sell cycle behind it. But if you look at the quarter-to-quarter dynamics, I mean, we did 3x the high-end content in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of the year. So we think with that, we have a lot of momentum on all three elements: the entry content, the mid-range and now the high end. I'd also remind you that as we looked at the competitive displacements, for the year, we had $1 billion of competitive displacements across the platforms, and within that, about 10% was X86. So we didn't just take displacements away from competition in the UNIX space, we also took away from them in the X86 space. So I think p had a very nice quarter, and again, I think it has a lot of momentum as we go into the first quarter of '11.
Mark Loughridge: Well, first of all, going into 2011, I want to highlight that we start the year -- again, we started the year with a very strong backlog of business, up $4 billion year-to-year. And that $4 billion puts us in a good starting point as we go in the year. Secondly, if you look at the outsourcing content, the analysis we did, we showed you for the first time, analysis on that first year rollout behind the backlog, and you could see in that rollout on the outsourcing content that was up about 3%. And that accounts for about 85% of the revenue in the Outsourcing business, so a strong statement there as well. And then the last thing I would reiterate, we had really, really strong signings performance again in the growth markets, which I think is an indication of how that opportunity set is opening for us. And the best example, I think, really is the Bharti contract we have in Africa.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, if you look at the Software side of the business, again, adjusted for the divested PLM content, WebSphere was up 34%, very, very strong performance there. Information Management was up 12%, as well as Rational, Tivoli up 14%. So across the Key Branded Middleware, very strong performance. But I think one of the aspects that I would draw your attention to are really the cross business unit big initiatives that we're driving for growth. And we covered this at our Analyst Meeting in May, like Business Analytics, growth markets, Smarter Planet and cloud. Those are initiatives that cut across the businesses with services content, software content, hardware content, that they had big implications to the performance in our Software business. So as an example, Business Analytics was up 19%. Our growth market's up 13%. Smarter Planet -- I mean, we did up $3 billion in Smarter Planet, up double digits. Cloud, we had thousands of engagements, and it should be doubling as we go through 2015, emphasizing our focus on the enterprise and security of the data set within that enterprise. So I think it's not just a story of how the Key Branded Middleware elements perform, it's also how those key growth initiatives that cut across the businesses performed as well, and we had a very strong fourth there.
Mark Loughridge: Well, we generally don't give revenue guidance, and I think that's a function of how we built the longer-term models. If you look at the longer-term model, it's a combination of our emphasis on revenue, in our investments, on our key growth initiatives. It's our margin expansion as we mix to higher-margin elements of the portfolio and drive efficiencies in running our business. It's how we utilize capital for share repurchase. So I don't think one element, such as revenue, tells the story as effectively as it does if you stick to the roadmap content in EPS. So if you look at the roadmap, I think we had a strong performance in the fourth quarter relative to that, 7% revenue growth, a couple of points stronger than the model objective of about 5%. We had good margin expansion in the year, both net and PTI, up 8/10 point and good share repurchase. So going into the first quarter, however, I go back to the comments that I'd made by business unit. So going into the first, we see double-digit revenue performance across the Hardware and Software content and an improving vector on revenue growth for our Services business, albeit at a modest slope, as we go through the year, taking into consideration that, that mix between Services and the Hardware-Software transaction was more like a 60-40 mix than 50-50 in the fourth quarter. But all of those indicate momentum, in my opinion.
Mark Loughridge: Well, rather than describe this in terms of IT spend in the industry, I would look at it more on the performance that we had in our own business unit now, and that kind of has a number of elements. First of all, in the fourth, I thought the major markets did a great job and showed the results of the investments that we've made and more stability in the economic environment, but it isn't just the economic environment. You've got to really point to the performance of those individual businesses. So the U.S. was up 10%. France was up 17%. We had good growth in Italy. We had good growth in Spain. So the major markets had real performance in the fourth quarter that we're encouraged by as we entered 2011. As well, growth markets up 13% maintained that eight-point differential to the major markets. As I had said earlier, we had signings greater than 250%. The BRIC countries were up 17%. China was up 25%, so real momentum that we think is ongoing in the growth markets as well.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, I think, first of all, I do think that integrated play is a very strong play. And if you look at the industry, nobody has that hardware, software, services complement the way we do. Now you may see a lot of businesses putting together strategies along that perspective or describing that future state in that perspective, but if you just look at who's doing it right now, it's really IBM with that hardware, software, services complement. And you don't build that overnight. We've been working on this for decades. Secondly, I think it's really the strength of those cross-business unit growth initiatives, and I would return to make the point that in Business Analytics, that cuts across our businesses: growth at 19%; growth markets, 13%; our Smarter Planet content, we did $3 billion, up double digit; cloud, again, with thousands of engagements, doubling to 2015. So one, nobody has that complement of hardware, software and services the way we do. Number two, it takes a long time to build that. We've been at this for decades. And three, we have very strong growth initiatives that could cut across those businesses, consistent with our strategy.
Mark Loughridge: Yes. If you look at acquisitions, we kind of gave a framework for how we look at acquisition performance over the lifespan. And within that, we're very, very focused on the acceleration of both their revenue growth and also their ability to be accretive to IBM by that second year. So when you look at the deal review meetings that we run, generally on a weekly basis, I would look at it and say the internal rate return of the deal and the payback of the deal are table stakes. If you don't have those, don't even show up at the meeting, because these are financial transactions for us. We don't do "strategic transactions" that don't meet our financial objectives. But the real meat of the decision process is the due diligence and that integration plan to accelerate in those first two years. And it's against those objectives that I think we've been really pretty successful.
Mark Loughridge: Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us. Let me just make a few comments to wrap up the call.  We just delivered a great quarter to cap off a great year. Our revenue growth of 7% was the best of the decade, driven by our Hardware and Software transaction businesses. We expanded margins and delivered 16% growth in earnings per share. We grew free cash flow $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter and generated over $16 billion for the year.  So now we've finished our 2010 roadmap. We exceeded the high end of the objective by more than $0.50 despite the headwinds created by the recession. As you look at 2011, we're entering with a lot going for us: a great hardware lineup; strong momentum in Software; backlog growth in Services; momentum in the growth markets; an ongoing productivity initiatives; and a rock-solid balance sheet. So this supports our expectation of at least $13 of operating EPS for the year. That's 11% TGR and puts us right on track to deliver at least $20 in 2015.  So thanks for joining us, and now as always, it's back to work.
