Arvind Krishna: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining today, and I’m pleased to be speaking with the investment community again. Over the next 15 minutes, I’ll talk about where we stand in the execution of our strategy as we begin 2021, and how we are running the company to align with the strategy. I’ll provide a perspective on the current environment and our results. Then, in the spirit of being as transparent with you as possible, I will speak to our expectations for the next two years. Jim Kavanaugh will then cover the quarter, give more detail on the separation process for our Managed Infrastructure Services business. I’ve also asked Martin Schroeter to join us to make a few comments as the recently named CEO of this business. Jim will conclude with additional color on our 2021 expectations, and then Jim and I will take your questions. I’d ask you to please bear with us if we go slightly longer than usual on this call. When I was appointed CEO in April, I laid out my approach to growing the value of the company, which is straightforward. We will significantly increase our focus on our hybrid cloud and AI capabilities, the two most important transformational journeys for our clients. In the nine months since then, we have taken a series of important actions to redefine our future as a hybrid cloud platform and AI company. This is where we are focusing the bulk of our efforts, time and investments. In spite of the many challenges in 2020, we have made good progress. In 2021, we believe you will see that progress showing up in our results. With that said, we know it’s not necessarily going to be a straight line. The operating environment remains difficult because of what clients are experiencing at the moment. We can see that in the quarter just passed. Our revenue was slightly behind typical seasonality, but we finished strong in free cash flow, which is important, as it’s the fuel for investments.
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Hi, Amit. So in terms of the client feedback, we have talked about that we're going to do a lot of high-touch treatment of all these clients. These are really important clients for us. As both Jim and Martin said, they are our most important clients in very important industries for the overall economy. As we have talked to all of the clients, we have by and large gotten very positive feedback. Over 98% of them are quite satisfied with our description of what'll happen, both in terms of their contracts, the service they'll get from us and the assured guarantee of access to technical resources, both from the new company and from IBM over time. As that plays through, we see that. As Jim mentioned, and he touched on it very briefly. We do measure how our clients think about, so we call it Net Promoter Score measurement, and we are seeing that those have gone up, not down. So we feel comfortable that the clients will go through it. Now, all that said, maybe a few clients are going to pause on certain project elements given their own business. And so in that – in the GTS business, bonds are allowed to dial volumes up a little bit or down a little bit based on their own performance that is built into these contracts. So given let’s say what's happening in the overall economy, you see some of that play through in both directions. And that is the large cause of that. The other side of it, which is the new logos, gives us confidence that the performance should be at an improving trajectory going into 2021.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Jim. And Toni, I'll address some of the software pieces, but you asked the question about the mid single digit growth in 2022. So Toni, let me try and just deconstruct it a little bit. Red Hat continues to have very strong performance, mid to maybe high teens growth and as it gets bigger and bigger that's a bigger contributor to the total. Second GBS is going to return to pre-pandemic levels by mid-year and we actually expect it to accelerate from there, so into 2022 we'll see better growth from there. In systems, as you know, we are not going to see the product cycle dynamics as headwinds but as tailwinds going into 2022, albeit the absolute numbers are not as you see that big, our ecosystem investments that we're making. They benefit both GBS and software. And by ecosystem, I mean, both small and big partners that we work with were pulling both services and software. So when we see, for example, Salesforce or Adobe or ServiceNow, or Workday, they all tend to pull a lot of our services work. We also partner by the way with the other hyperscaling clouds, both Microsoft and Amazon, and that tends to pull a lot of GBS work. On the other side, we are also partnering with a lot of smaller software vendors and they tend to pull a lot of our software along with it. So that is there. Now you asked about the inorganic and organic. I'll call it the business as usual in organic is included in my mid single digit assessment. So by business as usual, it's just what we do. You've seen us do this for the last three quarters now, the deals like that would be included and that, for example, we did Instana and StackRox and software. Now, we did five others in services. They're not very large, but they do tend to pull the overall business. That is what gives me confidence that as we get through all of this, we got a one, two, three growth vectors, and one kind of flat vector going into 2022. And that is what gives us confidence about the overall growth going there.
Arvind Krishna: Hi, David. Look this is something I'm deeply, deeply passionate about. So I'm happy to talk about this. Look every model has its time and then it's time to evolve. We are evolving in reaction to client needs, and we’d sort of operate it which I would call it a more homogeneous model that kind of went across all our segments, all our clients for a long time. So what are we doing? There is a set of clients who do tend to buy I'll call it a lot of IBM. Let's call them they need the integrated value of IBM. We’re calling that the first segment. So in this first segment, we are also going to make extra investments and then being able to experience IBM technically, so we are using the term garages. We'd have people who go in there and work side-by-side with the client, while virtually right now. As well as being able to have a lot of focus on deployment and we'll pay the people on deployment, not on selling. So this first segment is going to have that attention with extra testing. So they should see a lot of positive. And we expect to see growth coming out of our garages and our deployment managers. Then there is a segment which is largely going to be channel ready. So there we do get, as Jim talked about operational leverage, we don't need the other people. The channel is quite capable, but rather put more money into the channel and work with them to go after that. That's the other end of the spectrum. Then there is a set of clients, let's call it between these two spectrums. They tend to buy mostly from one or two parts of IBM. So they deeply value the specialists, but they don't need the generalists who were covering them. So we are going to take that money and as I said pour it into more specialists who can then cover those clients. So there is a first segment which does have a integrated value. There is a, the top half of the second segment which is going to be much more specialists, you can think of them as being technology-led sales by and large. And then there is going to be a large part, which is ecosystem-led, where the system integrators, resellers, distributors, et cetera. We believe that this simplicity is going to drive a lot more outcome for us and for our clients. And by the way, we are also going to ensure that this is the structure that all parts of IBM have. So it's not that different parts of IBM, but how slightly different clients segmentations. It's completely consistent across all. This we believe unlocks a few points of revenue growth. So you said impactful, I expect that this will unlock a few points of revenue growth albeit let me acknowledge that it probably takes six months to flow through the system.
Arvind Krishna: Yes, thanks Pat. So we got a lot today. So let me just make a couple of really quick comments to wrap this up. We are confident in our strategy with digging the actions that will accelerate this change. We expect to grow in 2021 with an improving project creep through the year. And with all of that, we will look different at the end of 2021 than we do today. I look forward to continuing this dialogue with you. Thank you everyone.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks Martin. Now, before the Q&A, I want to bring it back up to the IBM level with a summary of the actions we are taking, and the resulting expectations for 2021. These actions span our portfolio, our operating model and our capital structure. After building a foundation in hybrid cloud, and accelerating Red Hat platform adoption, we are now separating Managed Infrastructure Services to better align to our platform strategy and improve the financial profile of both businesses. At the same time, we are increasing investments: organic and inorganic, in innovation, expertise and ecosystems. We're investing in platform capabilities, including security and industry-specific clouds. We're investing in data and AI, and in technologies like quantum to create future market opportunities. As we bring these innovations to market, we're adding GBS skills and expertise. We're making changes to our go-to-market to engage our clients in a more technical and experiential way. And we're expanding our ecosystem to drive platform adoption and broaden our reach. And in the fourth quarter we executed structural actions to simplify and streamline our business. These actions will improve the EBITDA profile of NewCo, address stranded costs from the separation and generate savings that will be reinvested to extend our position in hybrid cloud and AI, and accelerate our growth. We have also taken actions to enhance our balance sheet and liquidity, resulting in a stronger financial position. We have focused our captive financing business on IBM's hybrid cloud and AI offerings. We've exited OEM Commercial Financing and have entered into an agreement to sell our IBM Commercial Financing receivables. As a result, our financing receivables have declined from $32 billion to $18 billion over the last two years, reducing our external debt needs. Looking at our retirement-related plans, as you know we have shifted our asset base to a lower-risk, lower-return profile. At the end of the year, our plans remain well funded. Our overall returns in 2020 were well ahead of expected returns and the funded status of our worldwide qualified plans was consistent with last year. Bringing it all together, we feel good about the path we're on moving into 2021, and as Arvind said, we expect an improving financial profile throughout the year. For the full-year, we expect to grow revenue at current spot rates. In the first half, we expect our results to continue to be impacted by the shift to shorter duration software transactions as clients deal with uncertainty, and by our IBM Z product cycle dynamics. At the same time, we expect GBS to return to pre-pandemic revenue growth rates by mid-year. As I mentioned, we weren't able to execute the structural actions in all countries in the fourth quarter. We anticipate the restrictions will be lifted over the next several months and are planning to execute the remaining structural actions in the first half of 2021, which will result in $260 million of pre-tax charges. Looking at our cash flows, we expect $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow in 2021. This reflects a year-to-year cash tax headwind of about $1 billion. But to be clear, this adjusted free cash flow does not include the cash impact of the structural actions or the transaction costs associated with the spin-off of our Managed Infrastructure Services business. For perspective, at this point we expect to pay about $4 billion for these items over the next 18 months, with about $3 billion in 2021. As we look to 2022, we expect to build on this, with adjusted free cash flow in the range of $12 billion to $13 billion. I also want to comment on our balance sheet as we enter 2021. We're in a strong liquidity position with over $14 billion of cash on hand. Our plan is to continue to de-leverage and we expect debt reduction throughout the year aligned with our scheduled maturities, so we'll have further progress in reducing debt since our peak debt balance when we financed the Red Hat acquisition in mid-2019. This, together with the actions to focus our financing business, give us confidence in operating at a single A credit rating, while we continue to de-lever. In sum, we expect to continue our progress as a leading hybrid cloud and AI company in 2021, with an improving financial profile. So, with that, let's go to Q&A. I'll turn it back over to Patricia.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. Thanks, Arvind, and thanks, Wamsi, for the question. Very important as many of our investors have been asking us about the free cash flow generation profile of this company, why? It's because it's going to be the engine to fuel the investments for that growth that we committed here in 2021. But let me take a step back because I think it's important to understand coming off of a strong finish on free cash flow in 2020, delivering $10.8 billion, a 143% free cash flow realization. First, how does that bridge go to 2021 at $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow? And then I think you'll see how we then continue to accelerate that to $12 billion to $13 billion overall. So as we said in the prepared remarks, first, revenue growth, which is going to be essential here. Second, and I think you've seen this over the last couple of years, we have driven the productivity and operating leverage out of this business with our gross margin expansions, I think, now for about eight to 10 quarters in a row. So not only are we going to now turn around to revenue growth, we're going to get operating leverage, and that's going to deliver a significant amount of operating profit, a contribution to free cash flow, coupled with Red Hat being accretive net of interest expense already as we achieved our accretion in the third quarter. Now what's happening from 2020 to 2021? We're going to get substantial operating profit, but we've got a big cash tax headwind in 2021. So while you see a nice growth from $10.8 billion to $11 billion to $12 billion, we're already overcompensating for $1 billion roughly of cash tax headwind. Now, when you get to 2022, we're going to get that same level of operating profit contribution that has good leverage, but we have a much more de minimis cash tax headwind in 2022, which makes us very confident in our ability to give guidance at those levels for the next two years.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks, Arvind, and thanks, Amit, for the question. Just to put it in perspective, GTS $6.6 billion here in the quarter, to your point down, what, 5.5% at actual, down 7.5% give or take at constant currency. It was though, up 2% quarter-to-quarter. So we saw nice seasonality and by the way, pretty consistent with what our normal 3Q to 4Q would be in GTS. Now, with that said, in addition to what Arvind had talked about, which is what we've been dealing with for the last four quarters or so given the external economic environment with lower client-based business volumes, we actually took, as I said in my prepared remarks, we took proactive actions to restructure some of our contracts to optimize our managed infrastructure services business to get ready for the spin, which is what your second question is? As we talked about on October 8, we are going to create value through focus in both IBM and in NewCo. And in NewCo, the focus is on getting the fundamentals of this business in terms of value that's margin, profit and cash. And with these actions, we will improve on the financial profile as we prepare for the spin-off, leading to again, an improved EBITDA profile approaching double-digits, post spin, a solid balance sheet targeting investment-grade rating, and a strong free cash flow yield and dividend yield that should be attractive to a financial value-based investor overall. Now, with regards to your second question on the Form 10, I think I addressed that in the prepared remarks, a lot of work being done. The complexity of this as we learn each and every day. Arvind talked about the client transition, and we're very pleased with where that's going with our new logo signings and very strong renewal rates. But if you think about the legal regulatory financial, the carve-out work right now, I think, we're well on track to achieve what we set on October 8, which is the end of the year and you should see the Form 10 sometime in the fall period.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Toni, thank you very much. Arvind, I'll address the frontend piece and then you could talk about the second part of Toni's question overall, Toni, you are correct with regards to the last two to three years when you look at the sequential normal seasonality of our business topline, it's in the neighborhood of $3.3 billion, $3.4 billion. But I think you know quite well and many of our investors know quite well that sequential trajectory has been distorted by a couple of things. One, the Red Hat deferred revenue and acquisition, and two a major mainframe product cycle as you know, which is why 90 days ago I think when you asked the question to me, I answered it on a five-year CGR and I was very specific and that that average is about $3 billion. Now with that said, we delivered to your point $2.8 billion. And I think we've been open and transparent that we fell short against that expectation and we fell short specifically in software. If you look at the balance of our portfolio, which is the remaining 65% of the revenue profile of the business, we were pretty much well within and some slightly above given our strong mainframe finish to the year end. And that software shortfall, as we talked about, was a combination of the confluence of the wrap on the peak ELAs from last year. You, I think, all understand our ELA cycle, which has tremendous value to our clients and tremendous value to our financial equation. On average, those are about three year cycles. We had the peak cycle in 4Q 2019. We grew software revenue 10% off of that. And underpinning that to transactional volume in that software was up close to 30% overall. So we were in a trough year. We knew fourth quarter was going to be the most challenging quarter all year long and we've been talking about that. Now, it's really the confluence of one that peak cycle wrap which we knew about because our volumes came in pretty much what we expected. But what you're seeing to the second part of your question is yes. Is there shifts that are moving to the cloud? Yes. And by the way, I think, we're capitalizing on that. We've got $25 billion cloud-based business, that's growing 20%, and we've got continued acceleration in our hybrid cloud platform with very good performance in Red Hat, which we could talk about later. But the confluence of what happened to software is really given the uncertainty in the environment, clients are reluctant to commit long-term duration of deals. And that really hurt our, what you would call an AUR or a deal value size. Now, there's some positives to that, which I'm sure Arvind will get into. Number one, we've got shorter term durations now. So we have a much higher ELA pool in 2021. Number two, we had a very strong in fact record renewal rates, which led to a record deferred income balance, $17.1 billion overall and even stripping out Red Hat, we had the strongest quarter-to-quarter deferred income and renewal rate in our core software organic business that we've seen in 10 years. I think that's a great instantiation of our clients committing to the value of our software portfolio overall. So with that, let me turn it over to Arvind. You can dress the second piece.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay. And Katy, let's talk a little bit about the revenue profile. I think Arvind just answered the two metrics. And by the way, I could tell you we flipped the whole operational management system. Arvind spent a lot of time about the operating model changes, the actions he has taken on how we drive signposts, milestones to deliver on those two fundamental objectives, which by the way, after the third quarter Arvind and I did an extensive outreach to many of our investors and we got unanimous feedback on what those two measures should be, which is sustainability of revenue and operating free cash flow to fuel the investment overall. But let's talk about revenue. So, we talked about growth at current spot rates. You see in the supplemental charts; you see where the U.S. dollar has weakened. Right now, at current spot rates, we expect a full year, somewhere around two points of a tailwind overall. Pretty unique position on where we've been for the last 10 years. But underneath that we did say that we expect the fundamentals of the business trajectory across our segments to improve first half to second half. And that is going to be important because to an earlier question, that acceleration has to position us for an exit velocity to get into 2022, around having a credible path for mid-single digit growth, which is what our objective is. I would tell you overall, we expect IBM RemainCo to grow both at actual rates and at constant currency. So that trajectory overall should give you a perspective right off the bat about where we should end go forward. NewCo, given where we ended in our backlog, we see improving trends, but not getting back to growth, because again, as I said earlier, we are focused on the fundamentals of that business, margin, profit, cash, and the strong EBITDA profile to set it up with an investment grade balance sheet to absorb and deliver a free cashflow yield and dividend yield overall. Underneath that you can imagine our two growth engines, Arvind talked about, software and GBS. And by the way, both of them we see growth accelerating throughout the year, software being driven by strong Red Hat. Red Hat, as we talked about, we exited over $5 billion of backlog. $2.8 billion of deferred revenue we already replenished more than what we acquired pre acquisition. And by the way, that backlog of $5 billion has grown mid-20s. So, the acceleration coming off the trough and third quarter up 16%, we just posted plus 17% that should continue to accelerate as we move through. And then GBS, we exited, our backlog is up. Our signings of small deals were up nicely and accelerated from 3Q to 4Q, we got acquisitions we're going to continue to scale, our book-to-bill exiting, fourth quarter was 1.3, the strongest it's been in a long period of time. And we've got a nice backlog revenue run out in 2021 that shows that acceleration, which gives us confidence that we can get back to pre-pandemic rope as early as the mid-year.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks Matt. I'll take this one. To your question application management services overall is an integral part of our overall hybrid cloud platform thesis. As Arvind talked about already and we shared even the prepared chart, that platform has an economic equation that has a multiplier effect. And we talked about what for every dollar a platform, we get $3 to $5 of software, we get $6 to $8 of services, both IBM and even as we scale with our ecosystem partnerships that we've accelerated over the last six months, they get into that return also. Well, let's talk about AMS. We've been speaking about this for the last few quarters. There definitely is a secular shift. We know it, a shift from on-prem enterprise application component, clients are prioritizing stability of applications in this environment, and we all know the reduced and discretionary spend components. But there's a flip side to that shift that's happening overall. And that's exactly where you went, which clients are accelerating their transformation and journey to the cloud. And we participate in there, you look at GBS’ cloud business. We exited the year with almost a $6 billion book of business accelerating throughout the year. We finished the year up double digits overall up 11%. And AMS underneath that is up almost 10%. So, a very big component of that is it's essential from a cloud transformation services as part of that hybrid cloud platform. Underneath that what's driving it is application modernization work. That's where we participate in the full spectrum from advice, to build, to move and to manage. The front end of that advice and build is predominantly a consulting-based play. Consulting is up nicely and our backlog 17%. But as that journey continues, we'll start seeing AMS come back. And just a few data points for you. Number one, with that secular shift to the cloud, we are capitalizing, as I said, AMS up 8% in our total cloud book of business, we return AMS back in total to signings growth in the quarter. Our backlog improved five points quarter-to-quarter. And to the heart of your question, 80% of our Red Hat and Cloud Pak placements, are AMS incumbency enterprise clients. So, it has tremendous value in leveraging that overall, which is why we think is essential to have a differentiated value proposition for our hybrid cloud platform.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, I would just add to that Tien-tsin. Thank you for the question. Again, as Aravind talked, this is a mindset change on how we want to operate the company. We've defined the strategy all in focused, aligned our portfolio, aligned our operating model. Now it's about growth and it's about driving that operating free cash flow, which is going to fuel that investment. So around that, we talked about that trajectory overall. First of all, I should have mentioned – I mean as you can see in the supplemental chart, although we said revenue growth at current spot rates, you see that that's predominantly a first half discussion. It's about three to four points of tailwind in the first half and that dissipates quickly in the second half overall, which is why the fundamentals of the underlying business by segment will have to improve. And we expected them to improve as we move through the year. The other thing I will tell you underpinning, it's a fair question. As I stated, I think we've built the credibility over the last few years that we know how to drive operating leverage within this business. So you can expect, we grew our gross margins this year, I think about 130 basis points, 70 basis points in the fourth quarter, you can expect that we're going to continue to drive operating leverage in this business, and we'll have margin expansion in 2021. And second, the other variable that you always ask me and we talk about, and we try to be very transparent underneath it is our tax rate. And while we operate in 100 plus countries around the world, the geographic product mix can impact that dramatically tax structures, audits, et cetera, can change it. From our perspective, we finished fourth quarter at what I think 10.4% from an operating tax rate, pretty consistent by the way of third quarter and pretty consistent last year. And just given what I said earlier, one on the booked tax rate, we're going to have a headwind on cash taxes. I would expect our tax rates to go up a few points from that 10.4%. So it gives you a little bit more color underneath the revenue profile, the operating leverage and tax. And again, we're just trying to change your mindset here.
