Martin Schroeter: Okay. Well, I think I got them all, Toni. So, we'll do the clarifications first and we won't count that as a multi-part question, we'll count that as a multi-part clarification, and then we'll talk about free cash flow. So couple of things on IP and this is actually a really important point I think Toni, our IP income, our IP income has been flat to down over the last say three, four, five years and we've been thinking about how do we continue to drive IP income? If you look back, and I'm sure you have all the data as well. If you back 15 years ago, we had as much as a $1.07 billion of IP income, now a lot of that was driven from the fact that we developed really good semiconductor manufacturers and really good semiconductor manufacturer processing technology and our ability to license that technology drove a lot of income. We have been thinking about how do we reinvigorate if you will the IP income business and part of it is what you'll see now as we're realizing some of these. So, the clarification that you asked about, is it about 340 million year to year? Yes, that's right. That's about 340 million year to year. But more importantly, we are going to continue to drive IP income. Now, we got a good third quarter on a year to-date basis where about 1.01 billion, so we're kind of flat. I don't think that we have enough to set a new annual record when we look back at the $1.7 billion that we printed 15 years ago or so, but it is certainly a focus, and keep in mind I think that these are relationships, they are long term relationships, right. So, they are not all public as some of our partners don't want to talk about what they are doing. Those that our public, though their multi, multi year relationship where they can drive now some of the value that they see, they can capture within the marketplace. We again, we license it to them, we don't sell it to them, so we have an interest going forward as well and can get some of the upside here. So this is a really -- it’s a terrific model, it's got a lot of legs. We see an opportunity for this over the next few years to continue doing this. So, I think that handles your clarification on tax. There are two points, your notes were right, two points were from the discrete piece of its. And then we are -- our view of the year now, because of the mix of our business has an operating ongoing effective rate of 18 plus or minus, which is where we were at the beginning of the year. So, it's really a kind of a view of where the mix of our businesses looks for the rest of this year. On free cash flow your question, we have been running at a realization which is above our model. Now keep in mind we got – we won a tax case earlier in the year and that means we got our money back, right. So that was a pretty substantial inflow. But we also had some pretty substantial outflows in terms of our workforce rebalancing payments and things through the year. So, as we said in our guidance, we would expect to finish at the high of the guidance. We said that already 180 days ago. We still feel confident about our ability to generate cash. As we start to look at next year, we don't see anything that fundamentally changes our realization from where we are in our model, so our model as you know is in the 90, so somewhere between 90% and 100% realization, and we don't see anything, knowing again everything we have now, everything we have now year to-date plus what's coming in the fourth, we don't see anything that would say our free cash flow realization is going to change. And so, when we get through now the fourth and we see where we are for 2017 and 90 days then we'll talk more about the absolutes, but we don't see anything in the realization that's going to drive our realization to be anything other than again 90% to 100% for next year.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. So, I'll address actually the second one first, Katy, so when we talked about first half to second half and we laid out where saw the business in the second half, one of those elements we had on that chart last quarter was the idea of software mix and as-a-service -- software mix and as-a-service margins and it would go – it would turn into a modest positive. And I would say that's more neutral now. So not a dramatic change and it really has to do with the mix of business, you know, we're getting the kind of growth rates we would expect. You saw third quarter we had software up 3, which is an acceleration from the prior quarter, but it really is that we're also seeing good momentum in our cloud platforms business, so it’s really a mix statement that is driving that as oppose to something happening within our software margins. On the cognitive margin component the phenomena you described is absolutely accurate. As we slowdown those investments we'll see the as-a-service margin scale, we're starting to see the as-a-service business scale, but we still see so much opportunity we're going to keep driving the investments. And so we haven't gone to that point yet where the scale overtakes the investment levels in that as-a-service business.
Martin Schroeter: Thanks, Tien-tsin, so a couple of things. The transactional business as we noted in the third, down five was an improvement from where we were in the second. So, we had reasonable transaction closing rates. Now, the thing to keep in mind as we go into the fourth, it is a much bigger transactional quarter for us and so while we have, what I would call a good opportunity pipeline, we have got now 85 days or a 75 days to see how the environment holds up and that will obviously drive the fourth quarter and drive the full year. When we look at – when I look at the revenue streams in the fourth, our annuity business which again smaller pieces in the fourth. Our annuity business has been growing pretty consistently quarter, to quarter, to quarter and I would expect that growth to continue into the fourth that transactional business which is again much larger tends to get a pretty good quarter to quarter sequential bump if you will about $1.5 billion. And based on our opportunity pull, we'd say that looks about like what we'll get done in the fourth as well, but there is some uncertainty in environment and here in the U.S. we've got an election to get through, but right now I'd say that my line of sight into 4Q says, that quarter to quarter impact in third to fourth is about $2.5 billion as we had – just for that transactional business.
Martin Schroeter: Okay. Steve, I'll start with the last question first and last answer to that question is no, Watson runs on our cloud and our technology and Watson will run on the IBM cloud. With regard to the progress we're seeing, we've talked a bit about and you've seen many of our announcement around where Watson is showing up and the kind of work it’s doing, all of that as you know gets reported within our strategic imperatives and all of it goes into the cognitive solutions space that's where our Watson Health business is, that's where our IoT business is, and that’s where the Watson platform is. So, I'd say that with the cognitive solutions business we talked about it in total at plus five, the sub-segment of that where the Watson content shows up which we also provide is up eight, so good growth in that software solutions space. But keep in mind that we're also building new markets here and it's going to take some time for us to take the technologies and the processes that we bought for instant in our Watson Health business and now layer on the Watson technologies to get the ramp in growth that we expect to get out of some of them. So, yes, good progress, yes, it’s a long term investment, and all within that cognitive solutions segment and no, it's not going to run on anything but the IBM cloud.
Martin Schroeter: So, a couple of things, Lou on organic, as you said software up 3 and acceleration for where this -- there is across IBM, the acquisition impact was about the same as it was last quarter, about 2 points across all of the businesses. Now lot of those businesses are software, so obviously an impact in software in the quarter, but not dramatically different again from what we saw in the second. We have – we continue to have good annuity content performance, so our annuity business continues to grow. The phenomena that we've talked about with regard to our largest customers is still part of the discussion with every large customer, it’s a question of how do they best view the deployment of their licenses. How do they best view the use of our technologies in order to make sure they are optimizing their own workloads, they make sure they are optimizing the projects they have going on. One of the things and important thing to us is are they, to make sure that they're still using our software and are they still – are they still, for instance, paying us in [Indiscernible] and are they renewing that, and our renewal rates have stayed very high and very consistent through the third quarter as well, and so we're confident that our software business has the right appeal if you will to our clients, because they continue to use it, they continue to deploy it on any large customer basis, any large customer, the discussion could be a little bit different, but again good software performance in the quarter, some benefit from acquisitions, but I would expect that our annuity base will continue to keep growing as well.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, Wamsi, and again the multi-part clarification with the question is an interesting approach, but – so first on the revenue quarter to quarter, yes, so when we look at our third to fourth as I said, we typically get about $2.5 billion in transactional revenue in the quarter and that's sort of build in one-off, I mean, we got a different – we have a lot of different scenarios on what the year might look like, but that is certainly the predominant if you will scenario on how the fourth comes in. On the view of 2017 which I'll come back to you in moment, again, I know you – and you said it I think, you did listen to my answer on IP, but this is not a onetime thing, right again, IBM has had as much as $1.07 billion of IP in our income statement, it is one of ways we monetize all of our intellectual property, it’s only one, right, we also obviously sell a lot too, but we license their IP is part of our business model. I don't think about it is one-time. We're going to continue to drive this and hopefully grow it. We've got a reasonable pull in the fourth of clients and partners who want to license our technology, so you shouldn't think of it is one-time at all. Now, as we go into 2017, with our big transactional quarter coming up obviously and 90 days we'll talk about what we saw in the environment and what that position us for 2017, but I do think we know, we know a few things as we head into next year already today, so we know for instance we've got good momentum in our strategic imperatives and we continue to see with our investments and our view of the market, how that resonates with clients and I think we would expect to continue to see good strategic imperatives performance which also by the way will drive some investments but keep in mind that with everything we got done this year, the bulk of the spending, the bulk of the investment dollars we freed up next year, that's a much bigger number next year, so we have a freedom and an ability to invest more heavily given what we've got and done so far this year. So that's one thing we know. Secondly, we're seeing good sign ins and backlog performance in our GTS business, that was sign-ins and backlog up again and within that GTS business, the biggest part of that our infrastructure services business which drives by the way that backlog also expanded margins in the quarter, so that's a big deal for us obviously. We also saw expanding margins in our – in parts of our GBS business and our application management business, again as we drive productivity. So, we know again good performance and momentum in strategic imperatives. We have good sign-ins and backlog growth in our GTS business with margin expansion in some of services businesses. And then at this point we'll see where currency winds up in the next 75 days. At this point, it’s kind of neutral shift you will, it certainly not the billion plus impact we took this year as we wrapped on all the hedging from last year, so its far more neutral next year. Now, at the same time as you said we don't another tax case that we're going to close next year, but at the same time most of that was reinvested if you will or consumes elsewhere, it didn't show up on the bottom line. So, yet too soon to tell, we'll get through the fourth, we'll talk about the 90 days when we see, but there is some -- there's momentum here in parts of this business that we'll be spending more time on.
Martin Schroeter: Sure. I think the best thing to do, David, is to look at all of this on a trailing 12 months basis. You know, we recently started giving this on a quarterly basis. It’s a good disclosure and the sense that everyone ask for it and we try to provide the components of our strategic imperatives within each of our new segments. And I think in general people appreciated having that level of detail, but to your point, if you're looking for my advice and how best to interpret this I had interpreted on a 12 months trailing basis. Our clients aren't making big, big investment decisions like who do I trust with my data and what cloud am I going to move on to? That's a decision that is going to last much longer than say, a 90 day reporting cycle. So, in any given reporting cycle there will be volatility. My advice look at it on a trailing 12 months basis and you can see the trend.
Martin Schroeter: Yes. So in total Keith, our acquisitions contributed about two points a growth, same as second quarter.
Martin Schroeter: So, on our cognitive solutions and our margins, so first keep in mind, this is our highest margin business, it is primarily software and within that it's got very heavy high value content in the on-premise category if you will, right. And so these margins which are very high, we want to and we're moving some of this business and investing in the as-a-service, so as that moves into the margin profile, the cognitive solutions could it see a little bit of margin pressure over the long term. Yes, but it’s coming from a very, very high base. And as-a-service component that's going in, it still better margin than all of the other segments in general. So, yes, the as-a-service component of cognitive solutions may have a bit of an impact just on that segment but overall it will still help IBM and again this is a very, very high margin segment at north of 80% here so. 
Martin Schroeter: Sure, Jim. I'd say that given, yes, we'll continue to invest. Do I think the rate of growth of investment has to continue? Well, the short answer is it may, but again remember how much we got done this year in terms of making room in the overall IBM equation and the productivity we are driving in parts of our services businesses, I know that we are seeing margin expansion in some of those. So yes, we will continue to invest and infact I think that some of these markets require this level or the markets require this level of investment in order to be at the leading edge with our clients, but we do make a lot more room if you will in the overall IBM equation given everything we got done this year. And we’ll spend more time in 90 days on how all of that plays out for 2017, but again we made a lot of room for investments for ourselves for next year.
Martin Schroeter: Sure, sure I’ll do the clarification first Amit. So that’s our GAAP net income realization. We’ve just kept it consistent in terms of GAAP net income. It was the most straightforward for we think for everyone to understand. So the free cash flow realization data is GAAP net income. On how free cash flow, skews next year and the application of our capital, I’d say first you know you can be assured that we are going to put all of our money to work as we have. We don’t tend to -- we don’t keep capital here to the extent its excess, after we’ve invested in organically and after we’ve purchased what we think we need through acquisitions and after we’ve paid the dividend we do return capital to shareholders. Over the long term in the form of share repurchase, we over the long term as we said now pretty consistently, we think over the long term we can reduce our share count by 2% to 3% and that obviously recognizes that we will continue to be acquisitive. So, I would say that Amit what -- again we’ll talk more about what we have assumed when we get to 2017 but we will absolutely continue to invest organically, we’ll absolutely continue to be acquisitive. We’ll absolutely continue to grow the dividend and then to the extent that we have access capital to return we will return it on over the long term that number from a share repurchase would be a 2% to 3% reduction. So, let me conclude, let me conclude by reminding you that we are running a highly differentiated play here. We are building obviously cognitive capabilities well beyond what others are doing with individual AI services if you will and we are building the platforms to help deliver that and we are making all of that available on another platform, the IBM cloud. And it came up as you heard on the call, will Watson run on someone else’s cloud? No, it won’t, it will run on the IBM cloud. And we are doing all of that with deep industry expertise and that’s what our clients are looking for, that cognitive capability on the IBM cloud with deep industry expertise and you can see that in our health, you can see that in our IoT and you can see now in financial services which we just announced a couple of weeks ago. So we are very excited about what we are doing and we are very excited about the businesses we are building and of course we are very excited with the help and what are allowing and enabling our clients to become which is cognitive businesses. So as we do that, we’ll continue to be deeply embedded in the fabric of how they run their businesses and the most important work they do. They trust us with their data, they trust us to be their partner and becoming cognitive businesses and quite frankly that’s how we make sure that we are successful over the long term. So thank you for joining our call today.
