Martin J. Schroeter: Yeah. Thanks, Tien-tsin. So, you're right. If we were just to line up the math of where we finished relative to the at least $13.50 at that base level, we'd be about 17%. So the first quarter, I would say I'd characterize a couple of ways. One, on the top line, we got done what we wanted to get done and, in fact, the signposts that we've given to our investor community around driving double-digit growth while we continue to invest in those areas played out pretty much as we expected. And we are growing our revenue in those strategic imperatives faster than the marketplace, which we think is an important element as we transform the business. On the profit side, the first quarter played out kind of the way we said we would get done what we would in February, which was we were going to get a tax benefit and that we were going to accelerate the transformation. So we put of all of that together and while – because we had some of the restructuring already in the run rate, if you will, we did better, if you will, than what the original guidance implied. So the math you're doing is kind of spot on relative to that $13.50. We are seeing the dynamics in the revenue lines that we had expected and we're seeing the profit equation come together as we kind of expected, again, given that nuance that we had some of the restructuring in the run rate. The other thing I'd point out, what's not in yet is obviously some of the newer acquisition content. We closed on Truven about a week and a half ago. We closed on The Weather Company's digital assets during the quarter, so not a full quarter. Those come also with our intent to grow the spending in those to create new solutions. So when they come in, at whatever profitability they were, we build our business cases around substantial investment in those two. So we'll get the revenue but the profit impact, as we said in the prepared remarks, will last for a couple of quarters.
Martin J. Schroeter: Sure. Thanks, Toni. So first, on your clarifying non-question, I think the way you described it is what we said. We said we'd get 38% to 39% of the first half done, and your math was right on. The one thing, though, I think it's important to remember, and I know you know this, but I think we ought to bear in mind the business looks fundamentally different as we transform it. And so, using first-half averages from days gone by when currency was different and the level of transformation and the pace of transformation was different and the levels of investment were different, I would caution our investors to make sure they understand the underpinnings of that. And so that's why we laid out, if you will, within my prepared remarks – that's why we laid out what we saw happening in this quarter from first to second. So again, your math was right, we said 38% to 39%. But again, there is a lot more going on within the transformation than just the statistics. And I think it's important to understand the componentry. In terms of where we are in the transformation, I think I'd make a few comments. One, continued growth in the strategic imperatives – as you said, good growth and we're pleased with the double-digit growth. It's a big part of how we're measuring our progress. The other element that we're measuring, and we talked about this at Investor Day and it holds true as well in the first is, are the spaces we're going to, are they generating higher value than the spaces we're moving from? And as we showed at Investor Day, our gross margins in those new areas continue to be higher, and they were higher again in the first. So that's an important element for us. Again, grow those businesses and make sure they're higher value. At the same time, part of our transformation is to create new opportunities. And so we spent a bit of time at Investor Day, as you know, talking about not only the traditional IT opportunity. And I would put things like our new cloud video services unit into that, where we get to apply a globally scalable cloud approach on an industry basis with our industry expertise. And so that's a good example of how we're shifting into new areas in the cloud world in the traditional space. But part of this transformation is all about moving into businesses that don't yet exist. And so when you mention, is it as-a-service, is it something else, these are as-a-service businesses, and so we do expect there to take a while to ramp. But we did get to put a lot of money to work over the past 12 months. In fact, our acquisition activity over the last 12 months, if you include Truven now – so we just closed Truven about a week and a half ago – we spent about $9 billion now over that time period on acquisitions, which is more than we've spent in any 12-month period in IBM. So, part of this is also on building those new businesses. So where are we in the transformation? It is continued focus on shifting our investments into those strategic imperatives, it is making sure that the space we're moving to is higher margin and higher profit opportunity for us and then making sure we're investing aggressively to keep those businesses growing.
Martin J. Schroeter: Sure, Katy. So, a couple of things. First, on software, we did talk about in January that we would we'd get an improved trajectory in our software business just from the mix of transactional annuity, and we did get that. So we did see an improvement from the mix in lower transactional content in the first, then in the fourth that drove some improvement. Secondly, we also got a benefit from the acquisition content that closed. That added about 2 points as well to the software performance. So with the annuity component of our software business continuing to grow, with the acquisition content coming in, I do feel okay about our software business going forward and the acquisitions that we've completed more recently will also help support that software business. So from a revenue perspective I feel okay about the investments we've made and the future of the software business. Now, on the profit side, those take spending to create the kinds of solutions that we think will create new markets, so we'll continue to invest heavily, but the improvement we got from the mix was what we said we would get in the first and then we got the benefit of acquisitions as well.
Martin J. Schroeter: Oh, sorry. I'm sorry, Katy. You also asked about GBS. So on GBS, we did see a sequential improvement from fourth to first, and we saw that in our consulting business as well. Now, in the GBS business, the strategic imperatives content continues to do fine in the GBS business, and we'll continue to shift our labor pools and our expertise into those. And you saw that we made some acquisitions in that digital channel to create – again, to keep our lead, I should say, in being the world's largest digital agency. What you also saw us do over the last few months now in GBS is we moved – we continued to move our business to where we see the greatest consulting opportunities. And quite frankly, we stayed in these big ERP implementations a bit too long. And so now, what you saw us buy a few months ago was a company called Meteorix, which is really built around helping companies move into workday solutions. And then you saw us recently announced the acquisition of a company called Bluewolf, which works on sales force implementations. And so as the world moves into what we've always said it would, which is that the shift to cloud creates consulting opportunities because companies have to fundamentally change workflow, we did, quite frankly, move a little bit late, so we're playing a little bit of catch-up in that part of the business. But with these two acquisitions, we'll drive growth in what are two pretty hot market opportunities and we'll continue then to pull resources away from that commoditizing content and drive more the shift into the strategic imperatives.
Martin J. Schroeter: Yeah. So the simple answer is that acquisitions that we've gotten done now will add again to the growth rate in the second quarter. If I looked at – if we look at just the Cognitive Solutions segment as an example, part of that business, our transaction processing system business – that's a very high value business. It declined 5% in the quarter, but it's in a declining market opportunity space. And so we're providing very high value to our clients. We run their most important transaction systems. We'll continue to do that. We'll continue to refresh those products that delivers the new capability, but quite frankly, that is an opportunity that will decline over time. But again, we'll decline with it. We won't lose share. When we look at the software solutions part of that Cognitive segment, you saw that we got back to low single-digit growth in the first, and with the acquisition content we see that continuing to accelerate even in the second already. So that acquisition content will help bolster the software results as we go through the rest of the year.
Martin J. Schroeter: Yeah. I guess the way to think about it is that within the Global Business Services, that the areas we're moving out of have a lot of price pressure. So implementing these large-scale ERP implementations, we see a lot of price pressure in there. And the areas we're moving into are continuing to grow pretty well, but we're building those. By the way, they're going to take a while to build. Some of them are brand-new practices. So as an example, we just announced the creation last year, at the end of last year, of a cognitive practice. That doesn't exist anywhere. It's the world's first. We are building skills there. So within the GBS segment, again, this shift we've been working on, we were a little bit late in some parts of it and moving more into – if you will, moving more into the consulting side of this. But we have the total of strategic imperatives is within that segment is about $2 billion of the $4.1 billion. The chart that you may be looking at is not additive, right? The strategic imperatives are $2 billion. The cloud element is $600 million; that's within the $2 billion. And then the as-a-service is $0.5 billion; that's within that as well. So it's not additive, it's not three – one of the four; it's two of the four with those two as the components.
Martin J. Schroeter: Okay. Steve, thank you for the non-multipart – no, it's okay Steve. As you said, they are quick. They're good questions because it's all important data. So first, on constant currency, we said that in total, the currency impact would be over $1 billion for us in the year. Now, bear in mind that a big part of that, the bulk of that, almost all of it, was because of the hedges we had last year which we're not going to get this year. So we had to work our way through that. Now, at current rates, obviously we see – we still see the same size impact from the hedges because those were there last year. At current rates we would get a bit of a translation benefit, but I think it's really important to recognize that while as much as we like to think this is uniform on both sides of a dollar move, and we do believe that a weaker dollar on balance helps us, a weaker dollar also drives renegotiation in price and other things that come into the equation. So the impact at this point, the hedge impact on the currency rates today is obviously exactly the same. We'd do a little bit better at this point in profit if we were able to keep it; we'd do a little bit better there for the rest of the year. On free cash flow, I'd say it really is – I wouldn't attribute it all to the tax that we got back. I would attribute it to we're through 90 days, we've have $100-plus billion balance sheet, and when we look at the ins and outs and the efficiency of the balance sheet, we feel incrementally more positive about the realization for the year. And then on restructuring, this is something where – and we tried to go through this a bit in the prepared remarks – it really is about shifting the work force from a set of skills that have value in the marketplace today to a new set of skills where we're trying and build new businesses. The minority of the charge, if you will, is for reductions in usable capacity, and most of that's outside the U.S. The bulk of this is to get new set of skills. So as we build a Watson Health business, as we build out our security practice, we're adding new skills. So we'll see. We think about our ability to acquire skills. In many of these sectors, we will hire them as quickly as the world can create them. We hired 1,000 security experts last year and quite frankly, if world created 2,000 of the caliber and the kind of talent we needed, we would've hired 2,000. But the world creates these skills at a certain rate and we'll hire them as aggressively as we can. We have some limits in terms of how do we put them to work and where's the demand and does that all match up, but we'll hire people as aggressively as we can as we build these businesses out. We are relying on some pretty unique talents in some these businesses.
Martin J. Schroeter: Sure. So, a couple things. On services, in terms of signings, as you said, they tend to be lumpy. Maybe not the most elegant of words to describe it, but it is an accurate description of what happens in any 90-day period. Quite frankly, when you look at the kinds of relationships we're building with our clients, neither the IBM teams involved that are building these nor our clients are thinking about these on a 90-day cycle. These are pretty big, transformative partnerships that we build, and they're running and trusting us to run their most important and most critical systems. So it's completely understandable why a 90-day reporting cycle may not work. We also have looked, and we've told our investors over time to look at the backlog. So when you look, for instance, within the GTS business, our backlog, even with the signings performance in the quarter, but because we've had strong signings last year we grew the backlog 1%. And I think that's indicative of the kind of demand profile we see for those kinds of services. Remember, within that business there is certainly an element of productivity, i.e. our clients are asking us to do and manage that for them in a way that gets them to a sustainable economic model, which means we need to deliver productivity quite regularly. And then it also includes a lot of what they want in terms of moving into hybrid cloud environments and taking advantage of the investments they've already made in their own systems plus getting the agility from us running their cloud. So that services business, again, the demand profile I'd say looks more like that low single-digit kind of growth rate, which is evident in the backlog. And then we'll – again, given the transformative nature of some these deals, we'll sign them when they're ready and when they're complete. In terms of margin on GBS, we've talked a fair bit about what we're going through with GBS. The only thing I'd add to the comments we've made is, again, we continue to see that the areas and the spaces we're moving to are more valuable as measured by gross profit margin, if you will. They're more valuable than where we're coming from, and so we see certainly a bright future. Now, it's just a matter of getting that weighting right and working our way through the transition and transformation of that, where we have a bit of a productivity impact as well.
Martin J. Schroeter: Sure, Amit. A couple of things. So on savings, if you will, and as you've pointed out, we're going to – we expect that we'll reinvest a lot of the savings as we start to realize them and as we start to achieve the savings. So in the prepared remarks and in the charts we've distributed, we've actually laid out quarter-by-quarter when we would expect to get about that $500 million or so of savings this year. And then we've also identified on a full year basis, that this frees up – for our spend rate, it frees up about $2 billion that we will now look to shift into these new areas. That's how we think about it. Again, this is not about capacity reduction; it's actually about moving into these new areas where we see new opportunities. And then from a revenue perspective, as I covered in the prepared remarks, in the first quarter, the contribution from acquisitions in terms of revenue growth was under a point. Now, we've since closed Truven in April and we didn't have The Weather Company, for instance, in the full quarter, so we'll get a bit over a point as we go into the second. But we don't see – it's not adding 3 or 4 or 5 points here. It really is a point to 2 points as we go into the second in terms of acquisition contribution to revenue growth.
Martin J. Schroeter: Sure. So, the first one or the second part of that, the acquisitions we're making are in things like software businesses. They are in as-a-service businesses. There's nothing in the backlog from acquisitions. So in the back-up information – and first, Jim, I do want to say, since we put so much time into all these backup charts, I do appreciate that someone's looking at them all, so thank you for that. In the services backlog of down 1%, there are really two components. One is, as I mentioned a couple of questions ago, the GTS component of that continues to grow about 1%, so think of it as low single-digit. And I think that's a good reflection of the demand environment for the kinds of services integrators that our GTS business is becoming. The other piece of that is the GBS backlog, which is down 5%. So that down 1% is up 1% for GTS down 5%. And that's a reflection of our shift out of these large ERP implementations and the need for us to build some of these new businesses like Cognitive. So there's not a lot of, obviously, Cognitive signings in that backlog yet because we've created the practice within the last six months, and we're building the skill base and we're building the relationships with our clients. It's really those two dynamics. It's pretty good, stable growth – stable but growing in GTS and a decline in GBS as we shift into those new areas.
Martin J. Schroeter: Well, a couple of things, Wamsi. So, we are investing quite aggressively here. And I run the deal committee. We have pretty active discussions still on what else we should acquire in order to build, again, new businesses, to extend the lead that we have in a business. So we'll keep doing that and we'll think prudently about where we deploy our capital. Now, in terms of spend rates, as I mentioned, investments are shifting our workforce, if you will, investing are changing the way we operate. It's changing the way we engage with one another. So if the world created 5,000 cognitive experts, we would hire 5,000 cognitive experts. We already have, by the way, the largest private math department in the world, and so we are absorbing, if you will, the skills that we need for our business in order to drive these. But there is a rate at which it doesn't make sense for us to keep putting money into these because the world doesn't create them any more. It's not a problem that can be solved by spending more money. It's a problem that is constrained by the kinds of skills the world's creating. So we have a global search on for talent. People come to IBM and we got about 1.2 million applications – applicants I should say. We've got more applications, but 1.2 million applicants. They come here in order to work with the leaders in their fields. What we find is that skills have gravity and highly skilled people want to work with others in their fields who are also highly skilled. So they come here to work with our unique data sets, with our unique technologies, with our unique industry expertise, in order to change the way the world works in order to change the way industries operate, in order to change professions. And we'll do that as fast as we can, but you can get a sense – I think we talked earlier, not in this call but in prior calls, that we hired 70,000 people last year out of the 1.2 million applicants. It takes a while to find the right people, so we'll invest as fast as the world creates the skills we need.
Martin J. Schroeter: So let me wrap up the call because we got a lot done in the quarter, and quite frankly I think we're pretty well positioned for the future. The new structure that we have been talking about which reflects our management system, we expect that it will facilitate our move to a cognitive solutions and cloud platform company, and it will also help our investors understand where we're making investments and where we seeing returns. We introduced the structure just in February. We provided the history back in March as we said we would, and now it's the first quarter that we're reporting. So hopefully, with what we've done in this transition to this new reporting structure, you found all the information helpful and helped contextualize the results you're looking at and hopefully getting some insight into the businesses as we move through the transformation. So thank you for joining the call, and we'll talk to you again in July.
