Arvind Krishna: Hey, Wamsi. Thanks for the question. Look, I'd like to be very clear. I think that any -- and I would not use the word disruption, Wamsi. I would use the word that there may be a slight pause, which is the word that I used in my prepared remarks. I think there's a slight pause and it'll be the end of third quarter, maybe the beginning of fourth quarter. We see that pause mostly in hardware and in Kyndryl itself. By the way, just to add some color, why do you say that? There has been a lot of hardware that actually does flow through Kyndryl and many people -- many of our clients think of that as being an alternate way that they have procured infrastructure in the past. It's not a surprise given the size of the relationship with all those clients that we see a pause in some of them. I think that's the complete nature of it. When I look at our pipeline, I look at our sales compensation, I look at our executive compensation, I am completely confident that this will be well behind us by the beginning of '22, meaning by January. Well behind us. And as we also get into a new product cycle on some of the hardware in the first half of '22, I think that will put it completely behind us. And so my view is that we hold firm to our ready-to and forward projections. And this is actually got no long-term or systemic issues that I see, both in the numbers, in the pipelines, and in the actual behavior of clients .
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Thanks, Toni. I'll take the first part of that and then I'll look at Jim for the second part of the question. Toni, there's three parts of it. First, let me acknowledge, yes, our growth rates have to improve. No question about it. We are not saying we are done. There are three elements that will contribute to the growth rate, and I think a lot of what you were pointing to was towards the software growth rate, I'll say it comes from three things. 1: we are seeing improvements in our organic, meaning the software we already had. We continue to see that. We expect that that will improve the software growth rates by a few points. I won't actually say the upper  because I don't expect that the three elements I mentioned, all of them, will all return at the . So let's say 1 or 2 points from the organic growth rate. 2, we will continue to make acquisitions, but not only the ones we have made keep contributing because they are growing well into double digit growth rates, but the new ones we make will also contribute to that. Think of that to be in the same range. The third one, as we're making a lot of changes in our sales compensation as well as in the makeup of our sales team, we talk about the Garages, we talk about client success managers, leading to more experiential and more technical selling. We believe that'll drive greater deployment and hence quicker purchases in that segment. And so all of those together will contribute to a much improved growth rate in the Software segment, up to the mid-single digit. As I think you're pointing out in some of your math. I'm not going to debate is it 3, 4, or 5%. Happy to do that when we have a bit more time. And I'll pass it over to Jim for the second part of the question.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Katy. Totally. Actually even Jim acknowledged that we fell maybe a half-point short of our own expectations and we could've done better. Here is where I see it doing better. First, the one that performed exactly according to what we wanted was Red Hat. Red Hat gave us 17%, which is pretty much what we wanted and expected. If I now look at our transaction processing platform, it was a little bit below what we would like because we have been saying that in a long-term model that should be more mid-single digit decliner but this quarter it was a high single-digit decliner. We think that as we get past, because that is coupled, I won't call it identical, but it is coupled to some of the infrastructure cycles, I expect that to come back starting in early '22 or maybe late in '21. Then on our category that is today called AI applications, we were minus 1%. There I would expect us to get back to mid-single-digit growth. Now you see if I put it all together, do we expect to see a tiny bit of pausing from people because of everything going on? Yes. Two, we are turning our incentive models. I spoke on it on the prior question very briefly. Our incentive models for our sales team are going to be very heavily tuned towards software going forward in '22. That I believe will result in much better performance because the only way that they will get anywhere near the target incentives are to make this up a number. That is probably for the first time that that's been true in a long, long time at IBM. So Katy, that's my view on what, happened there and how we will improve going forward.
Arvind Krishna: Jim, great question. And by the way, I would tell you that I don't think that this year is unique. Maybe there's a touch more issues going on, but I don't think it's unique. I remember 2001 really well; I remember 2007 just before the financial crisis. This is a continuous movie in the technology industry. Now, you said the 3% signings growth. I wouldn't look at the 3%. I would look at our book-to-bill ratio, which is 1.1. And so book-to-bill gives a much better signal of what the demand is for our forward-looking revenue and demand in our IBM Consulting business. Labor has to be managed. We have a global level model. We've put people everywhere. And as Jim just mentioned in answer to the prior question, that yeah, when you do have inflation in your labor cost, there is an element of it that's going to price through for that side of the business. In all the rest of the business, actually, I'm not so worried about labor cost. I'm worried about getting the right talent, maybe, but that is always a worry that I have, and I've been paranoid that for 30 years, that's not unique. And I think it's similar to many of your businesses, Jim, not just yours, but all of your colleagues here on this call. The right talent is far more important. And while labor cost is important, in the end of the day, its maybe 15%, 20% of the total costs in expense that is critical towards the other businesses, because you can manage the rest. That answer to you is, no, it's not something that needs to be modeled in, I don't believe so. But we always have to worry about it in terms of how do we price, how do we get the labor pools, where do we put the labor pools and all of those elements.
Arvind Krishna: Okay. Keith, I'll take the first part of that question on Cloud Paks. So Cloud Paks are not just bundled and they're not just containerizing Software. I'll tell you right away, if all you do is bundled Software, you'll actually get a price deflation. If all you do is containerize Software, there'll be no plus or minus. It's just a different way of delivering it. I'll take one of the Cloud Pak s to maybe use it as a quick exemplar. If I take our Cloud Pak for data, if I now turn around and tell you that whether we take some of our integration Software, whether we take a database Software like DB2, and that's all you provide through that, you're right; there's neither plus nor minus. I think it will stay where it is. However, it's not just putting those in as options. A lot of Cloud Pak for data is actually new innovation. It includes methods around data fabric, it includes methods around how do you federate data, both from public clouds and from other repositories that are probably not IBM's inside the clients on-premise environment. It contains the data catalog; it contains these ways to be able to do some computations without even moving the data. That new content added to some of the existing content, so we take advantage of our incumbency or we get lift because there is more usage overall for these technologies than there was before, is why we're so excited about Cloud Pak and it gives us both. Yes, some of it is just going to be a movement, but a lot of it is actually increased usage. And hopefully that made the example clear on how we're driving innovation into the portfolio with that one example. So Jim, I'll give it to you to address the -- I don't know whether to phrase maintenance as ARR or NRR.
Arvind Krishna: Thanks, Jim. Look -- First I'd like to thank all of you for your questions. I thought they were really getting into the details and hopefully it helped -- our answers helped you understand our business a lot better. Let me just make a couple of comments to wrap it up. I hope you took away, is that we've continued to make this progress this quarter in the key areas. Both myself and Jim highlighted them in our key areas of growth and in our value vectors as you go forward, especially looking into '23. But we'll also acknowledge that we always have more to do. Importantly, we are on the threshold of the IBM of the future and we expect to exit the year in a position that delivers on our midterm model, starting in 2022. That is the sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth and the increasing free cash flow that fuels all the investments. With that, I look forward to speaking to all of you again.
James J. Kavanaugh: Thanks, Wamsi. To your second question, you remember back at -- on October 4th at our Investor Day, we talked about the strong strategic relationship between IBM and Kyndryl going forward.
James J. Kavanaugh: To that point, I can't resist but go into the numbers. So let's just -- Toni, great question. Thank you very much. Let's talk about this quarter. Again, IBM, ex - Kyndryl, delivered about 2% growth. By the way, that's an accelerating trend as we talked about in prepared remarks from about flat through the first half to now growing 2%. Yes, offer an easier compare -- we acknowledge that, but let's take a look at the revenue contribution analysis of what contributed to that two points. Now I'll tie it back to what we said on October 4th, as our mid-single-digit growth rate model. We set across our 3 segments: First, we have an improving growth profile as we shift to higher value, higher growth markets, over 70% of our business in Software and in Consulting, which, by the way, also carries a higher value recurring revenue stream. That those two segments will contribute all 5 points of IBM's growth by the way, with improving operating margins, which I'll get into at the end. The infrastructure segment, which is high-value mission critical, covering our Mainframe business and infrastructure support business, was projected to be flat over time as it follows innovation cycle. So as we bring out innovation next year, we firmly believe in confidence that we're going to grow there, but over a 3 year period, that's about flat, but a significant cash generator. So you got 2 growth factors, 1 value vector, 2 delivering growth, and 1 delivering cash generation. Now let's look at how the third quarter played out. Against that 70+ % of our 2 growth factors that targeted a 5 point contribution, we delivered 4.5 points of revenue growth to IBM. We fell about a 0.5 short and that's in the software area because we'd overachieved in GBS. We have a strong book of business in GBS, now IBM Consulting, and we see that continuing to play out. We got work to do on Software but we're making underlying business performance because as you all know, you see the data, our deferred revenue tailwind dissipates over time. And we lost about a point of growth in software just due to the deferred revenue tailwind, which means that the underlying business of our proforma IBM Software continues to improve. Why do we feel confident moving forward just adding to some of the points of Arvind? Number 1, we've been 5 quarters in a row now with strong renewal rates. 80% of our software business is recurring revenue, high-value recurring revenue and you see that in our deferred income and deferred revenue balance up 800 million year-over-year. Number 2, we see nice acceleration in ARR and by the way, NRR north of 100% again for the third consecutive quarter, and we're starting to see nice acceleration in Cloud Paks. And most importantly, as we talked about 3 quarters ago, we are now starting to enter the early parts of our ELA cycle that will continue into 2022 and the first half of 2023. We feel pretty confident about the two growth factors.Where we missed is based on being on the back-end of a very successful mainframe cycle. The infrastructure segment took 2.5 points of growth away from IBM, ex - Kyndryl. So plus 4.5 points against the target of 5, we lost 2.5 points in infrastructure and that will moderate out over time as we bring new innovation. And then finally, just wrapping up on your operating margin comment, we said, entering this year, two most important measures: revenue growth, free cash flow generation. We're achieving on both of those. We said that free cash flow generation was going to be important because we needed to fuel investment in innovation and in IBM Consulting because we saw robust demand. We're playing that out consciously. We'll see that improve as we get into 2022, but we're still driving that cash. And I'll wrap up year-to-date through third quarter, growing revenue, and growing revenue ex - Kyndryl at constant currency. We're growing gross and pretax dollars. We're growing pre -tax margin and we're growing trailing 12 months pre -cash flow. So that's the model that we put in place and we feel pretty confident as we enter 2022.
James J. Kavanaugh: Yeah. Tien-Tsin, this is Jim. I'll take that as we move forward. As I stated earlier and Arvind commented in the prepared remarks, we do see a very robust demand environment out there. We called it as we were going through fourth quarter; we called a very conscious strategy, GBS. Now, IBM Consulting again plays a very integral role to our Hybrid Cloud platform - centric business model. Why? Because it drives scale and adoption to our platform and it also pools IBM technology, while taking advantage of the ecosystem and partnership and skill and capability. So we started aggressively adding skill, capacity, expertise, ecosystem partnerships, and scaling acquisitions. I think we just announced today our eighth GBS acquisition in the last 12 months overall. So it was a conscious strategy and we believe that that flywheel effect of GBS that turns into the multiplier of driving our platform, pulling our Software, and driving a very robust economic equation for our Ecosystem partners is essential in our long-term strategy. Now, with that said, we saw margins down 310 basis points. We saw pretax margins down a 110 basis points. Within that though, we grew gross profit dollars and we grew pretax dollars. We're about generating growth in top-line at around generating cash contribution, and GBS delivered that today. I would also mention that GBS accelerated their margins quarter-to-quarter tremendously. Pretax margins were up 5 points quarter-to-quarter, and they've been accelerating their gross margins sequentially every single quarter this year. So we delivered over 13 points of pretax margin in the third quarter and our model, as we said on October 4th, was low teens. So we feel pretty comfortable, we see a very good book of business and we continue to see in fourth quarter IBM Consulting delivering double-digit revenue growth and margin dollar and profit dollar and cash dollar contribution, while pulling our Software and Hybrid Cloud platform.
James J. Kavanaugh: I think, Keith, and I'm interpreting your question given you applied it to GBS and we've had this discussion many quarters, appropriately so, and you're talking about Application Management Services, AMS. If I'm not answering the right question, please get back to Patricia and we can move forward from there. But AMS, as we've talked about for a handful of quarters, we got back to growth up 5%, accelerated that growth albeit, as we said in the prepared remarks, off were much easier compared during the height of the pandemic last year in third quarter. But it was up this quarter as we had growth in offerings which modernize the client's applications and as we move them to a Hybrid Cloud. We talked about our application management having a tremendous incumbency value in a Hybrid Cloud platform - centric model. Why? Because what we've seen and learned over the last two plus years after the acquisition of Red Hat, is that one, we've built up a $3.5 billion book of business around our Red Hat practice in GBS from a dead start during the acquisition, and we built that up. Of that $3.5 billion over a quart -- the three quarters of that book of business is in AMS accounts. Second, AMS or excuse me, GBS driving that flywheel effect I talked about earlier, is actually delivers over 1/3 of our cloud revenue -- Cloud Pak revenue growth each quarter. And within that, 80% are AMS accounts. So there is causality and a correlation here between our strong incumbency base, us having industry, business process knowledge, and the technical expertise to be the client's trusted partner to move them along their journey to Cloud. AMS is a very integral part. So we saw good growth, and by the way, our penetration of AMS Cloud activity. Remember we talked about in the past, this predominantly being an on - prem enterprise application concentration issue. We continue to make progress, we're about close to 40% of our AMS business is now Cloud and we're capitalizing on Red Hat, we're capitalizing on application modernization, and we're capitalizing on very strong ecosystem partnerships with SAP S/4 Hana, to name one, as we move forward.
James J. Kavanaugh: David, thank you very much for the question. I think I'll take both and then Arvind can wrap it up here overall. First, around Kyndryl. If you go back to October 4th at the Investor Day, which we were pretty transparent, and we said we're going to continue that transparency into 2022 around the external sales with the strong strategic relationship between IBM and Kyndryl. We said about on a full-year basis, $2.5 billion give or take and in 2022, when you got 12 months versus two months in 2021, it'd be about $2 billion of incremental or about three points. Within that, David, the majority of that is in Software, and a majority of that is annuitize based high-value mission critical base recurring revenue. So if you're thinking about, do we have any deflationary impacts around that 2 plus billion dollars, on the Software side, which carries the majority of it, no. The 2nd component is we have about -- annualized about $0.5 billion with regards to our infrastructure support and hardware. On the infrastructure support, it's again, annuitized based business overall and with regards to Hardware, in our strategic relationship as we set Kyndryl up, we've given them a pretty aggressive and component of an aged inventory refresh program. So we have very little hardware purchases over probably the next 18 months to two years, given we just went through a big asset refresh. So long answer to your question, but I don't think we have a lot of impact moving forward against that. Second, around the ELA cycle. You know this quite well. It's typically a three-plus-year. The dynamics of client buying behaviors change over time but we feel very confident. The good news is here is we have a lot of headroom. We're just starting the early part of that in the fourth quarter. That will predominantly play out in 2022 and then will also extend early into 2023 as we move forward. If we look at our transactional related activity, we've been making strong performance improvement in our annuitized based business with renewal rates and our on-prem transactional business has struggled, especially during the pandemic. This will bolster that as we move forward. And most importantly, we feel confident in the investments in innovation and what we're bringing to market with our modernized and containerized Cloud Pak offerings optimized on top of our Hybrid Cloud Red Hat platform that we're good. So with that, let me turn it over to Arvind.
