Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Tony and thanks as always for your question. There is a lot packed into that. So let me take a step back and just give you a perspective of how we saw the quarter play out, and I'll touch on each of your points here as I go through this. We feel like through the first 90 days of the year, we started out with a solid performance. Why, because we see the fundamentals of our business model playing out in terms of growth in key high value areas, whether that'd be cloud and our acceleration there, security, digital and data and AI. And while we see the growth in those key high value emerging areas, we're also delivering strong operating leverage by expanding margins, growing pretax income, expanding operating pretax margins and delivering strong free cash flow. So when you look at the quarter, let me start with revenue, because you've talked about what we expect in 90 days and where we're at. Underneath our revenue, we see continued momentum in our GBS business led by consulting, strong growth again 9% as we're enabling clients to really move on their journey to cloud and drive their digital reinventions and competitive advantage. We also had solid execution in our cloud and cognitive software where our value propositions around hybrid cloud are playing out very nicely and we're winning in the market. And we saw accelerated growth in our cloud-based business. Basically going from mid-single digits in the fourth quarter when you look at our cloud performance to now exiting first quarter where in the quarter we grew 12%, and now we have a trailing 12 month $19.5 billion cloud business that's growing 12%. Now from geography perspective and it gets right at the heart of your question, we talked about 90 days ago that we saw about 1 to 2 point sequential improvement. And if you look at our developed markets, we had pretty good execution. And we delivered that accelerated 1 to 2 points in fact over 2 points when you look at developed markets led by Japan, UK, Italy, Spain and many others that grew very well. It was in the emerging markets, in particular as I said in the prepared remarks, around the AP region where we saw a deceleration in revenue. And that was really driven by our transactional related businesses, both systems and cloud and cognitive software where we had a good transactional pipeline entering the quarter. And just based on client buying decision delays, we did not execute. Those are great value propositions. They're in front of us right now. The teams on the field and we're focused on closing that sales execution. Now, let me go to operating leverage, because you talked a little bit about our operating leverage and with and without charges but let me set the record straight. One, strong gross profit margins up 90 day basis points, driven by our services base of business, which is up 160 basis points year-over-year and this is a strongest operating margin, gross margin that we've had in four years from a year-to-year expansion. On pretax margins you're right, up 320 basis points as printed. But within, that we did get a benefit by much lower workforce rebalancing last year but we're also seeing the fundamentals of our enterprise productivity initiatives play out. And when you adjust for the $200 million impact year-to-year in IP, our operating pretax margins are up they're not down. So we feel like we started out. We delivered a strong quarter. We should have came up with some more revenue, especially in our emerging markets, the team is focused here in the second quarter. But with all that said for the first 90 days, we think we're up for a solid start and that gives us confidence in maintaining our guidance.
Jim Kavanaugh: Around strategic imperative, again, let me put this in perspective. We put this sign post out back in the beginning of 2015 if you all remember at our Investor Day. Why, because we had to lay the groundwork and how is the Company we needed to fundamentally shift our capital investment allocation and transform our portfolio into capturing the shifts in growth in cloud and data, and analytics, and security, and mobility. Now you fast forward to the end of 2018 and at the time we made this announcement with that signpost, we were about less than a quarter's worth of our business, I think Patricia. We exited '18 where we were consistently above 50%. And when you take a look at that that has become more and more, or I should say less and less of a relevant metric as we move forward. And more importantly, as I've spent quite a bit of time over the last quarter, both at Think with many of you as analysts and also with our investors, to talk about as we changed our external segmentation to reposition and get this company focused our chapter two and the journey to cloud and hybrid cloud. The same feedback we got from many of you and many of our investors is the strategic imperative metric has passed its course and they are looking for now what are the relevant metrics on managing the Company moving forward. And that as we put out in our new segmentation is going to be around cloud, in particular, accelerating our leadership position in $1 trillion market opportunity around hybrid that is going to be around as a service and our scale efficiencies and margin. And finally, it's going to be around operating leverage and value. And that is going to be instantiated in gross margin and operating pretax margin. Now to your second question real quick cloud and cognitive software. Again, as I stated, solid execution again building on a couple of quarters, strong value proposition, strong offering, team executed well, both across cloud and data platforms we were we up 2%, but also across cognitive applications where we were up 4%. And I talked about in the prepared remarks how we continue to differentiate around our hybrid cloud software value proposition where our integration software had a very strong quarter lead by ICP and ICP for data, which has strong adoption and also our cognitive applications where we're growing both in our domain, security and even emerging areas like Blockchain, but also in our industry verticals where we have continued momentum in Watson Health and in supply-chain and weather. Weather we had an all-time high, great quarter and first quarter all-time high on the number of active users. So when you take a look at this portfolio, we had a couple quarters of solid execution. Yes, in emerging markets we had some buying decision delays that will come back here in the second quarter. But we feel very confident in this portfolio. We feel very confident in the value proposition and differentiation. And we see pretty consistent performance moving forward here in the second quarter and throughout the year.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, if you take a look at it John, obviously, we don't give guidance on revenue. But let me give you some dynamics of how we're seeing the business, both around the trajectory of coming out of first quarter but also the operational indices we see right in front of us, and our business plans and strategies that we're executing on moving forward. First, around GBS. Our GBS business has a lot of momentum. We actually delivered signings growth again for our GBS business those were -- we got great momentum around our consulting business and it's driving the digital reinventions of our clients and our journey to cloud. And we see that they are just continuing that momentum in growth right in front of us here in the second quarter. But second half is going to be dependent, as you know, in a very short-term fast yielding type of backlog. We got to continue doing the signings in 2Q, that's going to fuel backlog, that's going to fill revenue in the second half. But we feel good and we feel consistent growth in GBS. In Cloud and Cognitive Software, as I just answered to Katy, we feel confident in that offering portfolio and we also feel confident in continued growth here in the second quarter pretty consistent performance. Around GTS, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks and I'll go back to what we talked about add late 90 days ago, is we embarked on a very conscious strategy around exiting low value third-party OEM content. We said at that time it was going to depress revenue in the near-term but have higher value and higher margins. And better position our portfolio for the long term as we go through the acquisition closure of Red Hat and really trying to address the leadership position in a hybrid multi-cloud arena. So I would expect GTS, as least in the near-term to be pretty consistent with what you just saw in first quarter. And then you get to our system space of the business. This business as you all know quite well always follows innovation cycles. We are on the backend of our mainframe cycle. We got about one more quarter to go through on that. It's going to be GA plus 7 and plus 8 if I'm counting right. It's been our most successful program in a long time but we've got another quarters' worth of headwind on that. But we've got strong growth and momentum in our power following that innovation cycle. We rolled out our POWER9 architecture for the first quarter. We had our high-end. We had strong adoption. We continue to win in that space leveraging our cloud design systems for AI and for data intensive workloads. And then storage, storage was a weak performance in the first quarter. It was entirely driven again by the high end DS8000, which was attached to our mainframe. And we see that pretty consistent until we can bring new innovation to market. So if you look at first quarter where we were down about 90 basis points at constant currency, you take the divested content out of that and we were roughly about flat. If you look at second quarter, I would see pretty consistent performance again, recognizing we got a big headwind on mainframe in the second quarter we grew a 112% last year as we move forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: As you stated, yes, signings were down, down 14% if I remember correctly, about $7.5 -- $7.6 billion overall in signings. But let me take a step back and give you some of the dynamics underneath that, because I think it's very, very important because wire signings and indicator that's of interest to all of our investors, because it leads the backlog that then leads to backlog realization and revenue. And as I've said many quarters, all signings are not equal and they vary. They vary with lumpiness, mainly based on the size of signings. And when you look at our first quarter, our first quarter being down 14%, our greater than $100 million signings were down over 50%. Why, because we just came-off of a fourth quarter, if you remember 90 days ago, where we had one of our strongest quarters in greater than a $100 million signings in years where we signed 19 deals greater than a $100 million and we actually had signings growth well north of 25%. Also, we had a very strong signings quarter, particularly and greater than $100 million deals last first quarter where we signed 10 deals and our greater than $100 million signings were up a 130%. So we had a very tough compare as we both looked at last year and also just on what we executed with solid execution exiting the year. But now let's take a look at backlog. Backlog has many factors that influence, and signings only being one of it, the duration, the mix of those signings, erosion and client dissatisfaction issues and also new signings, new logo versus extensions. And when you take a look at our GBS business, to your point, we have strong momentum. We grew signings in the first quarter, because while our greater than $100 million signings were down 50% plus, we actually grew less than $100 million signings, which is going to fuel that backlog and be better revenue realization in the near-term as we move forward. So all-in-all, GBS is doing a very nice job. We restructured our offering portfolio. We are winning in the marketplace with this digital reinvention and our journey to cloud. And you're seeing a much shorter duration backlog and a better backlog optimization because our quality of delivery as we transform that has led to a much lower level of erosion, which has led to higher realization of revenue. That's what's playing out in GBS. In GTS, that is the function as we're shifting our portfolio to really capture the hybrid multi-cloud opportunity, and that backlog in GTS is flat. It's flat while we transitioned now in our GTS outsourcing business, our cloud penetration is over 35%. And we're going to continue driving that differentiated value proposition in the near-term. But as I said to the last question around revenue realization, we're continuing down the strategy of managing this business from margin, profit and cash, and we're going to use our balance sheet appropriately and effectively around third-party capital content.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, Tien-tsin, thank you very much for the question. On GTS, I'll remind all of us last quarter, we discussed the portfolio prioritization efforts that we were doing in GTS. Why? We continue to focus and shift this business to higher value for our clients and win in the marketplace. And over the last few quarters, we have been exiting low value content in our GBS business that we said would have some near-term impact on revenue, but will result in higher margins and more importantly a better business profile going forward over the long-term. And if you look at first quarter, that's exactly what played out. Our GTS revenue was down about two points from exiting that lower value content, but Tien-tsin to your question. Our gross margins where I really believe in services based business where value is really instantiated. We're up a 110 basis points year-over-year as we continue to drive the value of that mix shift, our productivity initiatives and our cloud scale. But let me spend a moment as to why? Why are we doing this? This is part of a very conscious strategy to focus this business on margin, profit and cash. We chosen our investment prioritization and Chapter 2 was all about leading in hybrid multi-cloud, high-value market with the acquisition of Red Hat and the combination -- through a combination of cash and debt. You see we are very focused on maintaining a very strong balance sheet and are maintaining our strong investment grade profile and paying down that debt and getting back to our targeted leverage ratios in a few years. We've committed that to our shareholders, and we are taking the actions. GTS being one action about getting out of low value third-party content, that ties up our balance, that ties up our financial flexibility and brings little to no profit to it. The second is our IGF business where we made a decision to get out of our commercial OEM that in addition to, as we stated the intense is to spend share we purchase in 2020 and 2021. So, we are serious about our investment personalization, the lead in Chapter 2. We're serious about getting our balance sheet and continue on the strength of that to support our dividend growth policy and continue to invest in our business, and we're serious about driving the innovation and the investments to win in that space. And I'll just conclude to your question. GTS has tremendous value to our integrated model of IBM. 90% of our most strategic accounts, we call them integrated accounts taken advantage of IBM's integrated value through outsourcing. More than 50% of the software used in our sourcing is IBM content and that’s growing, and 60% of our outsourcing engagements include the management of mainframe. So, it is very integral part, we're been selective in our investment prioritization because we chosen where we want to win and how we're going to win going forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, thanks, Steven. It's good to hear from you again. Yes, let me put in perspective. From a product perspective, around the announced divestitures which most recently included the sale of our marketing and commerce remaining products Centerbridge that on an annualized basis about $1.8 billion, right. From a profit perspective very said very consistent the last quarter that we are going to have a gain on the sale, we're going to have a foregone profit and stranded cost, we were going to take actions to address the foregone profit -- or excuse, the stranded cost and structure of our business overall. And when you take all of that together, there is going to be minimal impact on our full year and let me bring this home to second quarter right now, because as we stated, we expect to close majority if not all of this by the second quarter. And when we take each of the components, the gain on sale, we expect the gain on sale to somewhere be between $500 million and $700 million. And our guidance assumes for right now it’s the low end of that range. With your question, we're going to take actions to address the stranded cost and structures that’s going to spend a majority, a vast majority of that gain. And then Steve as you know, the return on that restructuring in those actions will help us mitigate the foregone profit in the second half of the year because the second half of the year, we are going to have about a two point revenue headwind with that business gone and we'll have a foregone profit that we're going to have to manages as we go forward, so both for the full year and in the second quarter, minimal to no impact to our profit overall.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks David. And I think you've answered your question yourself already. I am not going to comment on any further actions, but I'll just give you the high level perspective. IBM is the high-value company and how we remain high-value is through portfolio optimization. We consistently look at our portfolio, and I think we stated this many times before, we look at many different factors from market attractiveness to our ability to win and differentiate to where client value and profit pools are shifting overtime to the value of our integrated model and how well that place together. And we will consistently do that to make sure that we are optimizing the right level of return for our investors, and we can win in the marketplace and deliver the innovated value and technology to our clients to enable them to win and create competitive advantage. And that's what we're focused on overall, David.
Jim Kavanaugh: Sure, Jeff. No problem. Thanks for the question. So -- but actually both kind of clarification question, so let me just try to address it real quick and directly. Our as a Service -- first of all our cloud, our cloud business accelerated in the quarter. First quarter, we grew 12% overall at constant currency that comes up mid single digits in the fourth quarter. If you look at our as a Service business within that, our as a Service business now has an annualized exit run rate of 11.7 billion and that's up mid-teens. I think 15% if I remember correctly. And that is down quarter-to-quarter, but Jeff I would tell you that's due to normal seasonality and also as we talked about in the fourth quarter, there were specific project milestones that we achieved in our AMS business that drove that our AMS business to a 4% growth in the fourth quarter, we said that would normalize back down to about flat. So when you take a look at normal seasonality from fourth quarter to first quarter, and you take into account to catch-up of those project milestones as we continuously improve our service delivery quality that was expected from our perspective and we see that continue momentum building throughout the year as we move forward with the value of our offerings and proposition. And just a clarification question, on backlog. Backlog is down 2% at constant currency. I stated that GBS signings grew, and we have continued momentum in the backlog overall it did not make a comment about that. But I give you some color around the dynamics of the backlog as our GBS business as we architected our offerings and you see a play out in consulting our backlog is moving to a much short duration, higher faster yielding content with greater quality less erosion and its driving backlog realization and revenue momentum. Overall, I did not make a comment about GBS backlog overall.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thank you, Keith for the question. GBS overall, as I stated, we have very good momentum in the business. Coming throughout the second half of 2018 and into the first quarter where we grew 4% led by consulting up 9% and within that great growth in digital strategy, iX, -- excuse me, our cloud migration and implementation services. NextGen enterprise apps growing. So very good momentum overall. And again, we're coming off another quarter of growing signings, especially in small deals. So when we look at right in front of us we see pretty consistent performance. I think you said somewhere around 3%. Plus or minus, we see that right in front of us and if we continue as we stated winning in the marketplace and driving those signings in the second half is going to fuel backlog, it's going to fuel revenue, we feel pretty confident as you know we run multiples scenarios about our guidance, which by the way is on earnings per share and free cash flow but we feel pretty confidence that we got a strong hand here, our team that’s executing on the field and we're delivering real value to our clients and that’s why we're seeing the performance overall. The second question I think you asked if I remember correctly was around our services businesses and Red Hat. First and foremost we're very excited about the potential combination of IBM and Red Hat as we talked about I think in a handful of other areas around us accelerating the leadership in a $1 trillion hybrid cloud market. We believe this differentiates us as we move forward and we can’t be more excited when you look at Red Hat performance, exiting fiscal year 19 and what they reported and shared publicly, accelerating revenue up in the high teens, the backlog is up 22% if I remember correctly, strong margin contribution and they are delivering very strong cash flow. I think north of a billion dollars on operating cash but when you look at the services piece we're expecting synergistic effects across our portfolio of IBM and us leading this next-generation of hybrid cloud both in our software base of business but also services and when you take a look at services overall, we have spent a lot of time and I talked about this in the prepared remarks about re-architecting our offerings to enable our clients on their journey to cloud, and that spans everything from advising, to building, to moving, to managing. The journey for all of our clients from an enterprise perspective of really taking the 80% of the next phase of the mission-critical workloads to provide competitive vantage for them, so, we're going to have consulting based on synergistic effects, on strategy implementation, we're going to have cloud migration, app development. There's a whole slew of offerings that our teams are now armed with. And we are ready to go once we close this acquisition overall. So thank you all for very good questions. Let me wrap it up and just make a couple comments. We had a solid start to the year as I said and I firmly believe the fundamentals of our business model are playing out in terms of growth in key high-value areas like software and GBS, while delivering strong operating leverage across our business. We will continue this in the second quarter with revenue dynamics from 1Q to 2Q similar to last couple of years, which is about a sequential dollar increase of $900 million to a $1 billion. And as I said, we expect our second quarter to be about 22% of our full year EPS and that is right in line with what our last three years have been. So, from seasonality, you should expect pretty similar to history. This keeps us right on track for a full year expectations for earnings per share and free cash flow, and we will continue to take actions to plan for Red Hat acquisition and position this company for the longer term. So with that, I thank you for joining us today. We look forward to continuing the dialogue over the course of the year.
