Patricia Murphy: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM, and I’d like to welcome you to our First Quarter Earnings Presentation. I’m here today with Jim Kavanaugh, IBM’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get into the call I want to make you aware that the third party that host our event is having technical issue this afternoon. If you’re having trouble accessing the webcast, we provide an alternate link to the audio webcast just below as well as the PDF of the presentation that you can download and follow along with Jim’s comments. So with that I will get back to my standard opening comments. As usual, the prepared remarks will be available within a couple of hours, and a replay of the webcast will be posted by this time tomorrow. I’ll also remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the company’s filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website or from us in Investor Relations. Our presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You’ll find the reconciliation charts at the end of the presentation and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Patricia Murphy: Thank you, Jim. Before we begin the Q&A I’d like to mention a couple of items. First, we have supplemental charts at the end of the slide deck that provide additional information on the quarter. And second, as always, I’d ask you to refrain from multi-part questions. So operator, let’s please open it up for questions.
Patricia Murphy: Okay, we’ve covered a lot of topics today and we’re going a little long, so I’m going to take one last question, please.
Jim Kavanaugh: Katy, thank you for the question. So we’ll go in two parts, let me address storage first. As I stated in the prepared remarks we were disappointed in our storage performance especially after four quarters of growth, our 1Q fell below our own expectations but I’ll tell you we have a great team with a proven track record. This is the same team that has proven that they’ve revitalized the portfolio in the past, took market share for four consecutive quarters and now we had an impact in the first quarter predominantly just due to execution of transactions at the end of the quarter. This market in storage is continued to be very competitive and very aggressive. It is a battle right now on market share, but we feel comfortable that we’ve got new portfolio offerings that are coming out later in the year, as we get through the latter half of second quarter and then to third quarter and fourth quarter and we’ve already taken significant actions on how our routes to market and our economic equation will all of our channel partners are put in place and with that great team that has executed in the past. We have all the confidence in the world that we can get our storage business back to where it needs to be as we move forward in the second half of 2018. Now let me talk about your second question because as you stated, there are lot of dynamics that have played out this quarter. Many of which we talked about 90 days ago, so let me spend a couple minutes to unpack this because I think we should spend our time on fundamental underlying business performance when you take a look at our significant items that I talked about. So in January during our guidance, we talked about we would have a tax discrete and in this quarter and as I stated, it was $810 million. As I stated, the largest driver of this was the conclusion of the 2013 and 2014 US IRS audit. And I’ll remind you this reverses provisions previously taking in our tax rate in prior years and it’s non-cash. So in addition to that, we took actions around continuing to reposition our business to revitalize our skill base, the higher value [indiscernible], our systems cost structure over the long-term and as we continue to look for ways to make a more variabilized [ph] model versus fixed cost model. So as always we included the charges and the benefits in our operating results. But in order to understand the underlying dynamics and some of you have given me very good advice, we put in place a year-to-year bridge of our operating’s earnings per share to show you the implication of the net effect of those two events on a year-to-year basis. And as you saw in the chart, it was a headwind to us of $0.05 that we owe, had overcome. So without those impacts we improved the trajectory of our gross margin, our gross margin was down 30 basis points in my books that’s stabilization, we expanded our pre-tax margin, we had solid earnings per share growth and free cash flow growth and we delivered what we said in the quarter. Now in turns of savings, just wrapping it up, as you see we took about $610 million action to continue repositioning our business, we expect that to deliver 2x the investment and maybe a little bit more, on an annualized basis and we expect about half of that to be driven in second half of 2013. So I’ll tell you when you cut through it and you look at that operating earnings per share bridge year-to-year, we are focused on delivering consistent, operational performance in this business to deliver value to our clients and our shareholders as we move forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Yes, Toni. Thanks for the question. Pretty long question I’ll try to make sure I can answer each component. First of all as you stated, we did post revenue growth $19.1 billion up 5% at actual rates up modestly at constant currency which is you saw in the chart rounds to flat. And as I stated upfront, being transparent we fell short to our own expectations and I talked about storage already and I’m not going to repeat that. We have confidence in the team, we have confidence in the portfolio and we know we’re going to get back on the field and turn that business back to growth as we get into second half, but let just play out a little of the dynamics of our first quarter in the profile of our revenue. We had strong growth and let’s start with the strategic imperatives which are the signpost, of us capturing the value in the secular shift so we can lead in the high value IT segments moving forward which are instrumental to our overall financial model. Our strategic imperatives were up 15% at actual rates and up 10% at constant currency and on a trailing 12 months we’re at $37.7 billion, 47% of IBM. That trajectory if you just play that out, says we’ll deliver our $40 billion signpost before the end of 2018. Now unpacking that strategic imperative let’s talk about the fundamental drivers of that. One, our Cloud business. Our Enterprise Cloud continues to resonate from a strategy value prop and we’re continuing to gain momentum. Over the last 12 months $17.7 billion of revenue up 22% at actual rates or as a service component underneath that, $10.7 billion that’s up $400 million on an annualized exit run rate just from three months ago and it’s up 20% overall. And security we have a leadership market share position, we’re taking share, we’re up 66%, $3.4 billion. So I would tell you the underlying dynamics of how we changed our portfolio, we’re capitalizing on those secular shifts and we’re gaining market share overall. Now with regards to IBM’s model as we talked about a month ago, when I spent time with you in Las Vegas at our Investor webcast. Our model is 1% to 3% low single-digit. We have a composition of our portfolio that delivers revenue contribution, operating leverage to deliver that investment thesis of being a high-value base company delivering profit at mid-single-digit and high single-digit earnings per share and delivering free cash flow to deliver 70% to 80% back to our shareholders. So we feel confident that we’ve got the right portfolio lineup, we’re well on pace to deliver that $40 billion earlier than 2018 and we’ve got the right team in place to go execute. And now, just concluding you asked about disappointments, obviously when you look at our performance we said what we were going to do, we returned cognitive solutions back to growth coming off of fourth quarter flat, it grew 2% at constant currency and we had a great software quarter, return in analytics back to growth, after last quarter we talked about 90 days ago we were disappointed. So great work on that team and we continue to add momentum with regards to our security business and our industry verticals. Our services business, we talked about 90 days and improved backlog trajectory run out and you could see in our first quarter that has played out. Great improvement TS & CP [indiscernible] constant currency to down 80 points at constant currency and we’re making very good progress, we delivered double-digit signings growth and our backlog improved in TS & CP. GBS, we made modest improvement and that would be the second area that we got to pick up the rate and pace in addition to storage, we did improve the trajectory from down two to down one, we improved our backlog by growing signings again, but our backlog is still down 5%, but our backlog trajectory run out still points to improve in trajectory throughout the year and it should enable us to get to revenue growth in the second half of the year, if we continue to drive the quoted signings, to fuel the backlog, to fuel the revenue, so there’s a lot packed in there but I appreciate the question, Toni. Thank you.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thanks Steve for the question. As we discussed 90 days ago, we said that we would expect into 2018 that our ongoing underlying operating tax rate will be in the range of 16% plus or minus two points before discrete. I would tell you that still remains today, we executed on what we disclosed 90 days ago but expected tax discrete in the first quarter. But as you know these tax discretes by definition they’re unknown in timing and in scope. And we’re continuing to drive the tax optimization as you would expect of us because it’s a critical element of our underlying operating leverage in our company and our financial strategy, but right now I would fully expect 16% plus or minus 2% and as we move forward. And one last thing consistent to what I said 90 days ago is that on a full year basis, all in, we still expect tax to be a headwind.
Jim Kavanaugh: Tien-tsin, thank you very much. Yes we were definitely pleased with our signings performance in the quarter as I indicated, we delivered over $9 billion of signings up double-digits and up across each of our businesses and that has positioned our backlog now at $120 billion and that’s up 4% and I would argue 4% at actual rates is right way looking at backlog because that’s what’s going to play out as time goes on at current spot rates. So we’re pleased with that overall, but the underpinnings when you get underneath signings and backlog. In GTS, we grew signings 20% year-over-year with over 40% in cloud and in our infrastructure services our outsourcing business backlog is now about a point better than where it was a quarter ago and we improved our overarching GTS backlog quarter-to-quarter and as I talked about March 8 at the Investor Day webcast. Remember we’ve kind of held our outsourcing backlog pretty consistent over a decade and now we change and capitalize on the secular shifts and about 40% of that underlying backlog now sits in strategic imperative areas of which cloud makes up the biggest piece and the other important point around signings I will talk about is, when you look at the good growth in signings we had in the first quarter, over 40% of that was driven by cloud based signings. So we’re capitalizing or winning and we’re improving the trajectory of our business. Now let me talk a little bit about margin because I spent on the last answer. The substantial trajectory improvement we saw quarter-over-quarter 200 basis points in GBS and 150 basis points in TS & CP. The way I like to look at these margins as we spent the last two earnings calls, I look at the fundamental drivers of how you operate that business both from a human capital base perspective you got to drive scale efficiency, you got to drive mix through value and price, you got to drive productivity, your fundamental human capital and then as you get operating leverage, you should be able to get, growth through operating leverage. So [technical difficultly] work to do going forward but based on the trajectory and the actions we took to reposition our business that makes me comfortable stating that in the second half our services margins will be accretive.
Jim Kavanaugh: So let’s talk about this. So again guidance of maintaining at least the $13.80 and as we talked about, there is always many scenarios – team, we drive them like crazy here in a very sharp period of time to get ready for this call, but we look at the trajectory of our business, we look at all of your operational indices and that positions how we can triangulate around the guidance that we give externally across our financial model strategy we talked about in Investor Day. Revenue contribution that is growth mix scale and around operating leverage that is productivity and that is as we get that growth what’s that operating leverage we’re going to get on human capital. So it positions both top line and around margin, so let me just give you a perspective of what we see underpinning the $13.80 in terms of gross margin. 1Q as you talked about we printed all in down 70 basis points. If you exclude the significant items so that you can understand the underlying trajectory of our business going forward our margins were down 30 basis points, that’s coming off fourth quarter being 140, in my book that’s stabilization that’s what we guided to in first quarter and that’s what we delivered. Now with that trajectory improvement that we saw being base of a cost continuing to get scale, continue to get improvements and productivity which we miss by the way, if you remember our discussions 90 days ago and around mix, we do see that trajectory improvement to move forward, but our full year guidance only requires stabilization of margin. And the actions we took in the first quarter I will tell you positions us better than what I said here 90 days ago. On how we can deliver the fundamental dynamics across multiple scenarios of delivering at least at $13.80 and if you play out those drivers since you asked. First, we’re going to continue to invest capital to build out our enterprise cloud and build on that momentum and as a service and we’re going to continue getting scale efficiencies. We made significant investments historically that is been a headwind to us and we are minimizing that headwind every single quarter as we get scale efficiencies and I expect that to continue. Second as I just talked about the increased yield and services productivity, we expect that to play out. Workforce optimization, mix of higher value and capturing price, infusing AI and automation on our deliver platforms. We expect that to play out and deliver significantly in the second half. Now both of these pieces, the efficiency and the productivity and scale out are required because we all know as we enter the second half we have a significant headwind on mix because we’re not counting on more than a typical mainframe cycle. Our mainframe, we’re very pleased with the performance so far program the date, were above our prior program, we’re capitalizing on secular shifts with the value of our pervasive encryption and blockchain, but it would not be prudent right now to predict or to predicate our $13.80 guidance on breaking a mainframe cycle so that mixed headwind is facing us in the latter half of 3Q and 4Q and we need to overcome it with the scale out efficiencies and with the increased productivity and based on the actions we took in the first quarter, to better reposition our business for the long-term. I feel more confident than I did 90 days ago.
Jim Kavanaugh: Thank you, Mark. I appreciate the question. I would tell you we’re seeing that already. I mean the secular shifts that have happened in the market place and are happening and will continue to happen are right in front of us and that’s why I thought it was very interesting and why we shared some of the signpost data about our outsourcing composition and our backlog and how we’ve been able to maintain it over a decade long period while continuing to capture those secular shifts in cloud. Today as we exit first quarter total backlog of $120 billion, our outsourcing backlog is somewhere around that $80 billion number and within that our shift to cloud is somewhere in the neighborhood of 25% to 30% already that is providing us tremendous scale efficiency as we leverage in the 58 and actually I think now we’re north of 60 cloud data centers around the world and we’ll continue to differentiate ourselves as we move forward. So we have been focused, I think it’s in attestation to the value of incumbency, the value of trust and we talked about the differentiators about our innovated technology, about our deep industry expertise and about the trust and security of our clients, our GTS business are managing the critical workflows and critical business processes of our clients and as they looked for efficiency in delivering a new model around cloud, we’re actually capitalizing on that as we move forward. So not only it would help our revenue, it will help at the end of the day our margin and our scale efficiencies as we go forward.
Jim Kavanaugh: Okay, David. Thank you very much for your question. So let me address the second one first because I think that’s a short answer. As I stated both in the prepared remarks and the Q&A we expect the annualized savings to be 2X the investment we’d get about half in the second half so obviously yes that also strategically positions us for the first half plus going forward into 2019 because remember we took these actions to better reposition our business for the long-term and what’s required to continue to generate and create client value and shareholder value as we move forward, so that’s the first question. The second, that’s why I specifically with regards to your wrap around fourth quarter mainframe etc. that’s why I specifically walked through the margin dynamics of what we see playing out throughout the year. We realize and I think it’s prudent based on what we’ve done with our guidance of at least $13.80 we know we got a mixed headwind. Now believe we got in entire mainframe team in 170 countries around the world that are driving like crazy to deliver the value to our clients to make this a secular shift versus cyclical, we’ll put that aside for right now that’s for tomorrow, as we go drive the operational execution being 17 days already into the second quarter. But we do see scaled efficiencies based on the momentum trajectory of our cloud business and as the service, we see productivity played out very nicely for us in the first quarter and with the actions we took in the first quarter, it positions us for the second half as we move forward to get our services business to accretive margins to help us overall and lastly, when you take a look at it, we return our cognitive solutions back to revenue growth to our top line that carries high profit, high value based activity, we expect that trajectory to continue and again that backlog run out is playing out and we got to just continue to drive the signings, to few of that backlog to get revenue on the second half and we feel comfortable with that. Now with that, let me wrap up the call. By again saying, we’re very pleased with the start of the year. We gave you guidance 90 days ago. We said we’d deliver at least $13.80, 17% to 18% we delivered at the high end of that earnings per share guidance of 17% to 18%. We made substantial progress across many parts of our business. We took significant actions to reposition the long-term position of our company and we are on track to deliver our full year objectives of at least $13.80 and deliver revenue growth at current spot rates, stable margins which is all we need to deliver that $13.80 and free cash flow of at least $12 billion. The first quarter was in [indiscernible] of that, we delivered revenue growth, we delivered operating profit growth, we delivered free cash flow growth, we delivered earnings per share growth, all in. and that positions us now as we’re focused, as I’ve started this call on delivering consistent operational execution in this business as we move forward. So thank you all for joining the call.
