Mark Loughridge: Well, let's look at some of the dynamics that we have in our services business. First of all, when you look at it from a backlog perspective, a really strong backlog quarter for us. Now at a $144 billion, up $15 billion year-to-year, and if you look at that balance on backlog growth, it was pretty strong on both sides, so 11% backlog growth. Within that, though, I'd like to point out that we really had strong performance in GMU. So if you break down that backlog growth in total, up $15 billion, about $7 billion was in major markets, but $8 billion of that $15 billion was in the growth markets. So growth market backlog is now about 20% of the total and over the last 2 years, it's doubled -- it's up 50%, excuse me. So within that 50%, then you look at the margin content, the margin content for Total Services in GMU was 2 points richer than we see in the major markets. So frankly, underneath those dynamics we're seeing real strength as we move into growth markets with a lot of opportunity that comes at good margins given the capability that we bring to the table. If you look overall in the services business, now looking towards the second half of the year, we expect to see yield off of that workforce rebalancing that we did have in the second quarter. And with the yield off that plus the ongoing momentum, because frankly, without that restructuring, workforce rebalancing charge, we had 10% profit growth in services in the second, balance of the 10% revenue. Now getting the yield off that momentum in the second half, we should see margin expansion and double-digit profit growth from our services business. So I think we've got a pretty strong hand, and I would like to reemphasize how encouraging we've seen the performance in GMU.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. So if you look at it, as you know, as we detailed the business model going through to 2015, within that roadmap, we're looking for a margin expansion on a net income basis, and we're looking for a kind of magnitude of say, 0.3, 0.4 point. In the second quarter, in fact, if you exclude the workforce rebalancing, and within the quarter it was about $175 million, that's up about 160 year-to-year with the bulk of that in the services part of the business, without that effect in the second quarter, we were, in fact, 0.3 point margin expansion on net income. If you take it to the first half, then the first half was expansion of 0.2 point, and without the second quarter restructuring, alone, we would have been up by 0.5 point. Now, again, going into the back half of the year, we'll see some yield against that restructuring. But I feel pretty confident that the margin performance we're seeing in the business is going to be improved as we go into the second half of the year. And frankly, the run rate underneath our performance, I think, is right on the model. So I think it's simply a matter of the workforce rebalancing charges, Toni.
Mark Loughridge: Yes. Well, we had really positive performance, as you pointed out, Ben. Financial services, up 17% at actuals. That's the fifth consecutive quarter of positive growth for the financial services sector. And I'd add, when you look at that performance, big placements around the world. The financial services sector is certainly not just deploying by major market participation, some of our biggest banking customers now are, frankly, in the growth markets. Some indicators of that, let's look at the 68 new customers that we brought to the zSeries platform since we introduced zEnterprise, 1/3 of those 68 are in the growth markets. So I think we've got real momentum in the financial services sector. It's a strong play for us. But I would expand that a little bit. We didn't just have strong performance in the financial services sector, up 17%. GB, General Business, was up 16%. Our overall communication sector was up 16%. Those 3 alone account for almost 2/3 of IBM's business. So if you look at the volume of business that we have, exiting the second quarter, we've got real momentum across those largest sectors.
Mark Loughridge: Well, let's -- when you look at it on a Total Services basis, we were about 3% constant currency in the first quarter, 2% constant currency in the second quarter. I don't know if I'd call 1% change in the trajectory a deceleration. But if you look forward, really, I would now go back to where we see our sales competitively in our backlog performance. And the backlog performance, once again, we had strong backlog in total, up $15 billion, that's 11% growth, but the transactional backlog was up 16% and the outsourcing backlog was up 9%. Now all of those have different contract lengths and extend over a multiple time periods, but I think it puts us in a pretty good position as we go forward. Now within that, I want to remind ourselves as we look at that performance, the business model is to drive profitability growth, and the GBS business did a great job on profit growth in the quarter. In fact, if you look at Total Services again, adjusting for workforce rebalancing is up 10%, we see that services engine going forward generating double-digit profit growth in the second half. I would also point out that the real mission that we're looking for from our GBS organization, our consulting organization, is to lead our key growth plays. We've already talked about the growth that we've seen in GMU. But I want to reiterate, a big part of their job is to drive that ongoing momentum in Smarter Planet. Smarter Planet was up 50% in the first half. If you look at business analytics, we're up more than 20% in the first half. Cloud computing, we've done as much work in cloud in the first half of this year as we did all of last year. So they are driving that momentum, that's a big play for the IBM Corporation. GBS is on their model on a profitability basis, and we see that yield from the second quarter restructuring moving into margin expansion in the second half.
Mark Loughridge: Yes. Well, Chris, that's a really, really good question. Let me give you an answer on it, but I want to start with kind of the operational aspects of movements in currency. So when you see movements in currency, especially when you see sustained movements over longer periods of time, the competition adjusts, the marketplace adjusts. We use some of that advantage, especially in consecutive quarters of a weakening dollar, to improve our position competitively at the table and, essentially, pass some of that currency advantage to our customers. And I want to keep that operational aspect of competing in a global business in mind as we go through this explanation. When we do the calculation of currency, that's a straight mathematical analysis, translational impact netted for the hedge. When we do that analysis, that really kind of defines the theoretical maximum that currency would be. I don't think it's that much. I know in my business work, when I was pricing PCs, we were adjusting special bids for changes in currency every single day. And we're doing that because competition was doing the same at the table and rolling some of that advantage into their price point to win the business. So if you take that simple mathematical calculation and remember that, that's a theoretical maximum netted for the hedge, that's about $300 million. Now within the quarter, we also had a unique event with the amount of restructuring that we had. Again, $175 million. If you net those 2, the difference of that theoretical maximum on currency netted for restructuring, that's about $125 million. So now with that $125 million in mind, let's return to the operational example I gave of how much is really a pass-through to your customer set to win the deal at the competitive table. Is it 20%? How much benefit did we get on the revenue line? It was about $1.7 billion. Did we pass 20% of that through? Did we pass 30%? Would you pass 1/2 through? I mean, we see it not only in transactional businesses, but we see it in annuity business over sustained periods of time as well. Well, frankly, just to kind of bookend the argument, all you'd need is about 5% to 10% at that $1.7 billion theoretical maximum to be pass-through to your customer set, and that adjustment, alone, would mitigate all of that net benefit of currency relative to a restructuring. If it was more than that 5% to 10%, in fact, the net effect would have been a hurt to the P&L within the period. So I think it's -- Chris, a long answer, but it really is the way currency rolls out, and there are real operational aspects of that, that we need to consider as we analyze the effect.
Mark Loughridge: Sure. Well, if you look at the software businesses, as you know, as we ran through that business in 2010, we had a lot of acquisition content. In fact, we did 17 deals for well over $6 billion. It was really one of our largest years ever on a dollar amount and on a number of deals. So -- and the bulk of those, the majority of those deals, all flowed into software. So software had a lot of work to integrate these businesses into those key plays that we're running. When we do that integration, we're adding resource, we're adding expense for the integration. We're building those teams to grow those deals. So actually, that acquisition integration process was the biggest element in analyzing the margins for the software business. Now I'd reiterate -- I mean, software grew their profitability at 12%, so that was a very strong case to begin with. But as we look at -- going into the second half and we start to yield the growth rates against the software acquisitions, we expect to see margin expansion in the software business on top of the revenue performance. And one point I would also add is the software acquisition based in the second quarter, they did a great job, a great job.
Mark Loughridge: Well, when you look at it overall, I mean as we've pointed out in the script, it's just quite remarkable, I think, that since beginning of 2009, we're talking about 2,300 customers, $2.3 billion of business that we pulled away from our competition, with 60% of that Oracle and 30% Hewlett-Packard. We've had growth in the UNIX business now for 2 quarters in a row, 8% in the first quarter, 5% in the second quarter, all of that growth was driven by IBM. And if you look underneath it, not only are we gaining very good key pSeries performance, from strong deals with the major markets, but boy, we're getting really strong performance in growth markets. So within the growth markets, we're expanding that platform into new customer sets. So I think the pSeries is going to be an ongoing source of strength. And when you kind of divide it down by the elements, we had more than 20% growth in the high end of pSeries, the entry model pSeries, I mean that more than doubled year-to-year. So it's a pretty strong play. It's going very well in the marketplace. And I think we've done a good job versus competition, but we've also done a good job as we expand that marketplace, especially in growth markets.
Mark Loughridge: Well, we, as you pointed out, I mean, we had a really powerful quarter in our mainframe. I mean, goodness gracious, when you're up 61%, I mean that's a pretty powerful quarter in the mainframe business. And as you look at those mainframe new customers that we've brought to the platform was zEnterprise, I mean 68 new customers. That's 68 new flags we planted that are going to be a source of business on financing and software, services, all down the road, so it is a very good indication. Now it's not that different from a typical mainframe cycle, the front end of the mainframe cycle defined by new placements and new placement growth as we go into the back half of the cycle. It's more defined by microcode upgrades, less revenue, but more profit margin performance. As we go into the second half of the year, we do start to wrap on that substantial performance that we saw out of the mainframe last year. But for the overall momentum that we see in the STG business across pSeries, which grew 12%; xSeries up 15%; Storage up 10%; Total Services up 20%, we see, again, double-digit profitability from our hardware business in the third quarter. And a difficult comparison going on to fourth quarter, albeit, but a very, very strong year from the unit.
Mark Loughridge: As I look at the momentum that we're seeing across the software business, we do have advantages in the marketplace that I believe are playing out. First of all, we don't go to the marketplace with just the software business. It's a very strong, robust software business, but it has this terrific linkage into our GBS consulting business and terrific linkages into the hardware business. So we now can advance those key strategic themes. And those strategic themes are really important to our ongoing business equation. So what we're really focused on is how we're driving software through those key plays of Smarter Planet, business analytics, cloud computing, acceleration in these new opportunity spaces. Underneath the software, again, the way I would look at this, software now has the opportunity to continue to expand of the new placements, the new flags that we have planted on a global basis in our hardware base of business. So it's not as if the minute you close that hardware deal, all your software rolls into the account. That software rolls in over time, and it has opportunity from those new placements. Our real focus is on driving those key strategic plays consistent with our 2015 roadmap.
Mark Loughridge: Well, let's -- I do feel that we're in a more stable position in Europe. The growth rate in Europe went from 2% to 3%. Within that, we returned to growth in Germany. We returned to growth in Italy. We've got some very strong plays in Europe. Our business, though, is a business of resources and capability, and we're constantly refining that mix of capability through workforce rebalancing. That's simply a part of our business model and the ongoing equation, and that will continue through all businesses and all years, I think.  So let me take this opportunity now to just make a few comments as we wrap up the call. So this quarter, we continued our strong performance. Revenue growth at 12% was driven by our transaction businesses, with hardware and software, both up 17%. We had fantastic performance across our growth initiatives, Smarter Planet, business analytics and cloud, and, of course, our growth market countries, which were up 13% and grew 10 points faster than the major markets. We delivered 18% growth in operating EPS this quarter and 19% for the first half.  We're exiting the second quarter with a lot going for us, a strong systems portfolio, continued momentum in software, growth in services backlog with a lot of opportunity in growth markets, momentum in all of our key growth plays and a very strong balance sheet. We've taken our expectations for operating EPS up to at least $13.25. That's up $0.25 since January.  So as IBM enters its second century, we have our eye on delivering performance over the long term. And the first half of 2011 is a good start towards at least $20 of EPS in 2015.  So thanks for joining us, and now, as always, it's back to work.
