Arvind Krishna: Thank you, Erik, for the question. Let me start off by just -- we feel very good about the Red Hat business, and we see very strong demand continuing. That said, we had said late last year that we expect growth in Red Hat to be in the upper teens. We continue to make that expectation. It's what we are going to continue with. Erik, I think I heard you start to say deferred revenue. That accounts for the bulk of what has been the difference in the growth rates and coming down from last year to this year, and I'll let Jim add a bit of color on to that. 
Arvind Krishna: Toni, let me start by first addressing the $35 billion free cash flow question, and then I'll hand it to Jim. We are absolutely committed to our $35 billion total free cash flow cumulative over '22 through '24. And we still see very good signs, and we have confidence in delivering that number. And so with that, you said the bridge to that and then the 2Q to 3Q dynamics, I'll hand it to Jim for those. 
Arvind Krishna: Great. So Wamsi, let me address the first part of your question. We had very balanced performance in constant currency across geographies and actually across the different businesses. Now because of currency, the actual performance will be different in different geographies, but double-digit performance in the Americas, in Europe as well as in Asia Pacific.  Jim laid out the numbers on the different business performances. He talked about at constant currency, 12% in software, 18% in consulting, 19% in infrastructure. Those are really strong performances, I believe. As we go forward, you should expect to see us maintain, and we said, we talked about we'll remain in the mid-single digits on software. We will get towards the low end of double digits in consulting, which is actually up from our previous high single-digit margin, and infrastructure will benefit from the Z cycle. So all in, that's very balanced across the portfolio and across the geographies, and that then contributes towards our confidence in the revenue profile for the rest of the year. 
Arvind Krishna: Okay. So Keith, a lot to unpack in that question. If I look at our pipelines, our pipelines are remaining pretty healthy. So I would tell you that right now, what we are seeing is that the second half at this point, looks pretty consistent to the first half. When we look at our pipelines, whether it's in Red Hat or mainframe software or Automation, Data & AI, Security and by geography.  So this is a little bit different, which is why you've heard me often say I'm a bit more optimistic than many of my peers, both within the industry and across the board because we see that technology, and Jim has also said this as of I, is deflationary. So in an inflationary environment when clients take our technology, deploy it, leverage our consulting. It acts as a counterbalance to all of the inflation and all of the labor demographics that people are facing all over the globe. So that is the reason on software.  Second, on consulting correlated to the economic cycle, and maybe we see much less of that this time around because of the nature of our consulting. If you look at it, a lot of our consulting is around deploying back-office applications, critical applications, supply chain resilience, worrying about cash conversion, worrying about optimization of our -- of the costs within our clients. Those tend to get more attention actually in, I'll call it, at least a slight down cycle. They're not.  Third, Look, consulting is very labor-based. Jim talked a lot about the demand and the supply. But to be completely clear, in a business where you do hire tens of thousands of people because of the scale of it, you do churn in the neighborhood of tens of thousands each year. That gives you an automatic way to hit a pause in some of the profit controls because if you don't see the demand coming, you're going to slow down your supply side. And it -- you get kind of at least a 10% to 20% impact that you can pretty quickly control, not in a given month, but certainly within a half year or thereabouts.  On M&A, actually, I'll say it before Jim will. We have said that our model is about 1 point to 1.5 points each year based on M&A. And if you look at last year, that was pretty consistent. If you look at this year, look, the year is not over, but you should expect it to stay in that range. And it's a mix between consulting acquisitions and software acquisitions, and the multiples that we've been getting them at still imply that range. So I think we'll give you that answer, and we expect it to stay there.  So let me wrap up the call. So let me just say, we are very pleased with our solid first half performance. As we look to the second half, we are going to focus on the execution of our strategy, delivering sustained revenue and free cash flow growth. And I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes, Erik, thanks. Just building on what Arvind said, 17% growth overall, taking share both in our core RHEL but also in our hybrid cloud platform-centric foundation, Red Hat OpenShift. By the way, Red Hat OpenShift, 4.5x now the revenue pre-acquisition. We had very strong bookings overall in Red Hat here in the quarter. Large deals were up 50%. Red Hat OpenShift bookings were up over 50%, which positions us very well with our backlog and a strong NRR. So we feel pretty good about our Red Hat portfolio overall.  Arvind indicated, our model is high teens. We delivered on that in the quarter. And by the way, the deferred revenue, we talked about entering January this year that, that was going to lessen throughout the year. And we're pretty much through that. I mean there's some small round-up here in the third quarter, but that's pretty much behind us. And remember, we're 3 years into this acquisition right now. and we couldn't be more pleased as we move forward. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes, Amit, thank you very much. So let's take a moment to go through this because I think it's very important when you look at our 2 key measures of success. You talked about it. Revenue growth Arvind's put in place to run this company and free cash flow growth.  We started out the year guiding at $10 billion to $10.5 billion. And now coming through the first half, we have now moved it to the low end of that guidance at about $10 billion.  Before I get into the puts and takes at the heart of your question, let's take a step back and put this into perspective. That $10 billion of free cash flow is growing $3.5 billion year-to-year, and it's even growing north of $2 billion against our 2021 IBM post-separation baseline that we gave to all of our investors. Remember, we're very transparent on the revenue growth of the Kyndryl contribution, and we have given each of you the pro forma baseline. But on either case, that is very strong free cash flow growth overall.  There's 2 pieces that I talked about in the summary of the prepared remarks. Number one, given the unfortunate humanitarian crisis in the war in Russia, we made the right decision to exit that business here in the second quarter. And that was a very highly profitable business for us, and that's going to cost a couple -- $100 million worth of free cash flow and profit, by the way, in 2022. The second is what's been happening with the rate and pace of the U.S. dollar appreciation. And that right now, we are not immune to that as we move forward.  But let me talk a little bit about the go-forward free cash flow. We achieved $3.3 billion through the first half. That is actually slightly above our historical attainment over the last 5 years. And when we look at the second half, we see continued revenue growth. We see continued operating leverage out of our business. We've had good performance on our working capital management here through the first half. And given the volume dynamics and now our mainframe cycle, which we got off to a good start, should provide leverage. And then as I talked about in January, we do have a modest cash tax headwind -- or excuse me, tailwind for the year. So that kind of wraps up free cash flow overall. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes. Thanks, Toni. If you go back to what I said in the prepared remarks, we typically -- I think the number is actually about $1 billion sequentially in revenue, Toni, overall. But we've actually given pretty explicit guidance on third quarter. We said that we were going to be all in high single digit at constant currency here in the second quarter. So let me address your question from that dynamic because we gave -- we've given that explicit quarter-to-quarter and what's going to happen to constant currency total revenue.  So if you look at second quarter, we delivered mid-teens. By the way, I wouldn't make the point -- that is the strongest constant currency growth that we've had in 20 years in this company, well above our mid-single-digit model and an acceleration from second quarter. By the way, acceleration in revenue growth, acceleration in operating profit margin of 420 basis points and acceleration in free cash flow. But if you look at constant currency, we're going from mid-teens in second quarter to high single digit. Let me call that 9% to 10%. That's about 6 points worth of what I'll call "deceleration." Two points right off the bat is coming from our health care software asset divestiture. We closed that at the end of June.  That's about $200 million a quarter. That's 2 points of the 6. The remaining 4 points is the dynamic of us for the first time in 20 years coming out with a new mainframe cycle in a highly-seasonal transactional quarter of second quarter. We did extremely well. Remember, 90 days ago, we took up our second quarter revenue guidance by $200 million versus the normal seasonality. We actually beat that in the second quarter.  Now when you look at second half and get into third quarter, I think it's imprudent in this environment for us only to guide at what a normal cycle would be. And given the normal cycle, that's going to cost us about 4 points in a 2Q to 3Q given the announcement in the second quarter. And I'll wrap it up just saying that, Toni, I talked about upfront that we still see 40% to 60% SKU in our operating profit for the year. That hasn't changed since January. This is really a dynamic between the third quarter and the fourth quarter now given how we announced the new Z cycle, which we're very excited about here in the second half. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes, Wamsi, thanks for the question. Let me give you a step back from an overall perspective, and then I'll come into the third quarter. We maintained the guidance to your question about high single-digit -- or excuse me, high end of our mid-single-digit revenue growth before the incremental Kyndryl contribution for the year. Arvind just went through the portfolio dynamics of that.  By the way, the currency change that now we expect about 6 points impact beyond that constant currency strong performance, that went up from about 3 to 4 points 90 days ago. So that's about $1.5 billion. I've seen some people quoting $3.5 billion. It's about $1.5 billion overall change from what we said here in April. But with that revenue growth, we expect about $10 billion of free cash flow and operating profit margins up a strong 350 basis points year-over-year.  When you look at that by segment, we really haven't changed our software segment. We feel pretty comfortable and confident in our first half trajectory that we're still going to grow mid-single digit overall in software, operating margins approaching mid-20s. Remember, that's 5 to 6 points of an operating margin. Infrastructure segment, we still think, given the product cycle dynamics, it will be well in excess of its model and have operating margins around mid- to high teens. And then consulting, we see strong demand in consulting. We took up our model on revenue growth 90 days ago, and now that's low double digit. And our margin now, we took down to [ $9 billion ] to [ $10 billion ]. That's the one change that's happening.  And what we're seeing is it's taking longer for our price optimization to play through to our margin. We still expect margin increase year-over-year for the full year between that [ $9 billion ] and [ $10 billion ] absolute PTI. And that will actually be -- as we wrap on easier comparison in the second half, that will be some nice margin accretion here in our consulting business in the second half overall.  Now third quarter, similar to how I answered Toni's question on revenue growth overall, our operating margins are typically flat quarter-to-quarter. When you look at the dynamics of mainframe coming out for the first time in 20 years in a highly-seasonal transactional quarter and you look at then a prudent guidance on the third quarter, that is about a 4-point margin impact. And by the way, our third quarter, we guided to be up 2. So when you look at the dynamics, it's entirely even more so driven by the mainframe dynamics. And to your question, Wamsi, that comes back to us here in the fourth quarter, so we'll just have a very different SKU given the new introduction in the second quarter. 
James Kavanaugh: Sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. Great question. So let's take a minute here to go through this, right? We continue -- I'm going to start with the demand side of the equation because in a human capital-based business, the way we manage this is our source of cost, our value ROI indicators, the human capital to go drive that demand and capture it. So we continue to see a strong demand profile, and we're capturing it by raising our guidance here and seeing the accelerated consulting performance in the quarter, up 18%, by the way, on a plus 8% last year overall. So I think that's driven by what Arvind has been talking about, and that is the value of technology being a sustainable competitive advantage in this environment as clients in every industry are moving and accelerating their digital transformation and journey in the cloud.  Consulting is also a very integral part to our hybrid cloud platform thesis. I've talked every quarter about being the tip of the spirit to drive the scale adoption of our hybrid cloud platform and pull through IBM's technology overall. So we saw this. If you remember, dial back a year ago, we were entering second half '21 in a very different dynamic coming off of the pandemic. And I think Arvind was very explicit about the demand indicators that we saw that we were going to take a conscious strategy to now I'm on your supply side to invest in skills and capabilities, in ecosystem expansion and in acquisitions because we saw the robust demand growth that was going to be out there.  And I think we've been capitalizing on that growing consistent double digit. And by the way, another solid signings quarter with the trailing 12-month book-to-bill north of 1.1, we feel pretty good even as we enter the second half. But you take that conscious strategy of driving incremental skill capability capacity on the supply side and then you couple that with a highly-inflationary environment that started to play out in the second half, and you see that, that's been impacting our gross profit margins.  And we talked about as we came into 2022 that we were going to go take the appropriate actions around our price optimization but that, that would take time to get rolled through our P&L, and that's what we kind of expect in the second half of this year. So when we look at all in, demand still see solid. The supply side of the equation, we've been optimized with a very disciplined, strategic investment process. And when we look at second half, we are looking at: one, easier comps; two, scaling the acquisitive accretion of our acquisitions, where actually we saw some good green shoots here in the second quarter; three, getting effective increase in utilization of our capacity; and four, price optimization continue to play through. So we saw nice improvement in our price margins that will play out in the second half as we move forward. So hopefully, that gets you a little perspective. 
James Kavanaugh: Okay, Kyle. Thank you. I'll take this, Arvind. Let me spend a few minutes on currency since it seems to be a theme here across the questions and really how we manage it within our business and how it impacts our business model. So while we have a robust hedging program, as I indicated earlier, we're not immune over the long term, the currency impacts, especially when currencies move at the rate, breadth and magnitude that we've seen.  Let me give you some stats as we've been going through here in the month of June and the early part of July. One, the U.S. dollar index is up 13% year-to-date, a 20-year high against the euro, 25-year high against the yen. The velocity of the strengthening is the sharpest that we've seen in over a decade. And it's been a broad-based dollar story, as you all know. All the currencies we hedge, over half of them are down double digits against the U.S. dollar this year. So it's kind of, I would say, "unprecedented" in what we've seen in the rate, the breadth of magnitude.  Now to your question, Kyle. Our business profile, we operate in 170 countries around the world. That's in excess of over 100 currencies. The strong dollar definitely has an impact. And to your point, from an absolute revenue profile, I would agree with you completely. It even makes our constant currency revenue growth guidance even stronger in us capturing what's happening in the marketplace with regards to that acceleration of digitization and transformation and journey to cloud.  But our robust hedging program, there's 2 important points I'd like to make. Number one, we don't hedge 100 currencies. One, it's not economically viable; and two, you can't hedge revenue per GAAP accounting. You can only hedge where you have cash proxies in countries. So we only hedge, give or take, about 35 currencies around the world out of the 100 plus that we're in. And also important, if not more important, we only hedge 12 months out. We don't do multiyear hedging in this business. We're not speculative.  So when you look at the lasting relevance of a U.S. dollar appreciation, eventually, what hedging does is, it mitigates volatility in the near term. It does not eliminate currency. It allows you time to address your business model for price, for source, for labor pools and for cost structures.  Now also important, and this is where you see the dynamics playing out in our business model. Currency impacts a human capital-based business, very different than a product-based business, and I've talked about this many times over the years. In a human capital-based business, if you think about it, a large portion of your cost structure is a natural hedge because it's in local currency. Very different in a product-based business where a large portion of your cost structure is U.S. dollar-denominated. So as the dollar at rate and pace and magnitude appreciates, it has a disproportional impact on our high-value, product-based businesses, read that, software and infrastructure. And you saw that play on the second quarter at the gross margin level.  Remember, our hedges end up in expense. Gross margin, you see the revenue and the margin implications. So we understand how to manage currency. We have a robust hedging program in place. We've taken the appropriate cost structure and the appropriate pricing as we deal with that going forward, and you see all that taken into account in our guidance. 
James Kavanaugh: Yes, David, thank you very much for the question. At its core, we actually took some conscious strategy back in fourth quarter '20, if you remember. At the time, we announced the intent to spin off Kyndryl that we were going to try to get out in front of stranded costs. And as you see now, we've executed on additional portfolio actions with the divestiture and closure of our health care software assets across the board.  If you look at 2022, there's about $500 million to $600 million, $700 million, give or take, in that range around structural action cash charges that will still impact us. And by the way, that's embedded in our about $10 billion overall. So now when you think to the core of your question about how that [ then ] plays out for '23 and '24, that actually turns into tailwinds in '23 and '24 because we're depressed in our free cash flow guidance.  And again, I'll remind you, that's up $3.5 billion year-to-year and up over $2 billion against our post-separation baseline. That depresses 2022's free cash flow. And we get that return, not only on the cash charges that we won't have in 2023, but also on the incremental ROI of getting rid of that stranded cost as we move forward. So both pieces, it kind of gives you a double benefit as we move forward. 
