Mark Loughridge: Yes, let me take your first question Tony on the lower tax rate. The benefit of the lower tax rate in the quarter was $0.10. The benefit over the balance of the year will be another $0.05, so its $0.15. So we raised the guidance consistent with that tax rate benefit. And we view tax rate as an operational line item like any other.  And I'd add that as we look at our tax position, we see that extending into the 2015 roadmap. If you remember, the tax rate that we looked at an operational basis was 25.5% and we see that now closer to 25%. So, operational execution on optimizing our tax position not only for the year but extending into the 2015 roadmap. At $11.40, we were up 14%. That’s a very strong year, and it's against some very strong years historically. So if you look at it since announcing the road map at $11.40, and that’s an at least number, Tony, that's almost doubling the $6.05 that we quoted when we closed out 2006. I think the roadmap has been effective, I think it caps of the year at pretty strong position, and I think we got a very good play as we move into the fourth quarter.  So now let me go to your second question on quarterly signings. First of all, let's look at the shorter term content. In short-term signings, we are really pretty good. They are 4% and the GBS content was up 7%. So this is consistent with our expectations. As you saw, we had much better revenue performance this quarter of our GBS business. We expect that to continue as we go into our fourth quarter. The real issue is around outsourcing. Signings are down 14% but with the big deal on October 8th, this would have been up 14%. So now we are talking about eight days. Had this signed on the 30th, we frankly wouldn’t be having this conversation. And though the contract does have good yield in the quarter because a lot of that contract is absolutely new content that kicks in the fourth quarter, it's not an extension that the extension in the time-wise and an extension in scope that we get to [start quoting]. Initially about half of that is actually new content for us. The performance now that we get in the fourth quarter isn’t going to be any different whether we have signed it in September 30th, October 8th. And the reason it delayed out to October 8th was frankly pretty good reasons as we expanded scope and got lot more opportunity; very successful deal for us.  You know if you look at outsourcing dynamics overall, you see that at the beginning of the quarter the revenue is really driven more by backlog and signings are really just one input to backlog. In addition to duration mix of new versus extension, the mix of new within extension like the deal that I was discussing, erosion growth in the base here, there is a lot of content that goes in to that backlog, but it’s really backlog that establishes where you are going to be in that next quarter more than signings. I look at signing as an impact of that broader perspective not that the base driver. So going into the fourth there is really only by 5% to 6% of outsourcing revenue coming from new perspective signings. And it’s IBM that represents less than 1% of IBM’s profit. So if you look at the role the way I look at it for our outsourcing business, its big, its powerful; annuity base business provides real stability throws off a lot of profit in cash but it moves more slowly. You just don’t see big swings like you would in transactional businesses. So the signings number report has really very low impact on the revenue in near term and even less influence on profit. So it’s really that annuity characteristic or the portfolio over the longer term gives you a lot of time to deal with changing revenue dynamics and your game plan to exploit your opportunity of deals and we do have a strong deal list for outsourcing business going into the fourth quarter and add in addition to the large deal we signed on the 8th. We have the big Bharti deal in Africa that now expands into a new continent. But in the fourth quarter our performance, as we look forward, is going to continue to be driven by the more dynamic elements of our product portfolio and the transactional elements of the business like hardware which is up 11% in the third, software that was up 6%, consulting that was up 6%, North America consulting rose up 9%, and we expect to see those trends continue and if anything I think though GTS, GBS and hardware will probably be consistent growth rates of the fourth compared to third, I do think that we are going to see an acceleration in our software business and our software growth rate going in the fourth to the cap of a strong year.
Mark Loughridge: Yes, good question Ben, now if you look at the performance in the quarter let’s start with the major markets, in north America we are up 2%, that was improvement in the growth rate compared to the second quarter over point. In Europe we are up 1%, that was improvement of 2 points compared to the growth rate in the second quarter, Japan returned to growth for the first time in a long time. So the major markets did improve, there was lower rate of improvement compared to growth markets. The real slugger in the quarter was GMU, growth markets up 13%, that’s 4 points stronger than we had seen in the second quarter and that gives us a differential. Now to the major market are 12%, now we have been quoting that number for sometime, do you remember through 08’ and 09’ our growth markets were generally about 8 points plus or minus point better than major market performance but growth markets now 12 point better that’s very, very strong, BRICs up 26% they were nine points better then we saw in the second quarter. So, looking at that data I would have to conclude that one; we called the right play going after the growth markets with strong investment content lets play that opportunity and I think on the recovery basis you know the growth markets are simply out of the box faster than the majors. 
Mark Loughridge: Okay, well let’s talk about the Z series and P series content. You know Z series had a really strong quarter I mean Z was up 17% mix were up 54% that’s the highest level of mix growth we’ve had in six years out of our mainframe business, so very strong performance and I say as we look at the fourth we should have another very strong quarter for our Z series content, now we would have an entire quarter of availability. In addition we are going to announce the new system or systems of Z series get that gives you the ability to use mainframe governance and apply it to other technologies which will really position us for market leadership. So I think we’ve got a very exciting play on a Z series a basis and if you look at that to your later part of your question on a longest term kind of cycle they are really parts of the cycle on a Z series business the first four or five quarters are more structured around you know volume growth in base placement and then the ladder half of that cycle with micro code upgrades, less revenue but much higher profitability. So we should have to be able to exploit this over a longer period of time. We are quite excited about it I thought the results were really terrific. You look at the P series business I mean lets got to the content that was announced in Power7 in January, that’s now been available for times we could build our place in the market place it was up 11% in the third quarter much like the second quarter mid range P was up 11% very strong performance there.  If we look in the quarter about competitive displacements again we’re talking 250 customers, $225 million of business there so are continuing that strong position in the market. And as we now go into the fourth quarter with the full quarter of availability for the high end in the entry we should see an improvement in the overall growth rate for the total platform I mean you can expect that I think in the third quarter again we only had a couple of weeks of availability for both the high end and the entry. So I think we’ve got a very strong position and I would not limit it just to our Z series and P series content, we had strong performance out of our storage base, it was up 8% within that disk was up 14, 15% in disk you know going forward we had third quarter real strength with XIV real strength with our DSA 1000 now going into fourth we’ll announce our new store wide 7000 mid range system with a lot of new content from our research division so we are quiet excited about that as well.
Mark Loughridge: Well if you look at the pull through, there is a relationship as you establish more platforms for the software business and in some respects there is some relationship directly going into the fourth because in the fourth quarter as we look at the pipeline that deals in opportunity we see an acceleration in our software business going into the fourth. So I think there is a relationship, it’s a longer term kind of a relationship, but we will start to see improvements in our software business coming out of the third quarter which I frankly felt was pretty good at 6%. We said it was going to be 6%.When we closed out the second quarter we came in right on target and I expect the fourth to be a pretty good acceleration of that base.
Mark Loughridge: To answer your question I want to put it in context of the total model frame around the third quarter to better illustrate that. So if you look at the model, we were pretty clear I think at the Analyst Day that it’s going to be a combination of revenue performance, leverage from both mix and spend optimization as well as share repurchase and this quarter frankly on a revenue basis coming in at a 4% and remember that was impacted by about a point from PLM, I think we came pretty close to the model, right. I mean 4% one point impact PLM we had said, we were shooting at this at a more like a 5%, very close to the model. On a leverage standpoint what we were counting on, on a kind of an annual base that would compound over the model period was really about 4/10th of a point at net income and so you look at this quarter, I mean we have got 7/10th of a point of leverage at PTI and 1.1 points at net. So if you want to compare either pretax or net for objective of 4/10th we did very, very well. And of course we had a lot of momentum in our share repurchase well. So going forward we are very focused on long-term achievement of that 2015 model and that’s going to be a combination of ongoing attention to our revenue growth rate as the economies recover and we see the fruits of our labor to expand and GMU that was up 13% or in Business Analytics that was up double digit as well. Ongoing focus on driving for that 4/10th or 5/10th of a point improvement in our leverage and as always we pay trading a value to our shareholders to ongoing share repurchase and dividends.
Mark Loughridge: Well, my comments are really directed towards the confidence in my statement. Let me say it differently, it is really based on a pipeline of deals and the kind of characteristics of those deals that we see going in the fourth quarter. So we have a pretty darn good deal less as we do and that's going to drive both organic and inorganic performance in our software business. So as we look at it having recorded 6% in the second and 6% in the third, we think that should accelerate meaningfully as we go into the fourth quarter based on that pipeline of opportunities and the kind of progression of those deals and the characteristics of those deals.
Mark Loughridge: Well, the last thing I'm going to do is tell my competition where we're going to start hunting, right. So, I think that would probably not be good judgment on my part. But I think your point really is, what do we see as the opportunity set across this for in an accelerated kind of a pace and I would make a couple of comments there: Number one, if you look at since 2000 I believe we’ve spent about $33 billion. So, if we annualize that say $3.3 billion. So, do we think in the next five years or 10 years there is not going to be $4 billion a year. I mean I find that hard to believe. Number two, we are hunting just to use that terminology in a lot of different spaces and we did have a number of acquisitions in the software business. But I’d remind you we’ve had some very powerful acquisition performance in our hardware business. Now that performance if you look at the content we acquired, it really wasn’t left for property, but within the hardware content. So frankly XIV has turned it to be one of the best acquisitions we’ve done very, very strong performance on that low latency part of the market. De-duplication, that was a very strong place for us to acquire and they’ve had real synergies, not only within that business equation but for the rest of the organization. We now have broader plays cut across our segments that pull us into opportunities I think that have broader scope. And as always I remind of a point that we made at the Analyst Day. I mean intellectual property and the opportunity for acquisitions to have a meaningful impact on the business are not constrained to the borders of the US, right. This is a global opportunity set and the three acquisitions that we chose to highlight on Analyst Day, Cognos, ILOG, XIV, those are all acquisitions that we made outside the US borders. So I think it’s a pretty rich ongoing to save opportunities that as I said initially I think the last thing I'm going to do is start telling our competition where we're hunting.
Mark Loughridge: I got to say this is difficult to predict, its so deal dependant. You can see how much one deal can re-characterize a quarter and now we see big opportunities now in new growth markets and I don’t want to overemphasize it but we're quite excited about the new opportunity we see with Bharti in Africa. That does open up a new continent of opportunity for us. So, pretty deal dependent there and I really would not remark on significant changes driving different performances in the future.
Mark Loughridge: Well let's go through the revenue discussion first on the GTS business. The way I would look at it I think in the fourth quarter, we probably have a very similar rate of revenue growth that we had in the third. On GBS, I think will continue that ongoing higher way to growth that we saw in the third, looking at the deals they have, how they've lined up the resources, their investment in new resource to drive and continue growth and expansion in their organization. So I think they have a good platform for the fourth quarter and the growth rate should be again similar to what they saw in the third.  On a hardware standpoint, again I think the hardware group did a great job; revenue up 11%. Now that’s the best growth rate we’ve had from SNTG in six years, and I think that should continue at a pretty high rate of growth. So I think GTS, GBS, hardware going into the fourth will probably will have very similar growth rates we saw on the third. And I'd remind you on the GTS, that’s pretty big statement because the seasonally biggest quarter for our hardware is us. On the software growth however, I think that should accelerate as we go into fourth. And I think we should see some meaningful improvement in the growth rate, again based on the deals and the characteristics of the deals that we see in the fourth quarter.
Mark Loughridge: As I looked at the bookings and kind of the momentum we see in bookings on the transactional content I do think we have some ongoing momentum there that’s going to be consistent as we exploited over the opportunity. It’s going to be dependent on the outsourcing business on ability to exploit these larger deals, they have some very good deals. So I am optimistic that we should see some good performance on our bookings as we go into fourth.
Mark Loughridge: Okay, well let me just wrap up then and make a few comments. First of all we delivered another good quarter. We had revenue growth of 4% and as I said earlier when you adjust for the PLM divestiture, revenue growth was very close to our model. Looking ahead of the fourth quarter GTS revenue growth should be pretty consistent with the third, I think GBS will continue its strong performance somewhere to the third quarter. With new product introductions and STG in mainframe with our new systems and our ongoing mainframe announcement, three quarters of opportunity across P series, new announcements in our server product line we are going to have another good hardware quarter in the fourth as well.  And in software based on our pipeline of deals we should see improvements in the revenue of growth rate and therefore so overall constant currency revenue growth should be pretty somewhere the quarter’s strong performance with software providing some more opportunity. On a margin basis I would have to say, we are above the model level. The model was about four tenths, five tenths of a point per quarter on a net basis and we exceeded that on a pretax basis up 7/10ths and certainly on a net basis of 1.1 points. We are leveraging, our profit and cash delivering good shareholder returns and investing for the future and with all that we delivered EPS of $2.82 up 18%, that’s on top of 18% growth last year. So we are increasing our full year EPS to at least 1140 and I would remind you that’s an at least so over there the last four years, whether you look at the third quarter or the full year we’ve almost doubled our earnings per share since we introduced the 2010 road map. So thanks very much for joining us today and now as always back to work.
