James Kavanaugh: Okay. Thanks, Wamsi. Appreciate the question. So let me start with the last part of that multiple-part question because, as I stated in the prepared remarks, when you look at a GTS business profile, as you know, high-value, high-annuity content business. And when we're looking in-quarter, about 90-plus percent of our revenue in-quarter comes out of that backlog. Now you also have a labor-based structure that's relatively fixed in a short period of time in 90 days. And what you saw happened, and hopefully, you have taken a look at the supplemental chart, again for enhanced transparency for all of you so you can understand the dynamics of what's happened to our business, when that in-period revenue, that remaining 10% falls away, it has tremendous de-operating impacts from a leverage perspective overall. So that is high value, high profit, and when it hurts you at the latter part of the month, it definitely falls to the bottom line. So I'm sure we'll get into it. We're taking a lot of actions structurally. We got out ahead of that in the second quarter, and we're well positioned to return back to margins in GTS, as I stated, in the fourth quarter. But let's go back to the first part of your question, which is that in-period 10% activity, that really comes from 2 aspects. One is based on our client business volumes that are embedded in our backlog and two, new selling bill signings that happen within a quarter, the latter being a minor part, the former being a major part. And when you take a look at what happened to us in the quarter, we did get impacted by lower client business based volumes that came out of predominantly 2 markets in Europe, that being United Kingdom and in Germany. But I would tell you, Europe overall, Europe was flat and pretty consistent with second quarter overall. So we still had good performance in our other base platforms or hardware, software. We fell short though in client base business volumes in GTS. So I wouldn't say it's per se macro, but we obviously saw less activity. But we got to improve our execution, period.
James Kavanaugh: Okay. Amit, thank you very much. And I appreciate you asking the question upfront here on Red Hat because obviously we're very pleased. And I think this is an instantiation and validation of the power of bringing IBM and Red Hat together and how it is better for our clients and for our shareholders overall. We definitely made some significant innovation announcements early August. We talked about our business profile at Investor Day. And I think 90 days into this, we're very pleased, 20% growth overall at a normalized basis to give you a normalized historical comparison. So we're very pleased. But let me talk a little bit about the progress and what we're seeing within that 20% growth. And to your point, I would definitely reference for our investors pre the announcement in October of 2018, Red Hat was growing mid-teens. Just 3, 4 quarters later, at the time of closing in our first 90 days, you see the instantiation of that value given we accelerated it to 20%. But let's talk about some of the other milestones in -- and key indicators. One, you talked about infrastructure. We had strong growth in the infrastructure led by RHEL and that return to double-digit growth of 12% if I'm not mistaken, and it's been a long time since RHEL actually was growing 12%. The application development emerging technology including OpenShift is growing mid-30s. Our OpenShift and now our newly announced containerized software, modernization of our software and Cloud Paks, we have now over an 1,800 installed base client embedded with that. Our backlog on a normalized basis, up 19%, and within the first 90 days, we talked a lot about at the Investor Day the deferred write-down that we had to take, the $2.2 billion. We talked about, over time, the value of Red Hat's platform and technology and the high renewal rates. Well, within the first 90 days, we actually replenished almost $0.5 billion of deferred revenue because we had very strong bookings, and those bookings were led by subscription. We actually had 11 deals over $10 million, which was up threefold. So we're very pleased with Red Hat overall. And I guess I would conclude, most importantly, the confidence in the workforce in IBM and Red Hat. Attrition's stable, and we hired over 1,000 people. And lastly, to your point about operating margin, the entire operating margin impact was due to transactional-related cost.
James Kavanaugh: Yes. I mean if you take a look at our third quarter performance, our Cloud & Cognitive Software, we posted 8% growth. We're very pleased with that. Now obviously that normalized Red Hat growth of 20% does not get consolidated into IBM's books as you all quite well know given the deferred revenue adjustment. In fact, as you saw in the supplementals again for transparency as I'd committed to all of you since the beginning of the year, Red Hat delivered $371 million of revenue, a little bit better than around the $350 million that we talked about. And within that, just to call it out right off the bat, the $0.70 dilution that we expected in the third quarter as we stated in prepared remarks, we did about $30 million better on the deferred revenue write-down. By the way, that's a skew over 3Q versus fourth quarter. We still expect about $1 billion still in the second half of '19. So we're very pleased with that 8% overall. By the way, we grew organically, too. Now to your point, we had very good growth in cloud and data platform led by our Cloud Paks off to a nice start. We grew in Db2 and our core offerings. We grew in our organic-based cognitive applications portfolio with very strong growth in security and in some of our industry verticals like Maximo and TRIRIGA, but we actually did fall short in our transaction processing platform. And as you know, as I've said many times, that's high value to us and that's high value to our clients because we run the mission-critical workloads and applications on our systems portfolio, and that's always tied to client buying cycles. Now when you take a look, to your question, what do we see going forward in the fourth quarter? We see pretty consistent performance, high single digit in this segment. A couple of things I would call out. Number one, we have a much tougher compare. Number two, the difference between the amount of transactional activity you do on a fourth quarter versus third quarter is obviously a big hill to climb, but we've got a nice pipeline, and it's all about execution. I would not expect our TPP to come back here in the fourth quarter. We grew I think 6%, 7% fourth quarter last year. So we will not grow in TPP in the fourth quarter, but we will have a strong growth in cloud and data platform and in cognitive apps.
James Kavanaugh: Great. Thanks, Katy. Appreciate it. I think I got the heart of your question. You were breaking up there a little bit at least in the room here and on my speaker. As you heard in the prepared remarks, we did reaffirm guidance, at least $12.80 and about $12 billion of free cash flow. As we look into the fourth quarter, we expect revenue to sequentially increase about 3.5 to 3.7, in that range, quarter-to-quarter. And as I just stated on the last question, it's typically our biggest transactional quarter ever -- or, excuse me, within a year. Now a couple points to what you brought up. So it's a little bit higher than what you had asked. One, it's higher sequentially than 2018. And it's more representative of a normal mainframe cycle, which, if you go back to 2017, we were right within that. Now to your point, there's a few things I want to call out and give a little color what's underneath that. Number one, we continue to face a stronger and stronger dollar every quarter. It feels like each quarter I get up here and I talk about that, whereas 90 days ago, we were saying that basically no headwind. We're looking right now about 1 point to 1.5 points headwind in the fourth quarter based on where rates are at today. Second, to your question, we still have a 2 point headwind, give or take, on the divesting of our software and mortgage processing based business, which was $2 billion annually here in the fourth quarter. So those 2 are kind of headwinds. Now when you take a look at our portfolio, our mainframe, we are very pleased with the initial start. We announced it very late in the third quarter. We, in essence, have 1 weeks' worth of shipment. It met our expectations, and most importantly, the value proposition, the strong value proposition around data privacy, encryption everywhere, cloud native apps and putting Red Hat OpenShift on our mainframe and instant recovery are resonating well, and we got a very good pipeline. And we expect a normal cycle here in the fourth quarter, and I would attach that to the high-end DS8000 that we also announced. So Systems, we feel pretty good about the innovation and about us driving the fourth quarter. Software, I just talked about. We see consistent performance. Services, GBS, GBS continues to have great momentum. We had a good signings quarter, high single-digit signings. We continue to have good backlog runout, but again, GBS grew 7% last year. We had a strong quarter. We closed on a lot of milestone billings, but we still see growth here in GBS, albeit probably very low single digits and continuing that momentum. By the way, GBS, their backlog runout is actually improving right now as we move through 2020. So we see consistency. And in GTS, based on what I said in the prepared remarks and you could see in the supplemental chart, it's prudent right now not to plan on anything better. We are taking actions to aggressively change and adapt our portfolio, our offerings. We're seeing very good green shoots in our cloud base of business in that segment. And we're going to continue to adapt and change that, but we're also going to manage this business for margin, profit and cash, and we're going after the right structural actions going forward. So hopefully that gives you a little color about the 3.5 to 3.7.
James Kavanaugh: As always, Toni, thank you very much. At least it was only 2 and not 3 like last quarter, but who's counting? Anyways, let me try to take this in a couple of different components, so we can unpack this, so you can understand fundamentally what's happening to us in GTS, what happened throughout the quarter and then to your first part of your question, what do we see overall for IBM in 2020, which, by the way, we'll spend a lot more time on in January because given the amount of transactional business both on hardware and software but also on services science that we got to get done here in the fourth quarter. We got a very robust pipeline over the next couple quarters, and that will dictate more importantly how 2020 will play out. But if you take a look at -- within the quarter. So let me talk a little bit about -- I'm not going to repeat what's on the supplemental chart. The net message in the supplemental chart is, 90 days ago, we printed down 4%, as you all know, in our GTS technology services revenue. That was basically all out of backlog in our in-period sell and bill activity, and volumes from our clients was roughly muted. It was flat. That has been consistent for quite a while. We saw at that time a backlog that ran out in third quarter but roughly down 3%, and in fourth quarter, it was down 1% to 2%. That was the driver behind calling the inflection point. Now how did the quarter play out? The quarter actually played out through August quarter-to-date, our GTS business was improving off of that down 4% that we exited second quarter. We were hovering about down 3%, give or take. This all happened late in the quarter. And by the way, to the earlier question, that's why you see it flow through our fixed structural costs that impacted our margins overall.  So when you look at it, one, it was tied to volume-based businesses in a couple of different markets around the world; and two, it was tied to some part of our execution. I'm not going to back off that. From a credibility perspective, we've got to execute better there. We've been focusing this business on margin, profit and cash. It is a high fixed cost, high capital-intensive business, and we've got to deliver that right return to our investors given that we've chosen our capital allocation strategy with the acquisition of Red Hat and what we've done to our balance sheet to lever up, which, by the way, we made a great down payment on with the $7 billion of debt we paid down. But it happened late in the quarter. We are taking action around that. Now I'll conclude. Entering into 2020, we continue to see very strong performance as we continue to adapt our portfolio and our offerings in GTS to capture what we believe is that chapter 2 of hybrid cloud. One, our cloud base of business with regards to our backlog, our GTS backlog is $80 billion. Over 40% of that backlog is cloud. By the way, and I know you've done a ton of analysis on this, over the last 5 years, our GTS backlog ex currency is flat. And within that, we went from low single-digit cloud content to 40% cloud content overall. And now with the acquisition of Red Hat and building out differentiated offering and capabilities, we expect that to accelerate as we go forward. We delivered 60% of signings growth in the fourth quarter. 40% of our backlog now is cloud, and we got a book of business on trailing 12 months in excess of $8 billion on cloud. So when we look to 2020, we talked about on August 2, 4 to 5 points to your point, we talked about moving IBM to a sustainable revenue path. And what I've seen play out in third quarter, while we got a headwind right in front of us on GTS in fourth quarter, nothing would change my mind with regards to 2020 on driving sustainable revenue growth overall.
James Kavanaugh: Sure, Matt. Thank you very much. I mean obviously, we operate in 170 countries around the world. So we are always monitoring and analyzing the market and most importantly to the heart of your question, client buying behaviors. When you look at the IT industry, the IT industry has always been predicated on effective balance of leveraging technology for growth and leveraging technology for productivity. And over time, that balance might shift, and we are seeing a shift, and we have seen a shift by the way. It's not just right in front of us here in the month of September that clients, from a buying perspective, are shifting more and more to productivity to quick payback to ROI and also predictability of spend, which, by the way, plays to the breadth and value of our portfolio overall. And you see how that's played out in our GBS base of business, continued momentum and in our Cloud & Cognitive Software business driving the value because clients are still spending. They're spending in those key high-value areas around cloud, around digital, around data/AI and around security. Why? Because they want to create a competitive advantage to win in the marketplace. So we still see spending in those areas. And when we look around the world -- and I can only give you the lens of IBM. When you look around the world, we had strong growth in many markets around the world: Japan, Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Italy, Spain, amongst many that grow -- that grew very nicely. We did fall short in a couple other areas around the world, and I called out in GTS specifically U.K. and Germany. But I'll tell you, overall, our Europe business was flat. So I would not say per se this is a macro-related thing. And by the way, we're selling hardware, software-based platforms all over the world. So we're acknowledging shifts in buying behavior. We're adapting our value propositions. Clients are still spending in those key high-value areas, and that's where we're placing, as CFO I could tell you, where we're placing all of our investment and capital allocation in our business.
James Kavanaugh: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jim. I appreciate it. So let me unpack this a little on signings backlog and backlog realization. We've been talking a lot about this, I think, over the last 6 quarters. We had great signings, signings over $9 billion up 15%. We had growth in GTS north of 20%; growth in GBS high single digits, if I'm not mistaken, about 9% growth. Within that, the composition as we all know, signings are not all the same. They're not equal on how they impact backlog, how they impact realization, but we had great signings growth above $100 million, large deals, up 45% overall, and we had small mid-sized deals up high single digits overall. So when you take a look at our signings, that then translated into an improvement in our overall backlog position. Our backlog improved 1 point quarter-to-quarter. And let me break it out then between GTS and GBS, and again, for enhanced transparency, you saw the supplemental chart on GTS. GTS backlog, $80 billion. That backlog is down 2%. That improved about 1 point, 1.5 points quarter-to-quarter. We've seen relatively stable duration in GTS' backlog for a long period of time even as we continue to mix more and more to cloud. And now that cloud is over 40% of that backlog. GBS grew signings 9%. GBS backlog is down 4, and that improved almost a couple of points quarter-to-quarter. It's this phenomenon of signings to backlog to revenue realization has really played out dramatically for the last 2-plus years in GBS. We talked about how Mark and the team have done a great job remixing the portfolio and offerings to capture where value and where spend are going. That is moving more and more to a consulting base and a cloud application modernization base area that's shorter duration. Our duration in our GBS backlog has reduced over 20% to 25% over the last couple years. And that's why you've been able to see an overall backlog that's been down mid- to high single digits, and we're delivering consistent revenue growth anywhere from 1% to 3% to 4% in that GBS base of business. So that is where you're seeing a big change.
James Kavanaugh: Sure, Jim, no problem. And hopefully, you appreciate the enhanced transparency in the chart overall. Obviously, Patricia and the team have spent a lot more time on this tonight. But as I stated earlier, the net message is in a GTS outsourcing based business, you have roughly -- you have -- as you enter a quarter, you have about 90-plus percent of that revenue that's under backlog, high annuity content-based business. It's under contract. You have a remaining 10% that is in-period sell and bill activity and also tied to the client business volumes that run off that backlog. And when you look at second quarter, it pretty much played out as we expected, down 4%. That's what the backlog said entering the quarter. Our in-period activity of sell and bill and transactional components were basically muted. As we got into third quarter, you see the way the chart is laid out, that backlog runout said inflection point down 4%, goes to down 3%, goes down -- to down 1% to 2%. Assuming that we consistently execute both in an IBM manner and the market overall. And when you look at the third quarter, the third quarter, our in-period, that 10% was down mid-teens due to less client business volume and also execution on our small deals predominantly in Europe as I stated. That then has a flow-through because now we're starting October 1 looking at fourth quarter. Whereas we thought we were going to be down 1% to 2% in backlog, now we're down 2% to 3%. And to the extent we can go back and execute to that 10% that has a muted effect, we would end up the quarter at that level. If it plays out like third quarter, we're going to be down 3% to 4%. That's why I stated we're going to focus all of our energy at continuing to transform the offerings and portfolio and capture where spend and growth is coming from and getting after the structural cost to drive the margin expansion.
James Kavanaugh: Okay. Keith, thanks. Good way to wrap up on the part of our portfolio that has delivered consistent operational execution. And as I stated earlier, the team really should be commended because we are capturing and we are becoming the clients' provider and service provider of choice as they embark on their digital reinvention journeys and journeys to cloud. But let me take your second part of your question first if I remember correctly, and that is comparison to Accenture. But more importantly, I'm not going to talk about them. I'm going to talk about our business. Our consulting business continues to execute very well. We delivered 5% growth here. By the way, off of a tougher and tougher compare as we move throughout 2018, we improved that consulting performance in GBS. We delivered 5% growth, great growth in application modernization consulting and also on our next-generation enterprise applications like S/4HANA and in Salesforce. And by the way, I talked about GBS signings up high single digits. We were up significant double digits in consulting signings, so we had a great quarter overall on signings. And that kind of leads me to your first question. When you look at our backlog, our duration has come down, like I said, 20% to 25% over the last handful of years. I don't see that changing right now. As this world moves more and more to cloud, we are moving more and more to shorter-duration, higher consumption-based activity that's going to play to the hand in the portfolio that we've put in place overall. So I think the reason I gave enhanced disclosure between GTS and GBS on duration and overall backlog, I think you see in the fundamental differences between the 2, and the GBS will continue to impact when you just look at the printed number of IBM. But I would focus more on GTS overall as far as looking at the total backlog going forward. So with that, again, I want to thank you for joining our call here today. A few comments just to wrap up. As I've stated, we've been investing and taking bold actions to position our business to win in chapter 2 of hybrid cloud. The acceleration in Red Hat, our early support for our Cloud Paks and modernizing our software portfolio and growth in our digital and application modernization services are all validation the actions we've taken are resonating with our clients and driving that key high-value growth areas in the IT industry. At the same time, we're continuing our disciplined financial management, which should serve us well as we head into fourth quarter and 2020. So again, I'd like to thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to the continued dialogue.
