Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter and year-to-date 2015 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. After our remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. In the third quarter, despite uneven capital market activity and foreign exchange headwinds, Moody's achieved revenue of $835 million, a year-over-year increase of 2%. On a constant currency basis, Moody's revenue grew 7%. Operating expense for the third quarter was $485 million, up 4% from the third quarter of 2014. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 4%. Operating income was $350 million, flat versus the prior-year period, but an increase of 5% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $378 million, an increase of 1% compared to the same period last year. Operating margin for the third quarter of 2015 was 41.9%. Adjusted operating margin was 45.3%. Both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS increased 14% from the prior year period to a $1.14 and $1.11, respectively. Non-GAAP EPS excludes a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter in the third quarters of both 2014 and 2015. Turning to the year-to-date performance, Moody’s revenue for the first nine months of 2015 was $2.6 billion, an increase of 7% from the first nine months of 2014 or 11% on a constant currency basis. Revenue of Moody's Investor Service or MIS was $1.8 billion, an increase of 5% from 2014 or 10% on a constant currency basis. Moody's Analytics or MA, revenue of $829 million was 10% higher than the prior year period or 15% on a constant currency basis. Operating expense for the first nine months of 2015 was $1.5 billion, up 9% from 2014. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 4%. As we mentioned last quarter, this year-to-date growth reflects incremental expense from our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions. As we approach the end of 2015, the impact of acquisitions on expense growth will moderate. Therefore we are maintaining our full-year guidance for expenses to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Operating income of $1.1 billion increased 4% from 2014 or 10% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion increased 5% from the prior year period. Operating margin for the first nine months of 2015 of 43.5% was down from 44.5% in 2014. Adjusted operating margin of 46.8% was down from 47.3%. On constant currency basis, and excluding our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, operating margin and our adjusted operating margin would have increased approximately 50 and 60 basis points respectively year-over-year. GAAP EPS for the first nine months of $3.54 was up 2% from $3.48 in the prior-year period. Non-GAAP EPS of $3.51 for the first nine months of 2015 grew 14% from $3.09 for the same period in 2014. Non-GAAP EPS excludes a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter in both the year-to-date 2015 and 2014 periods. Year-to-date 2014 non-GAAP EPS also excludes $0.36 gain resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest in ICRA Ltd. in the second quarter of 2014. We are reaffirming our full-year 2015 EPS guidance of $4.55 to $4.65, which now includes a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. I'll turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing the changes to our updated full-year guidance for 2015. A full list of Moody's guidance is included in our third quarter 2015 earnings press release, which can be found on Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2015 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound and the euro of $1.52 to £1 and $1.12 to €1 respectively. As I noted earlier, we are reaffirming our full-year 2015 EPS guidance of $4.55 to $4.65, which now includes as $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. However certain components of our 2015 guidance have been modified to reflect our current view of business conditions. Global MIS revenue for the full-year 2015 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. However, non-U.S. revenue is now expected to decline in the mid-single-digit percent range. Within MIS, Corporate Finance revenue is now expected to be approximately flat, and Public, Project & Infrastructure Finance revenue is now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Global MA revenue for full-year 2015 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. However, non-U.S. revenue is now expected to be approximately flat. Full-year 2015 capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $90 million. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. As you noted, that constant currency growth for Moody’s was 7%. And if we look at constant currency growth organic-only, it would be 5%. And that excludes ICRA, Lewtan, and we had the small acquisition earlier this year of Equilibrium.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, I'll let Linda to start off with this. I know she has some information, and then I'll add some color as appropriate.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Just a little bit more color. I would also note that the pipelines in Structured Finance are good, but the movement through those pipelines is again going to be sensitive to spreads. And so we'll have to see if spreads continue to move in from where they were earlier in October. Secondly, we still think that the non-U.S. business is going to be probably more challenged overall than the U.S. business through to the end of the year. The good news looking ahead to 2016 is it at least where the exchange rates are today, we will not have the same material impact on performance in 2016 that we've had from the movement that we saw about a year ago on the Euro and the Pound as against the Dollar. Obviously that's an assumption that rates stay about where they are now. Now, looking ahead to next year, to the extent that we see an increase in federal funds rates and that's an indication of a belief that we have some sustainable economic growth here in the U.S. I think that's a good news story. We don't expect to see rates move rapidly or dramatically, but we would like to see a signal that the economy looks like it's on a sustainable growth path, and I think that's going to help both the U.S. and non-U.S. businesses. And also looking out into 2016, as we get later in the year, we begin to approach the refinancing walls that had built up in the corporate finance sector in particular. So I would keep an eye out for that looking out over the course of next year.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We do think that the growth we've seen in Structured Finance is durable. As I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, it is going to be sensitive to spreads, and so we have to keep an eye on that. We've seen particular strength in commercial real estate and that strength has been really because the transactions that are being brought to market are conduit transactions, which is where we have our strength and there is significant amount of refinancing that has to occur there. We've also seen some good growth in European RMBS. And we are going to look to see how sustainable that is, but it was a good new story in Q3. Overall, again, I think we would expect to see more strength in the U.S. than we will see outside the U.S. for near-term. But see some promising developments with respect to European Structured Finance.
Ray McDaniel: We have communicated at a high level the contribution that we expect price to make, and certainly, we are looking at what we can do in terms of the value proposition to support price increases. And this is our research, our communications, the quality of our insights, all of that is a package on the ratings side of the business in order to maximize the value proposition. We are also looking at cost in terms of thinking about pricing, but really the priority is value proposition. That's the same story on the Moody’s Analytics side as well, and that is the amount of information we can deliver, the data that we can deliver, how usable we can make that data and really looking at the overall utility value that we give through the data and service projects that we have on the Moody’s Analytics. So it's both sides of the business.
Ray McDaniel: That's true and that's not a change. It has always been a business that's been an area of interest for our competitors not surprisingly, but it's also a business that is very interested in the quality of opinion and insight, especially in more distressed markets, and that works to Moody's benefit. So we certainly want to maximize the value of our commentary and the predicted content of our ratings in that area, and ironically we do benefit from some of the stress in the market because that’s when Moody’s ratings matter most.
Ray McDaniel: No, I've - really just echoing Linda’s comments. There has not been any new - and I would characterize, distressing news. The market uncertainties that built in the late summer, early fall, with volatility in Chinese equity markets with uncertainty about the Feds improvement on interest rates clearly transmitted through the bond market in terms of volatility and spread widening and now that is beginning to settle. I would anticipate it’s going to continue to settle absent new and unexpected news. So we just have to see. The Fed I think has tried to provide clarity. The ECB has provided clarity, and broadly speaking, I think those are the kinds of things that are going to help market issuance activity going forward. It’s just late in the year now. So we'll have to see how much of a difference it makes.
Ray McDaniel: No. Yes, I mean, there is going to be specific instances where we prefer one or the other, but generally speaking, no, we would be indifferent but welcome activity coming from either source of issuance.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, it's continuing to grow very nicely. The expectation at this point is we would have probably about 800 new rating mandates, may be a bit more for the full-year 2015. For those of you who followed us closely, you know that’s down from a peak of about 1,000 that we had last year, but it is still very strong compared to the historical new mandate rates. So we are very pleased to see that.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. We are involved in China through our joint-venture in the domestic market, and then Moody's is also active with the larger issuers that are under the cross-border markets and get Moody's global ratings. And Moody’s Analytics is also very much involved in that market. That being said, yes, there is certainly been some market volatility in China. It's been primarily focused on the equity markets. We continue to see growth in our joint- venture and in our cross-border business. So that has not - neither one of those legs of our China strategy had been harmed or had a decline in business as a result of the volatility. What we would be more concerned about is it’s some of the areas where there have been concerns about bubbles such as perhaps property sector or municipal debt in China. If those areas become under more acute stress, and that I think would be a more direct - have a more direct impact on our fixed income business over there.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. In the third quarter, we had good growth double-digit growth in Asia Corporate Finance but that was in part supported by our acquisition last year taking majority control of ICRA. So that was a contributor. Because we will have ICRA in the year-on-year numbers in the fourth quarter, I wouldn't expect to see the same kind of growth coming out of Asia. The Americas were soft in the third quarter, and don’t expect a robust recovery in the Americas in the near-term. So overall the international story and the non-Europe international story on the Corporate Finance side is that we are dealing with some headwinds. We are getting the benefit of ICRA but we are dealing with some headwinds.
Ray McDaniel: We have not seen - broadly speaking, I don't think we've seen a big increase in leverage, but we are paying attention obviously to corporate profitability and we will have to continue to do so. As far as the impact on our analytics, I'll see if Michel has any additional color he would like to add to that.
Ray McDaniel: I think it's really a long-term trend, a secular trend. We do see some cyclicality in terms of the pace of new rating mandates or overall rating relationships that we have. But the disintermediation story has really been a very, very long-term story, and I think will continue to be. Looking at the financial assets, in Europe in particular that are in the banking system versus in the capital markets, there is a lot of runway there. If it’s even going to get near to the allocation of financial asset that we see in the U.S. and it may never get that far but that there are trillions of euros in play that are available to go into the fixed income markets and out of the loan markets. So I would just say it's a long-term story and it will continue to support our business.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. At the end of the day, the provision of liquidity and quantitative easing may be helpful, but we are really looking for economic growth to drive increased fixed-income activity. There are things that could help catalyze that. The European Central Bank and other central banks around the world had been engaged in to try and encourage growth. But especially at this point in the cycle, I would rather see - frankly I would rather see some increase in interest rates as a result of greater confidence in the global economy. And that is - it looks to be a more likely scenario for the U.S. than it does for some non-U.S. economies going into 2016.
Ray McDaniel: I think our relationships with ESMA is very professional and constructive. They are our regulator and they are in doing inspections, making enquiries and we have to respond to those and we do. They also are required to produce certain reports and analysis pursuant to the regulations in Europe and the reports that they have produced this fall along those lines. And they've been asked to comment on among other things, competition. I think it's fair to say that they would encourage competition, but that they also believe that they have the tools necessary to appropriately regulate the market in Europe and are not, at this point, encouraging additional legislation pursuant to the report that they've prepared.
Ray McDaniel: No. Doug, we think the fourth quarter is going to be a strong quarter. It’s just that last year the fourth quarter was an extraordinary quarter. And so the comparable is very tough, but in absolute dollars, the fourth quarter is going to be a big quarter.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again in the New Year. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure, Manav. I'll go through the three sectors that I usually go through, U.S. investment grade bonds, U.S. high yield and U.S. leverage loans, with the reminder again that this is a consensus view from speaking to a number of the investment bank’s trading desks and does not represent Moody’s view but rather again the consensus of these investment banks. This has been a particularly difficult period, which makes our job for the end of the year here a high little bit more difficult to forecast, which is what we’re trying to work through. Now for investment grade bonds, the expectations for October now, is about $126 billion of U.S. issuance in investment grade bonds. It has been very choppy however. Late August and early September had three weeks of zero issuance, and October until this week had been quite light for supply. And only recently, only this week, have we seen issuance pickup. So we are looking at about $38 billion for this week. And yesterday, of course with the Microsoft deal, we did see $19.5 billion in issuance. Now, a lot of this is caused by the spread. Spreads widened out, and in fact now they are 5 basis points higher than their lows in August, and they’ve retraced or come back in 15 basis points from the highs in early October. So it is possible that with spreads coming back in and only being 5 bps up from August, that we could continue to see heavier issuance as we move into November out of the blackout period, and in fact the pipelines look pretty good for next week. So we’re offsetting that against the view with the potential for the December rate hike. The futures currents are now showing 50% possibility of the December rate hike, but again we think that the right hike is not all the news, and in fact the spread piece is very important as well. So those are some of the factors that we’re looking at and the pipeline is described as robust. So the pipeline we can see currently is $200 billion. So some mixed views there, but some very good improvement for next week, but again we feel we have probably six more weeks for this year for issuance, maybe seven. High yield is a different story. October month to-date had been about $3 billion and year-to-date about $230 billion, which is down 15%. The market has been quite subdued. September and October were the two lowest volume issuance months in 2016, and the issue here is spreads. And spreads are 40 basis points wider than at the August lows, but they have come in a 100 basis points from their recent highs in October. So you might want to think of this as spreads have come in two-thirds from the recent highs, which is a good trend. We're seeing very good funds inflows into high yield bond funds, which is good, and we are expecting some activity pick-up in November given that the technical backdrop is improving. There are lot of deals in the market, and that should be helpful the pipeline as described as moderate. And finally, leverage loans month-to-date $15 billion in the U.S., year-to-date $290 billion, which is down 30% year-over-year. Since early August, volumes have been low but leverage loans have lifted volatility and the market better than high yield bonds. Some stability looks to be helpful. And we see that CLO creation continues, which is helpful to us. So, on the leverage loan front, weak fund inflows and a slowish new issue calendar. We are still working with the new Shared National Credit or SNC rule and the pipeline here is described as moderate. Interestingly if you look to Europe, we've seen some improvement in the tone in Europe in the past seven to 10 days. Mr. Draghi’s comments regarding the ECB and a potential for more QE has been helpful, and we’re seeing good reverse - Yankee issuance, Procter & Gamble had a big deal this week. However, as the Euro/US dollar basis widens, that may back off of little bit. Interestingly, we would note with about two-thirds of the companies reporting that top line sales ex-energy for U.S. companies reporting in the third quarter is only four-tenths of 1%. So in that regard, we are actually feeling pretty good about these numbers that we’ve put up. And I’ll let Ray go to the prognostication back in 2016 which is still away, Manav.
Linda Huber: And Bill, on your expense question, very carefully moderating our expenses in light of these conditions and we think we've shown pretty good discipline down the P&L. The fact that 2% revenue growth is 14% EPS growth, we are pretty pleased about that. What we see is that operating expenses in the quarter were up 4% and we've worked hard to make sure we keep the level reasonable. I think we would note first that our headcount is up 4% period-over-period and we are very careful on the hiring front. Most of that hiring has gone to the lines of business that are the revenue producers as opposed to shared services where most of our headcount has been in the lower cost jurisdictions. Secondly, I see that our CapEx, we are looking at about $90 million for this year. That's down a bit from what we had expected when we first did guidance. So we are being very careful about our CapEx and being cautious about what we are doing with our projects. The reasons for that CapEx spending being pulled in is because our projects are actually coming in at a lower cost than we expected, which is remarkable and positive and we are also looking at our performance and our incentive compensation as you noticed. Very important that everyone understands that incentive compensation is the first line of defense to protect the margins. Again the margin was 41.9% in the quarter, which we are pretty pleased about. So we will - reflects the incentive compensation line and given our views on the fourth quarter and what's happened here in the third quarter, last year in fact during this period, we put up almost $47 million of incentive compensation. This year for third quarter, we put up $33 million in incentive compensation. So there is $14 million of savings which goes back to the shareholders, which in fact is very helpful in protecting the margins. So incentive compensation is impact only 10% of comp in this quarter, and last year at this time it was 15%. So again incentive compensation flexing down $14 million, that’s 30% which is a pretty heavy adjustment, which just shows what we do in the incentive comp line in order to make sure that we are doing the right thing. Now sequentially if you want to think about incentive comp, we are looking at a level that probably should be about the same as the fourth quarter looks like what we expected to. However, Bill, I would very strongly caution that if things break to be upside, we may have to improve a little bit more for incentive compensation in the fourth quarter. So flattish, if things come in as we expect, but as I just said, as conditions are seemingly improving a bit, we could flex to the upside and that would take incentive comp up a bit. So that's pretty fulsome answer to your question and hope that it’s everything you know wanted to know about.
Linda Huber: Yes, Andre, it’s Linda. I would note that in terms of the research we are putting out, we know specifically very high interest in our comments specifically on Volkswagen, Glencore, the City of Chicago, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, also the pieces we've been putting out on the banking systems and also China and India. So our research effort has really been beefed-up and we feel it's very helpful to the investors. We had commented on at Investor Day, 3% to 4% price increases. Again, we are very thoughtful about how we handle that. We would note there is good pricing power in Moody’s Analytics as well as Moody's Investor Service. But again, we do feel that getting a rating provides 25 to 50 basis points of better spreads for issuers as we hear from various capital markets desks. But we do believe that ratings provide real value for issuers in the marketplace. So hope that helps you.
Linda Huber: Alex, I think this is - as you pointed out, these are ebbs and flows in the marketplace that we are quite used to. And I think we would say generally we feel we’re observing somewhat better information regarding investment grade as I said earlier, and high yields with spreads having retraced 100 basis points, things could break to the positive side somewhat less so with leverage loans. And obviously the short answer is, it all depends. If we get to markets stability, that would be terrific, and this week has been more stable than October to-date, but first three weeks of October were very, very choppy. So this could go either way and that makes forecasting a little bit more difficult than it usually is particularly at this late point in the year. But I'll let Ray comment a little bit further on what he thinks.
Linda Huber: Alex, one other quick note on the investment grade side. You're probably aware, the big banks report first as we move through the reporting cycle, and as a result of that, they were first to market in October. So for the first three weeks of the month, 50% of supply came from the big issuers and many of those are larger, some of them are frequent issuer pricing programs. So that has caused October to be very backend-loaded for us and the corporates would probably people can issue now as they come through the blackout period. So again we could see a very heavy November like anything over a $100 billion in issuance we view in the U.S. investment grade market as a very good month. But we've got to see how issuance stacks up against how much more here we have left and we'll see how that goes.
Linda Huber: Denny, also I would note that as the global banks go public with their new strategies under new leaders, and there are three of those that I can think of right away, you'll notice - and I'm not going to name them, but certainly those global banks have said that they are stepping back from certain markets and certain areas that they feel are not providing appropriate profitability, particularly where capital requirements are high in certain of those market activities. So we would see that that would be a pretty clear view about what's going on, particularly with this intermediation but we are seeing changes of strategy with a number of the European banks and it's just something that should be watched.
Linda Huber: Sure. Denny, it's probably frustrating for you, the answer on professional services and Copal Amba more specifically is it depends. The banks react differently to these sorts of stresses and some are increasing their Copal Amba teams and some are making other decisions. While I’ve got the floor here for a minute, I’ll talk a little bit about professional services. And that business includes basically two things, Mark’s training business and particularly the Canadian Securities Institute business and the Copal Amba business that I'm running. So we've had a few issues in this area. And as you know, we've been thoughtful about what we’re doing with the guidance there. The quarter-over-quarter changes - I'm sorry, the year-over-year changes for the third quarter look at about an $8 million decline 2015 versus 2014. And Mark and I have worked through this, and about a third of this relates to CSI. And mainly that's due to the FX effect of the weak Canadian dollar. About two-thirds of what's going on is Copal Amba. And we thought we should be clear that last year, we had a reversal of a reserve in the third quarter from the prior period, which if you take that out, that makes up about half the difference of what's going on with Copal Amba. So we didn't have any such reserve reversals this year, so that made the comparable tougher. So some of this is just - that’s a one-off and that’s timing. So we're seeing good new sales but there has been some attrition and we are seeing some good opportunities as we said, because banks are laser-focused on costs. But it takes a bit for all that to work through the system. And Copal Amba is being used very energetically within our own company from Moody's Investor Service and particularly Moody’s Analytics and Shared Services. We’re very much growing our own Moody Shared Services India and that is very helpful to us. So we think we are in the right place with Copal Amba, but we've got just a bit of choppiness as the global banks adjust what they are doing. So hope that helps you out, Denny.
Linda Huber: Peter, it's Linda. Mark and I are working together pretty closely. We are starting to see the first inklings, the first positive contributions that the Copal Amba team is able to support some of Mark's efforts in a more cost-effective way, given that those resources are lower cost. So our goal here is for all of us to work together to help Mark with the margins and the ERS business and we are just getting going on this efforts.
Linda Huber: Sure Craig. So we’ll look at MIS. We'll look at Corporate Finance first. So for the third quarter of 2015, total global Corporate Finance revenue was $248 million and what we have is investment grade about $63 million of that 25%, which is up significantly from last year's third quarter of 15%. High yield was up $33 million or 13% of total corporate revenues which is down from last year’s 21%. Bank loans about $48 million, 19% of total Corporate Finance revenues and down from last year's 24%. And others about $105 million, which is 43% of this year's quarter issuance, and that's up from last year's 40%. So the total number is $248 million, which is down 5% from last year's $260 million. Moving onto Structured. Total Structured revenue of $112.5 million, up from last year's $102 million by 10%, again echoing what Ray said, we are pretty pleased and surprised with the progress of Structured Finance, our second largest business. And so asset-backed securities $20.5 million, that's 18% of total structured revenues, down a bit from last year's 23%. Residential mortgage-backed securities at $18.5 million, almost completely flat to last year and 17%. Commercial real estate finance $37.2 million, up very nicely from last year's $26.9 with 38% increase and it's 33% of the structured revenues. So again the commercial real estate line is helping itself quite a bit. Structured credit is at $36 million, up from about $34 million last year and it’s 32% of the total structured line and we have a very small de minimis others in there. So Structured story is really about the strength in commercial real estate. Moving onto FIG. FIG is usually our most consistent business line. It remains though about $90 million for this quarter. Last year was about $92 million in the quarter. Banking at about $58 million, 65% of which the FIG revenues, about flat to last year. Insurance at about $26 million, 29% of FIG revenues, about to flat to last year. Managed investments about $3 million, which is 4% of last year as the quarter total and flat to last year, and others about $2 million and 2%. And lastly Craig, PPIF. Total of $90.6 million for this quarter, up from $88.5 million, last year’s at 2% increase overall. The PFG and sovereign line at $46 million is 51% of PPIF revenues and that's 5% increase from last year 51% of total revenues Project and Infrastructure, $44.5 million, which is just about flat to last year and 49% of total PPIF, and other is de minimis to come to, as I said, almost $91 million. And we talked about MIS Other, which includes the consolidation of ICRA, but I think that's the main story there, Craig.
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill. It's pretty hard one for us to predict. I would tell you that we have invested in our collections area to keep our receivables very strong and to keep them current. And so we have been very careful to make sure that we work hard on our collections. So that would be one focus area. Generally cash flow should probably grow in line with earnings, and that would just be the best indicator that we can give you. We watch our cash flow very careful. I think you can see from the results we’ve put up this morning. We work on every line, up and down the P&L, and we look part at changes in our cash flow, but this is a little bit tricky for us to predict. So as a rule of thumb, just look at it growing in line with earnings. I think that's probably the best measure that we can give you.
Linda Huber: Vincent, we don't break that out. Sufficed to say that if an issuer is in a great, great hurry, we can potential charge little bit more for that, but that's not in percentage that we want to comment on mostly because it moves up and down so dramatically.
Linda Huber: So it's Linda, just a couple of housekeeping items to make sure we've got everybody working through their models on the same page. So we've talked about where we see the year going, a view might be sort of flattish fourth quarter to last year, which means we have to work on our expenses. We often talk about our expense ramps and we often benchmark this to our second quarter actual expenses, which was about $500 million. At this moment, we are expecting an expense ramp of maybe $20 million to $25 million in the fourth quarter over the second quarter. That's a little bit lighter than what we did last year. It's just very important that everyone knows that if things break favorably and we start seeing issuance really pickup, we could have to put up some more money for incentive compensation. Moving against us, is as Ray said, we're working with the pound, we budget at $1.52 and the euro a $1.12, unfortunately the euro is now at $1.10 and that makes our lives more difficult. So we'll see where the euro goes, but it has moved down a bit with more recent comments on quantitative easing. So given these softer conditions, we are working very hard on our expense line. We continue to repurchase our shares as we said, and we are waiting what will happen with conditions here in the fourth quarter but this week we have seen things improving a bit. So that's I think about everything we have to say. I’ll look to see if Ray or any others have anything else that we need to wrap this up.
