Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter 2013 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I'll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2013. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. Second quarter revenue of $756 million increased 18% over the second quarter of 2012, reflecting continued strong operating performance across the company. Operating expenses for the second quarter were $405 million, a 12% increase from the second quarter of 2012. Operating income for the second quarter was $351 million, a 26% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $374 million, up 24% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter increased 32% from the prior year period to $1. Our full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range remains $3.49 to $3.59. We are pleased to announce that we've increased our annualized dividend to $1 per share. We also now anticipate total 2013 share repurchases of approximately $1 billion. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first 6 months of 2013 was $1.5 billion, a 16% increase from the first 6 months of 2012. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service was $1.1 billion for the first 6 months of 2013, an increase of 18% from a year ago. Moody's Analytics revenue of $429 million was 9% higher than the prior year period. Operating expenses for the first 6 months of 2013 were $857 million, up 16% from 2012. Operating income was $631 million, increased 15% from $548 million in 2012. Adjusted operating income was $678 million, a 14% increase from the prior year period. First half operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include our first quarter litigation settlement charge. Diluted earnings per share of $1.83 for the first 6 months of 2013, which included a $0.14 charge related to the settlement, increased 20% from the prior year period. Excluding the settlement, diluted earnings per share of $1.97 for the first 6 months of 2013 grew 30% year-over-year. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Okay. Thanks, Linda. I'll continue with an update on regulatory developments. First in the U.S. On May 14, the Securities and Exchange Commission hosted a full day roundtable on the various proposals made in its study relating to assigning credit ratings for structured finance products that are commonly referred to as the Franken Amendment study. The roundtable was comprised of 3 panels and panel participants were asked to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of various business models. Turning to Europe, CRA3 was adopted earlier in the spring of 2013 and went into force as of June 20. We have implemented the requisite policies and procedures accordingly. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance for 2013. Moody's outlook for 2013 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. There's an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and if actual conditions differ, Moody's results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned, earlier, our full year 2013 non-GAAP EPS guidance range remains at $3.49 to $3.59. For Moody's overall, the company still expects full year 2013 revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating expenses are still projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Full year 2013 operating margin is still projected to be 41% to 42%, and adjusted operating margin for the year is still expected to be 44% to 45%. Guidance ranges for operating expenses, operating margin and adjusted operating margin all include the first quarter 2013 litigation settlement charge. The effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 32%. We remain committed to using our strong cash flow to create value for shareholders, and we have increased our annualized dividend by 25% to $1 per share. Full year 2013 total share repurchases are now expected to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $50 million. We still expect approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Incremental compliance and regulatory expense is still projected to be in the $10 million to $15 million range. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $850 million. We have modified certain components of 2013 guidance to reflect the company's current view of business conditions. For the global MIS business, revenue for the full year 2013 is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Both U.S. and non-U.S. MIS revenue are also now expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the low-teens percent range. Revenue from structured finance is now expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is still expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. For MA, full year 2013 revenue is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is still projected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions is still expected to grow in the low-double-digit percent range. Professional services revenue is still expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session are Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody's Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics. We'd be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. I'll make some general comments and then see if Linda has anything she would like to add. It's -- it's really a recognition that we have an opportunity and sufficient financial flexibility to be able to return capital to shareholders on a more accelerated basis than we had anticipated earlier in the year. So this is -- we think, an opportunity for us to get cash back into the hands of shareholders, and we think that's our obligation, consistent with the need to maintain sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for uncertainties in the future.
Raymond W. McDaniel: And I would just add -- I would just add a very brief comment to the comprehensive review that Linda has just offered. As we saw rates moving out of Treasuries and spreads moving out in June, they certainly have come back in somewhat. Though they're not back to where they were in May, but Treasuries and rates have come back in and spreads have come back in. I think more than a question of the pipeline, it was a question of uncertainty about where rates would stabilize. And once that stability became more apparent, in part because of further comments from the Fed, I think there was more confidence in having those pipelines unlocked. And so what I think we're going to be looking at for the rest of this year is not a concern about bond issuance volumes with rates where they are currently are, but some level of market anxiety about the uncertainty of accommodative monetary policy, how long and how accommodative. And so in looking at our forecast, we assume there is going to continue to be some level of market anxiety around that. And probably, as we've seen frequently over the past few years, periods of good market activity and then periods of relative dormancy depending on, among other things, official comments.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, it's good from the standpoint that there is more turnover of refinancing. The velocity of the refinancing increases with the shorter term securities. And interestingly, we had not seen a big jump in very long-dated issuance, even earlier when rates were at their lowest point, firms we're still -- I'd put it a little bit casually, but they were taking the free money rather than the cheap money. And so we have seen the term structure remain towards the short end. And that's, as I said, good from a refinancing perspective.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes. I think we -- I think we can continue to see growth. I think the business is well supported on the rating agency side from the disintermediation trends, certainly, that are going on in Europe, but also in Asia, Latin America and somewhat surprisingly at least to me, in the U.S., it continues apace. And the Moody's Analytics business is really not impacted by the interest rate cycle, the business cycle, the way the rating agency business is. So we expect we're going to be able to continue to get good growth out of MA.
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think what we're recognizing and looking at some consensus opinions in the market from economists and other institutions, a greater than usual degree of uncertainty in terms of where rates might go, how spreads might react to changes in, again, quantitative easing or expectations for interest rate increases. If the market is concerned that accommodative monetary policy is going to be curtailed before we have self-sustaining momentum in terms of GDP growth, that's not going to be good for issuers. But if we do have a market view that we have achieved self-sustaining economic growth, I think we're going to see good levels of issuance even if we do have curtailment of quantitative easing because there's going to be borrowing for merger and acquisitions, and capital expenditure and share repurchase. As we've talked about in other calls, all these drivers, traditional drivers of issuance that had been relatively dormant in recent years.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, I'm just going to add, and I will ask Michel Madelain if he would like to comment on this. But I think the new mandates have been continuing at a relatively steady pace. So no spikes in new mandates, but it also continues to be a good pipeline for us. And Michel, if you have something to add, please do.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Just 2 quick reminders. One is that the -- because of the over plan performance that we had last year, and as a result, the above plan incentive compensation we had last year, we did have an ability to expand margin this year more aggressively based on resetting of incentive compensation back to target. So we don't expect to see that kind of margin expansion going forward. And the other question will be the relative growth rates of MIS and Moody's Analytics because the Moody's Analytics business is a lower margin business. So we have to -- there is the uncertainty of the relative rates of growth of the 2 businesses in looking out over a number of years.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. There really hasn't been a lot of activity. We've had more than 50 cases filed, ratings-related cases filed since 2007, and a little more than 3 dozen of those have been resolved, most of them because they were dismissed or voluntarily withdrawn. We did have a couple of new complaints this year, and a couple of what are called summonses with notice, which are -- you should think of them as placeholders for possibly filing a complaint in the future. But those don't necessarily end up being actual cases. But that's been about it.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, with respect to Europe, I would characterize it as hopeful that things will get better in '14. And I think that, that securitization does have an important role to play potentially in Europe as they are looking towards an economic recovery and giving companies additional opportunities to access the capital markets, whether it's capital raising or liquidity purposes. I think the securitization can be part of a longer-term solution. But right now, there's -- there's just not a lot of demand, and there are alternative funding sources. As we've -- I think we mentioned in the previous quarter's call, for example, in the U.K., the Funding for Lending program that they have in place. So in the near term, there are alternatives to the securitization market. Longer term, I would expect this is going to be part of a solution to the sluggish growth rates. Whether that's in 2014 or not, I don't know.
Raymond W. McDaniel: The only thing I would add is just to repeat the views of some economists, including our own. That for now, they really don't think the Fed wants the 10-year Treasury yield to be much above the 2.5% mark. And if that's correct, that is still an attractive environment for issuance by historical measures. Now obviously, if spreads widen out, that would be affected. But right now, they have been coming back in from where they went to in June. So reason for cautious optimism there on the rate side.
Raymond W. McDaniel: If we're talking about a cyclical movement that has an impact on bond issuance, candidly, I don't think we would do a whole lot to respond. Our business, we have to monitor the debt that's outstanding. We would expect that the debt is -- that additional debt is going to be issued in the future. And so it's not a structural change in our business. It's a cyclical change, if it occurs. And as I said before, a rising rate environment that is accompanied by business confidence and economic activity is not worrisome. What is worrisome is sort of what we saw in June, where there was fear of rising rates and widening spreads because the rate environment was not -- or the anticipated rate environment was not aligned with a sense that we had self-sustaining economic recovery.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, obviously, we're aware of bills that have been introduced in Congress, including the Corker-Warner bill. I think it's still going to be a long process. It's not something that we are going to involve ourselves in from a lobbying perspective. Our job is to understand what the policy decisions are and to make whatever credit judgments that are appropriate based on those policy decisions, but not to push for one outcome or another. That being said, if there is a larger private label market for mortgage-backed securities, that's going to be beneficial. So we will watch that with interest, but without lobbying in any particular direction.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, I don't have a lot actually to add to what Linda raised, other than that the observation that I think the experimentation, if you will, with some new securities and financial innovation is probably a positive. We've been through a period where there hasn't been a lot of financial innovation, and testing with some of these new securities types is -- I think is supportive of longer-term growth in some key markets like housing. So that's -- that's really all I -- I'm -- other than what I've seen in the papers, I don't have any additional insight I can offer on those.
Raymond W. McDaniel: I'm going to have to give you some approximate numbers, but a little more than 1/2 of the activity, I think, this year has been refinancing with M&A and share repurchase ticking up a little bit. Really not on the CapEx side though. So it's still dominated in terms of refinancing. But we are seeing borrowing for other purposes that is a bit stronger than what we've seen the last couple of years.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No. I think that's correct. It's above 50%, but I don't think it's significantly above at this point.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Craig, the only thing I can really tell you is, there is a lot of uncertainty around this because we, obviously, are working to have cases dismissed as early as possible. Sometimes, we succeed. Sometimes, they move on to the discovery process, which becomes more expensive. So it really depends on what our success rate looks like with early dismissals and -- I just -- I can't give you a good forecast on that.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, for 2014 and 2015, a lot of what would have matured has been refinanced. And that's why we talk about these other drivers being important to the corporate finance growth story here in the U.S. going forward. It's a different situation as we look at corporates elsewhere around the world. But the U.S. market is an important market for us. So it is worth focusing on. That being said, there remains a lot of refinancing that has to occur in 2016, 2017. Some comments that we made earlier in the call about the fact that borrowing over the last few years has been a relatively short-term nature, and that borrowing is going to come around for refinancing again. So -- and the investment-grade market tends to refinance at a much steadier rate than the high-yield market. So that's -- we would expect to see refinancing over the next couple of years coming out of investment-grade market in similar ways to what we've seen in previous years.
Raymond W. McDaniel: I'm not concerned about any particular business line. I'm really more focused, as I think probably everybody is at this point, on the macroeconomic situation. Whether -- how the market will respond to curtailment of quantitative easing if and when it begins. Predictions that it might happen in September. Predictions that it might happen at the end of the year, and market reaction to that. And I think there is going to be appropriately a lot of attention coming from policymakers to make sure that the market reaction is not unfavorable, and that we don't have a tightening of financial conditions in a way that would turn our recovery back in the wrong direction. So it's not individual business lines. It's more the macro situation at this point, Craig.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, just -- just I think Linda's comments stand on their own. The original guidance that we had given for approximately $500 million in share repurchase was largely to offset issuance. But that would not be the case with the -- with additional repurchases.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you. Just before we end the call, I do want to make sure everyone knows that Moody's will host its Investor Day on Tuesday, September 24, here in New York. Attendance is by invitation only and the event will be webcast. And further details will be provided on our Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. So thank you, all, for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in September and October.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, it's Linda. Ray is right. We have a cash-rich balance sheet, about $1.6 billion in cash on the balance sheet, and our net debt is effectively 0. We took a look at our dividend rate and with the recent increase in our stock price, the dividend yield had been about 1.3%. This brings it up to about 1.6%, and our payout to about 25%. So we feel that, that's appropriate recognition of the progress that we've made. And on share repurchase, because our investors seem to prefer both methods of returning capital to shareholders, we think that this is a prudent step for us to take and a good time for us to do it.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. This is going to take a minute to go through, so let me talk to you about how we're going to do this. We're going to first discuss investment grade, then I'd like to talk a bit about high yield and then thirdly, leveraged loans. And for each of the categories, I'd like to talk about what we're seeing in deals last week and this week, the pipeline, the fund flow and then certain market observations. And as you acknowledged, we did see a bit of what we're calling the June swoon. But we would acknowledge that last week, the deal issuance rate looks a good deal better. Last week, we saw $16 billion in issuance, which was mostly driven by financials who have already reported second quarter earnings. And it's important to note, we try to make the same point every year. We're still in a corporate blackout period for many issuers, particularly the industrial issuers. This week, expectations are for another $15 billion of investment-grade issuance. We have $9 billion of issuance year-to-date -- I'm sorry, week-to-date. And I would note that there are 6 investment-grade deals in the market today with the 10-year at about 2.57%. On average, over the last 5 years, the 10-year has been about 2.73%. So you can take whatever you'd like from that, but we are below the 5-year average. The pipeline for several banks indicates that the forward calendar is building, and the pipeline was described by several of those banks as strong. Issuance is likely to be robust in the near term as issuers emerge from blackout periods and there is note that there may be a potentially busier August than is usually expected. Generally August is one of the slower months. However, banks are still forecasting a pullback in issuance from the record volumes in the first half. Second half is looking at $250 billion to $350 billion, versus the first half of $550 billion in issuance, and this does include financials as well as industrials. Now fund flows into high-yield bond funds have recently reversed. Last week, Lipper reported $1 billion of fund flows into investment grade. That's the third week of returned inflow following the June swoon, and the year-to-date total inflow is $38 billion. Market observations in high grade include issuers getting comfortable with the slightly higher interest rate environment and from a historical perspective, rates remain attractive. And we do see that some issuers are looking at refinancing 2014 and '15 in the back half following the period of volatility that we've seen. Also I would note M&A dialogue is picking up, but the focus for that is on later this year or 2014. That concludes investment grade, and now I'll move to high yield. In high yield, last week, we saw $7 billion of issuance from 16 issuers. It was the busiest week since May of this year. Last week's deals -- excuse me, this week's deals, $3 billion week-to-date. And the issuance pipeline is currently running 25% up versus 2012 year-to-date. Again, second half is expected to slow a bit, $75 billion to $150 billion and in the second half versus $200 billion in the first half. But 200 -- 2013 levels are at or slightly below the 2012 record amount. Fund flows, again, have reversed in high yield. Dramatic outflows in May and June have normalized and even turned positive last week. Year-to-date, still showing net outflows though of $12 billion. Market observations are that yields remain at near all-time lows with high yield index yielding 6.3% versus the 5-year average of 9.04%. And it's an attractive asset class for fixed income investors as rates rise given shorter duration, less price volatility and low levels of default. Now looking at leveraged loans. Last week, we saw 8 deals. This week, $900 million of issuance week-to-date. The pipeline, year-to-date volume of $350 billion is up 70% from 2012. Second half expectation is $150 billion. That implies also somewhat of a reduction in the pace of supply from first half $350 billion. Fund flows last week in leveraged loans reported the 57th consecutive week of 100 of inflows at $1.7 billion. That's the largest weekly inflow on record by the way. And year-to-date, inflows are at $30 billion. That's more than 3x what we saw in 2012, where the inflow was $9 billion. Market observations include that demand continues to be strong given the feature of protection against rising rates offered by flexible rate leveraged loan paper. So Patrick, sorry for the length of all that, but hope it's pretty complete.
Linda S. Huber: And Bill, it's Linda. Following up on what Ray said, I think your observation is correct. The pipelines look pretty good, pretty strong. But again, we don't control when those pipelines move. And I think what Ray is trying to indicate to you is, we'll probably have some good weeks and we'll probably have some less good weeks, and that's what results from market choppiness. That's on the MIS side. I think we probably should make the observation that for MA, one part of that business, the enterprise of our software business traditionally sees much stronger revenue growth in the fourth quarter, and that seasonality is helpful to us. We are thinking about though the strong numbers that the rating agency put up in the back half of last year, and several of the analysts have observed that we do have tougher comps in the back half of the year, which is something that we're thinking about. On the other hand, we're going to be back to talk to you at Investor Day, which is 8 weeks from today. So we'll see where we get to, and we'll freshen up our observations at that time.
Linda S. Huber: Manav, I think we talked about why we left guidance where it is. On share repurchase, we've added expectation of approximately another $500 million. But that will be in the back half of the year. And looking at that, just looking at the weighted average counts and so on, we'll probably see that the biggest accretive effect of that when we get into 2014. So in other words, we're back-end loaded here. And we decided to leave guidance where it is. And again, we'll see how it works out. But your observation is correct. We will be taking out additional shares. We expect to. But again, that will be occurring in the back half of the year.
Linda S. Huber: Manav, I don't have those handy. Perhaps Ray, can give us a little bit more color. But they continue to be pretty good on what we've heard. We're looking to get more of that information together for Investor Day, but let me see if Ray has anything else to add.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, I think, Manav, again, one way to look at evidence of disintermediation is to look at that European CFG revenue growth number, and that would be one way to try to measure what's going on there.
Linda S. Huber: Peter, it's Linda. I'll talk a little bit about expenses as a whole, but we're not going to go into legal expenses per se. Probably worth noting that as Ray stated in the updated guidance, we're expecting expenses to be in the mid-single digits for growth rate for all of 2013. Second quarter, we popped up a little bit to a 12% growth rate. And that was about a $43 million increase. We expected that someone would ask for some color on that. So about 1/2 of that was compensation-related. The impact of hiring increases, annual compensation increases, some incentive compensation accruals. Another 25% of that was probably best viewed as professional service cost increases for IT and other things related to that. We did note that we're now in compliance on both CRA3 and Dodd-Frank, and we had spent some money to get that done. The other 25% is basically other stuff. So expenses as a whole, I think it's pretty moderate in that we're expecting low-single-digit growth rates over the rest of the year. And just to be sure, we're absolutely clear so that folks can see how to model this. Looking at the number that we have here for the second quarter, it's $405 million. We're still looking at about a $50-ish million ramp over the course of the year, approximately more or less. So if you want to think about how to model expenses as a whole, that might help you out a little bit.
Linda S. Huber: Yes, I do. It was $34.3 million, Peter. And I think we have said -- we're hoping to have that be a little bit flatter this year. First quarter was $30.7 million, and this is just the incentive comp. This quarter, $34.3 million. I think we had guided folks to about $135 million for the rest of the year. With a strong health warning there that if we do better than we expect in the back half, of course, incentive compensation would increase commensurately.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Alex. I'll take a shot at this, and then I'll ask Ray if he has anything further to add. None of us are fixed income capital market traders or desk participants. So I think the information that we gave earlier as to what we're hearing is probably the best indication. I think to sum it up, the pipelines look good. They look strong. And I think the 10-year, at approximately 2.56%, 2.58% today, because there will be 10-year sales later on this week, that's below the 5-year average of 2.73%. And we'll see how that plays out. I think that's probably about the best we can do in terms of where we think things are and what will be moving. High yield is, of course, very rate dependent. As issuance -- as all-in cost come in below 6%, we usually see the high-yield market run very strong, and we have seen some indications that, that may happen or it may not. Leveraged loans, as I had said earlier, are running very strong, both in terms of fund inflows and buyer attraction for that paper, which is floating rate. So with all of that, I think your guess is as good as ours, and I'll see if Ray wants to add anything else.
Linda S. Huber: Alex, we'll also put in a plug on Monday at The Wall Street Journal with some information based on data of ours, in terms of broadening out of use of proceeds in terms of bond issuance. You may want to take a look at that. A little bit of a pickup in M&A. A little bit of pickup in capital expenditures. And those are one of the things -- those are some of the things that we're looking for. Also, as Ray has commented on before, the worst thing for us is a stagflation environment and inflation remains quite reasonably low at this point. So it all boils down to the question of when these pipelines move and encouraged by seeing 6 deals in the market today, 3 financials and 3 industrials. And we'll see what happens. But again, we have 2 parts to this business, and the Moody's Analytics business is performing pretty well.
Linda S. Huber: And Alex, it's Linda. There were 2 interesting things that came through the news overnight. And Ray may be able to speak to these with -- or Michel, with greater detail than I can. One was a proposal that perhaps they might be looking to be some relief on one of the 17g-5 related rules of holding 5% on balance sheet of structured deals. Secondly was an announcement that one -- one of the GSEs had done a securitization of its own -- part of its own balance sheet, and maybe Ray can talk a little or Michel can talk a little bit more about those. But we are seeing some news flow in those areas.
Linda S. Huber: Craig, it's Linda. We're still not going to talk about legal costs. But we did talk openly about our expense outlook so.
Linda S. Huber: And Craig, you can take a look for those wall of refinancing charts in our updated analyst presentation. And we'll show that again, take another look at that, again, when we do Investor Day in 2 months.
Linda S. Huber: And Doug, pretty frequent stories in the press that particularly in the periphery, lesser credits have a difficult time with bank financing and are looking to go to the spec grade market. So to follow-up on what Michel and Ray have said, we think that trend will continue.
Linda S. Huber: Ed, it's Linda. We tend to have issuance more focused in the front half of the year, and we try to keep our equity utilization below 2% for the employees here. So we're looking, as we said, to overall have a reduction in the outstanding shares. And thus far, we've been able to do that. And I'll ask Ray if he wants to comment any further on that.
