Ray McDaniel: Thanks Liz. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I'll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2011. After our prepared remarks we will be happy to respond to your questions.  Fourth quarter revenue of $564 million increased 16% over the prior year reflecting strong performance in credit ratings and growth in all areas of Moody’s Analytics. We saw a continuation of positive third quarter issuance trends for corporate investment grade and high yield obligations, as well as accelerated completion of projects for customers of our risk management software and professional services units. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $197 million, an increase of 10% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.58 included a tax benefit of $0.08 due to utilization of foreign tax credits and lower state taxes. For full year 2010, revenue totaled $2.03 billion, a 13% increase from full year 2009. Operating income of $773 million increased 12% from a year ago. Revenue of Moody’s Investor Service was $1.4 billion, an increase of 15% from the prior year period. Moody’s Analytics revenue was $627 million increased 8% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share of $2.15 for 2010 increased 27% and included a legacy tax benefit of $0.02 in the second quarter, and other tax benefits of $0.15 in the second half of the year associated with the indefinite reinvestment of certain foreign earnings discussed in the third quarter call, and fourth quarter benefits from foreign tax credits and lower state taxes. Excluding these tax items, full year 2010 diluted earnings per share would have been a $1.98 or 16% above the $1.70 for 2009, which includes legacy tax and restructuring related items. I’m now turning the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: I think actually some of the more headline items have already been taken on Regulation FD and at least the indefinite resolution of 436(g). I would continue to pay attention though to what is described as 17g-5 which is the disclosure of information in the structured finance market and its application to U.S and potentially to non-U.S issuers of structured finance. Final resolution on 17g-5 for global securitization issuers would probably be I think the most significant thing that as an external party you would want to pay attention to.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I mean there are going to be on going implementation costs, we assume, consistent with rule making in both the U.S and in Europe, but we believe we have had built that into our existing expense budget. So, at least, according to what we currently expect, that would not cause an upward move in expenses.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, the -- and Linda may want to comment on this as well, but similar to the guidance we gave last year, we do expect sequential increase in costs throughout the year. We don’t expect that that is going to be as large in its magnitude throughout the year as we had in 2010. So look for the same sequential pattern but unless again we have an upside surprise in earnings or operating income, we won’t have that catch up in incentive compensation and contribution to profit sharing in the second half of the year that we did this year, that we did in 2010.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. With respect to the issuance pipeline, certainly January was a strong month, particularly in the U.S. more so than in Europe, and so we do see strong issuance activity in corporate and financial institutions currently, consistent with low absolute rates and narrowing spreads. I also think though we are going to have similar to what we had in 2010 periods where issuance is more robust. And then it shuts down or declines in response to macro economic conditions or concerns, for example, in Europe about whether the sovereign debt issues have been resolved and if so in a favorable way. So I would not be surprised in 2011 to continue to see issuance be somewhat lumpy and it has started out on a strong foot. You didn’t exactly asked this Bill but it does give me an opportunity to talk a little bit about some of the longer term issuance that we might expect to see, and we have been able to release some research just in the last week looking at refinancing needs. We do this each year over the coming five year period and interestingly in the investment grade, U.S. investment grade corporate sector, the amount of debt to be refunded over the coming five years is slightly higher than it was at this time last year. And in the high yield sector, it is down, but not down by very much compared to the, or in context of the very robust issuance we saw in 2010. So it looks like investment grade maturities are going to peak probably in 2013 and high yield peaking in 2014. And as we talked about before, the high yield refinancing is more opportunistic and is more likely to follow windows of opportunity in the markets. 
Ray McDaniel: I think that we are more comfortable with what the costs associated with regulatory compliance are going to be at this point than we have in the past. So I am not too concerned that we are going to have to review pricing midyear in response to regulatory or compliance changes. If something occurs that is very unexpected, I would certainly consider that, but I do not believe we are going to have to. 
Ray McDaniel: No, I think we are still seeing pull forward and really -- and I think you can characterize the pull forward in two ways: one, just refinancing or pre-financing ahead of maturities, but also when one debt instrument or credit facility is maturing, to use that opportunity to refinance other debt obligations on the firm. So, it’s really looking at in many cases at the first debt instrument to mature, pull future maturities forward as well. 
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thank you very much everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you in April. 
Linda Huber: So, we were at 38% for this year and we would hope that’s right, Peter. And we are optimistic. As you see we’ve got revenue growth exceeding expense growth which should help and we’ll see if we get continued good tailwinds in issuance, but we are optimistic on margin expansion for 2011.
Linda Huber: Peter, this year our share repurchases totaled $223.6 million. I think we would be looking at a number of somewhere around there for 2011, and we continue to look for acquisitions that are appropriate and would hit our return hurdles primarily in the Moody’s Analytics area. You saw what we did this year. We would note that as we said previously of our cash which is about $600 million, 1/3 of that is held in US, 2/3rd held overseas, and we used our overseas cash to purchase CFI. So one of the governors is in fact how much cash we have in the US in terms of repurchase. 
Linda Huber: Michael, to put some more of context around this, let me go through the full year here in terms of what happened with the comp piece, and then in you want the quarter I will do that too. For 2010 obviously we had a strong year. As a result of that incentive compensation is about a $117 million, which is up 15% from last year. Our profit sharing number was about $12 million, and we did not have profit sharing in 2009 because we did not hit our 10% EPS target for that last year. Stock based comp remained about flat at 56; salaries and benefits about 620, which we had a few more people here which totals about $800 million, still about 64% of expenses. Now we picked up most of the incentive comp pick up in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. You will recall third quarter we had about $35 million put away for incentive comp. And then in the fourth quarter, because of surprisingly strong performance, we put away $42.8 million for incentive compensation. So that was the big change there in the fourth quarter. Now going into ’11, we’re looking at a 100% bonus target, but as Ray said in his prepared remarks, if we do better, incentive compensation would again be higher.
Linda Huber: Quarter, okay. We’ll go through structured finance first, transaction revenues, transaction driven revenues 46% of the total, relationship 54%. The corporate finance 75% transaction, which obviously is very helpful to us, 25% relationship. Financial institutions, 34% transaction and 66% relationships; and PPIF 64% transaction and 36% relationship, so total for MIS is 60/40. From Moody's Analytics, that’s primarily a subscription business, so 23% transaction, 77% relationship. And for the company as a whole, Craig, for the fourth quarter, 48% transaction, 52% relationship. 
Linda Huber: Let me find my structured finance page here and we’ll do that. Fourth quarter asset backed are 29% of revenues, RMBS 24% of revenue, real estate 20% of revenue and derivatives 26% of revenue, which totaled as I think Ray said $76 million for the fourth quarter.
Linda Huber: I think Craig we were -- we were still comfortable with the 15 to 25 that we had talked about before. I’ve gone through the expense drivers for Peter and I’d kind of given a sort of a $30 million other bucket, so that’s in there. We are encouraged because we’re starting to see some deceleration in this rate of regulatory increase, I am not sure that we’ll see an absolute reduction, but again we’re starting to see some deceleration, which is also helpful as we talk about the margin line.
Linda Huber: One further point though, we’re speaking only to refinancing and pre-financing here, it’s important to note that we’re starting to see some positive trends in terms of investment spending for CapEx, particularly amongst industries that have been stronger performers. So, important to remember that issuance can be for refinancing and pre-financing, but it can also be for M&A driven transactions, it can be for where we see some borrowing for share buybacks, and we also see borrowing for CapEx. So, there are many more reasons to finance than just refinancing and pre-financing. We’re starting to see those uses of financing broaden out which is one reason why we are optimistic going into this year.
Linda Huber: Bill, it’s Linda one final thing here on the mix, which is helpful to us. If you look for -- look at full year 2010, investment grade made up 19% of our revenue in corporate this year; last year was 29%. In contrast sec grade has moved from 20% to 25% and bank loans have moved from 7% in ’09 to 17% in 2010. That’s the mix that’s just more favorable for us. So part of what you see here is volume part of it is priced but the mix of the issued securities is also helpful to us, so couple of things going on there.
Linda Huber: Let me just say it again so we make sure we’ve got it right. Let me start by saying we’re expecting our cash flow to remain very strong for 2011 and we’re pleased about that and that’s -- it couldn’t be a number that is above $600 million cash flow from operations. If you peel out of that, CapEx is going to be about $75 million, and so we continue to have very good strong free cash flow. Now what we would look to do with that as we said was modest share repurchase and I mentioned that this year we did $223 million of share repurchase. We expected to do something in that neighborhood in ’11 unless market conditions change and then we may kick it up some. What I was talking about also is the fact that of our cash balances, about a third of them are held here in the U.S., two thirds are held overseas because they are taxed at a much lower rate. So, we could move that stuff around, but then we have a tax hit so we have to kind of balance what we’re doing here. So hope that that answer is what you need.Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Yeah, I just want a clarification on that. Thank you.
Linda Huber: It will offset by quite a bit, let me see if I can…Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Okay, that’s fine.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I am sorry. The growth that we expect to see in the public project and infrastructure finance area, we think is going to be driven more by international infrastructure and project finance in 2011 than it is by U.S municipal assurance. We had strong assurance in 2010, in part associated with the expiration of Build America Bond program. So, the driver for that line, we think in 2011 is going to be more international and more infrastructure.
Raymond McDaniel: I think we would expect to be able to get mid-single-digit price increases overall. As we said before, Craig, there are some areas where that’s not feasible and other areas where we think it’s more appropriate, but a mid-single-digit number overall for the year I think is fair. 
Raymond McDaniel: I don’t have that broken out, but if we can get our hands on it before the end of the call, we will. 
Raymond McDaniel: Michel Madelain may wish to comment on this after I do, particularly from a European perspective. But I would point to the most significant driver as being disintermediation, the accessing -- having multiple points of access to capital, so that it’s not exclusively through bank relationships, I think has characterized the motivation of corporations both in the U.S. and in Europe in recent years. And the good news for capital markets and ratings on capital market instruments is that once they are in the bond markets or in the rated loan markets, firms tend to stay there. So increasing the stock of debt outstanding in capital markets increases the future pipeline for refinancing, and so it’s a step up in business activity that is related to Moody’s Services through ratings in research. And again I invite Michel to add any color on to that comments that he’d like.
Michel Madelain: Sure. Corporate investment grade 20%, high yield 26%, bank loans 18% and other, which as you know is medium term notes, shelved commercial paper and so on, it’s 35%, of total of $165 million of corporate finance revenues. And let me see if we can find FIG, for the fourth quarter total of FIG, $65.7 million, banking 68% of that, insurance 26%, and managed investments 6%. And PPIF, let me see what we’ve got here. For the fourth quarter, total $76 million, public finance and sovereigns, 51%, munis 7%, and project and infrastructure 42%.
Michel Madelain: Thanks, Ray. I think -- I would just say that in U.S. it’s really more the volume phenomena which was described before, and in Europe and some of the international markets, it’s really the phenomena of moving from bank to bonds effectively we’re seeing. And we also see that as a long-term trend that is only starting to show an impact basically.
Michel Madelain: No, I would just say that, you talked earlier about project and infrastructure outside of the U.S. where we see upside each year, but also corporate side both investment grade and spec grade subject to qualifiers you just gave me.Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Great, thank you.
