Ray McDaniel: Thanks Sally. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining today’s call.  I’ll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2011 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2011. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $577 million increased 21% over the prior year reflecting strong corporate debt issuance and increased structured finance ratings activity, supporting growth in Moody's investor service, and continued solid performance for Moody's Analytics. All reporting units of both MIS and MA grew in the first quarter of 2011 from the same prior year period. Operating income for the first quarter was $250 million, 27% above the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.67 an increase of 43% year over year. We are raising our full-year 2011 EPS guidance to a range of $2.22 to $2.32 from the prior range of $2.12 to $2.22, based on strong first quarter performance. Our expectations for market conditions for the remainder of the year are generally unchanged from our February guidance. I will now turn the call over to Linda, to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll continue with an update on legislative and regulatory developments. First, in the U.S. the principal regulatory activities for 2011 affecting Moody's Investor Service will be SEC rule making under the Dodd-Frank Act. The majority of rules are now expected to be proposed through July 2011 on matters that include reporting of internal controls, transparency of ratings performance and references to credit ratings and statutes, regulations and rules.  Adoption of the proposed set of rules is expected is during the second half of 2011. While new rules entail various changes in our rating agency processes and operations and require us to adapt our business, we will not alter our fundamental business objective to provide the highest quality, credit opinions, research and analysis.  Turning to Europe, the transfer of oversight of credit rating agencies from National regulators to newly-established European securities and market authority, or ESMA ,is schedule to be effective July 2011.  We have submitted an application for registration of our EU-based entities and for authorization to endorse our non-European credit ratings so that they qualify for regulatory use by EU regulated entities. We believe that this positioning will support the efficient flow of capital across national borders and best meet the current needs of all users of credit ratings. Moody's registration process is expected to be concluded in the second quarter of 2011.  The [inaudible] and commission is also scheduled to propose new rules for the rating agency industry in the third quarter of 2011, regarding matters that include competition, business models, liability, and the use of ratings and regulations. As regulatory reviews and activity occur in other jurisdictions, we will continue advocate for globally-consistent approaches that align with the G20 statements and directives. I’ll conclude this mornings prepared remarks by discussing our full-year guidance. Moody’s outlook for 2011 is based on assumptions about many macro-economic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, merger and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the eventual withdrawal of government sponsored economic stabilization initiatives. There’s an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions and if actual conditions differ Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from our current forecast.  As mentioned earlier, we’re revising our EPS guidance upward for the full-year 2011 to a range of $2.22 to $2.32 reflecting strong first quarter performance. Our expectations for market conditions for the remainder of the year are generally unchanged from our February guidance.  Our full-year outlook assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. Our revenue expectations for certain areas of change based on conditions specific to those businesses and geographies. My comments highlight only those components that have been revised, and we refer you to our earnings release for a full review of our 2011 guidance. For Moody's corporation, we now expect full-year 2011 revenue to grow in the low double-digit percent range. We do not expect early strength to continue at levels above our February guidance.  Full-year expenses are now projected to increase in the high-single digit percent range.  At Moody's Investor Service, we now expect global revenue growth in the low double-digit percent range. In the U.S. we now expect MIS revenue to increase in the mid-to-high single digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is expected to grow in the mid-to-high teens percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to increase in the high-teens percent range, with on-going activity driven by refinancing, mergers and acquisitions, and other capital needs.  Structured finance revenue is now expected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range, while revenue from financial institutions is now expected to increase in the high-single digit percent range. Public project and infrastructure finance revenue is now projected to grow in the mid-single digit percent range.  For Moody's Analytics, our guidance remains unchanged given the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of revenue and a relatively small number of engagements within the risk management software revenue line. That concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question and answer session are Michele Madelain, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service, and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics.  We’d be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Ray McDaniel: And with respect to the first quarter structured finance performance, Michael, you’re correct, we do expect the first quarter is going to show higher revenue than we would see for the quarters going forward the rest of the year. And the improvement in the first quarter was primarily driven by the demand for ratings on securitization in Europe that were being placed with government sponsored facilities. And so the ratings that were mandated as a result of that applied to ratings that were already outstanding in the market in part and that contributed to the growth in the area.  That has largely been run through the system at this point, so we would expect to revert more to a run rate like we had seen in recent quarters. 
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I just would underscore Linda’s comment that these are somewhat speculative on our part as we don’t know exactly what all of the drivers are between ourselves and our competition. 
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, we had good growth in speculative-grade ratings in Europe. I’ve mentioned in some recent quarters that while the speculative-grade market in Europe historically has not been material, it has been growing rapidly and is becoming a much more important component. That may be a source of gain.  We also had strength in international project and infrastructure finance, which is a source of gain.  And on the Moody’s Analytics side of the business, we actually have a majority of our business outside the U.S. and that not only benefited from good growth in the base business, but we also had the CSI acquisition, which contributed to international revenue. 
Ray McDaniel: Sure. It’s, as we said, a very high level. We still see generally favorable conditions in the capital markets and we expect those are going to – those conditions are going to continue through the year. I think the pipeline reflects that across our businesses. We certainly believe that we have seen pull forward in the corporate sector, both investment grade and high yield into the first quarter of the year. And that pull forward may have a dampening effect on issuance later in the year. On the other hand, we are seeing increased debt financed merger and acquisition activity and a broader set of reasons from issuers for issuing debt including share repurchase business expansion activities.  So the mix of corporate issuance is becoming more diverse and we feel that’s a positive and an offset to the pull forward that we saw in the first quarter.  On the structure and finance side, I would characterize the pipeline as being not bad. As I said, we don’t think we’re going to have the first quarter revenue run rate through the rest of the year, but we certainly have a reasonable pipeline of business over on that side. 
Ray McDaniel: Well, I guess, Peter, it may be as much my expectations leveling out as anything else. It’s variable. We had good growth in Europe in the first quarter and as we’ve talked about, a lot of this had to do with securitization going to government sponsored enterprises. But we also had growth in the covered bond area for example, and we think that is a more enduring source of growth. The commercial real estate finance area in the first quarter was good, both in the U.S. and internationally. CLOs, we have – are optimistic about the long-term prospects for CLOs, but whether some of these asset categories are going to show good growth in 2011, at this point probably relates not only to regulatory changes that have been put in place, but also just the economics in terms of where spreads are and whether it’s the right time for – for example, CLOs and certain forms of real estate securitization to come to market.  So economic conditions are going to dictate the timing even though we are optimistic in the longer run about some of these asset classes. 
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I mean, we are – I think our central case if that we do not expect rates to increase significantly in the coming quarters. And in particular because of what we’re seeing in terms of corporate performance we would expect some modest spread narrowing to continue so that absolute rates probably will not change dramatically. So again, in terms of the conditions for 2011, we don’t expect big changes driven by rates.
Ray McDaniel: And Craig, this is Ray. I would just add, although – you can do the math. Although the relationship percentage is down compared to transaction, the absolute dollars of relationship revenue are up year on year, both for Moody's investor service and Moody's Analytics.   
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, we’ve had a couple of developments in the first quarter. First of all, the litigation on auction rate, securities known as the [inaudible] litigation. The claim against Moody's was dismissed. And then we also had a shareholders class-action or reported class action in which the class certification was denied.  So those are the principal development in the first quarter. Looking forward, we have a – we had a hearing on the Calper’s case in which following the fourth quarter hearing last year in which speech – ratings were recognized as speech. There was a second hearing in which the judge denied the plaintiff discovery. And that will be followed by a hearing in August to – for the plaintiff to make its case. We don’t whether that August hearing will result in a ruling in August from the court or not. So the next date we’re looking for is August but we don’t know what the consequences of that hearing will be, or the timing that comes from that.  Then finally, the Abadie litigation is in discovery. We expect it’s going to continue into discovery through the summer and perhaps in to the fall. So the timing on that case remains I would say, quite uncertain. 
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, and you hit on it. The public finance, the U.S. Public Finance business was down in the first quarter, not surprisingly, but we did have good growth in the project and infrastructure line. And that was international. So that offset and actually did a little better than offset the decline in the U.S. public finance business. We do think that international infrastructure project finance is going to be na area of strength, going forward. It is about the same size as the U.S. municipal business in the first quarter in terms of our revenues. And we do think that the global infrastructure needs are going to be in place for a number of years.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, sure. I think the dialog that’s going on is trying to respond to the mandate under Dodd-Frank to reduce the reliance on ratings and regulation, and the requirement that government regulators and enterprises review their use of ratings and regulations with an eye to finding alternatives. As you probably know, we support that. We think that we have a healthy industry and a healthy business without the extent of use of ratings and regulations that currently exist. However, there also seems to be a real struggle to find an alternative. So we don’t know how, whether it’s a banking system regulators or SCC or others, are ultimately going to resolve that. But Moody's position is that whether ratings are ultimately used or some alternative is used, the systemic consequences from using any third-party measure of credit risk depends on how those measures are used as opposed to just what measure is chosen. So we are weighing in on this debate more on that side rather than the actual use of ratings and regulations.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thank you. Just before we end the call, I wanted to let everyone know that Moody's will be hosting investor day this year. Based on feedback, we’re going to make this by-annual event and in [inaudible], we will be attending a number of conferences in the May/June time frame. Our next investor day will be held in mid-2012. I just want to thank you all for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Yes, Michael, if you want to take that one first. Expenses for the first quarter were $320 million and we’re expecting 40-million-ish perhaps on top of that over the course of the year by the time you get to the fourth quarter. So yes, it would ramp in an upward slopping way between now and the end of the fourth quarter. 
Linda Huber: Michael, let me take a shot at it. We noticed that the 10-Q from [inaudible] is out this morning Obviously, we haven’t had a chance to study it, but we have a couple of thoughts on this.  For our first quarter revenue growth for MIS, which was up $77 million, most of that, the lion’s share of that is certainly coming from corporate finance and then the rest from structured. And we can go through that in a little bit.  The main drivers of the difference over S&P as we see it is we benefit from the fact that the ECB is looking for second ratings and as Ray has spoken about, before that increased our structured finance business.  We’d also note that the two companies have different approaches to transaction and recurring revenue. As you know, we’re more tilted toward transaction revenue and that benefits us during a high-volume high-issuance market.  Thirdly, our pricing and mix changes were amplified by strong issuance, so strong activity in bank loans, high yields and other places that are particularly helpful to us. And we are seeing a continued flow of new rating requests; people looking for ratings for counter-party activities and to provide a safeguard if they’re unable to borrow at attractive rates from their local banks.  So really, a bunch of different reasons and I’ll let Ray comment further on that. 
Linda Huber: Sure. Our incentive compensation accrual for the first quarter was $29.4 million, Bill. That included about $7.5 million of incentive compensation as a result of our raising our outlook for 2011, taking up our guidance. We’ve done a little bit better than we had expected. 
Linda Huber: Peter, let me start by doing something different and correcting something that was written this morning. We had a – we’re looking at a piece written by Sloan Bohlen that indicated that we expect our full-year margins to be 46%. That is not true. We are guiding margins 38 to 40%.  The reason, Peter, why we’re at those levels, we view first quarter as potentially being the strongest margin quarter in the year. There’re two things going on. We’re expecting the revenue view this year potentially to be perhaps U-shaped; a little bit different than what we’ve seen in previous years. And as I mentioned before, we see expenses ramping up over the course of the year.  So with all that considered, we’re at 38 to 40%. You know, we would hope that would come in at the high end, but we’ll have to see how it goes. So those two things together keep us moderated in our thoughts of what the margin outlook is for the year. 
Linda Huber: Peter, last year we did, I think, in 2010 we did 224 million. I think that’s sort of how we define modest. We saw a good opportunity in the first quarter to repurchase 4.3 million shares of stock at 29.94 so we’re feeling pretty good about that. We’ll have to see how conditions look and what’s going on in the marketplace.  So we have some room to go and we may add a little bit to that, but I think modest is about what we did last year. 
Linda Huber: Sure. Starting with structure for first quarter 2011, transactions were 54% of fees where relationship was 46%. Now, interestedly, that’s an absolute reverse of what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2010 where it was backwards; transactions were 46 and relationship 54. So as Ray commented you’re seeing the pickup in activity and structure finance.  Looking at corporate, 76% transaction, 24% relationship. Financial Institutions 43% transaction, 57% relationship; and Public Project and Infrastructure 55% transaction, 45% relationship. Total for the rating agency is 62% transaction, and 38% relationship. And Moody's Analytics’ is 17% transaction, 83% relationship.
Linda Huber: Sure, okay. So FIG is flattish from this time last year, $76.9 million, banking is 53.5, insurance 19.9, managed investment is 3.6.  So all of them are looking relatively like they did last year. And again, we had an increase of only $700,000 here in the financial institution’s group line.  Turning to PPIF, PFG in soverance about $30 million, that’s 46%, Muni’s 4.5 and both of those lines were down a little bit from this point last year. Project and infrastructure $30 million that was up about 20% from last year. And for total, $64.5 million for PPIF, last year at this time it was 61.4. So you see FIG and public project infrastructure are basically flattish and corporate into a lesser extend structure are really driving the changes in MIS revenue.
Linda Huber: Yes, I do, Doug. Last year fourth quarter we had a total of 4,461 employees, 2,333 U.S., 2,128 international. We finished the first quarter with net addition of only 53 heads and that’s a 1% increase in headcount. So we talked before about last year’s – 2010s 9% headcount increase. We had said 4 to 5% headcount increase total for 2011, so as you can see, we’ve lightened up on that. Total MCO headcount at the end of the first quarter was 4,514, 2,350 basically in the U.S. and 2,170 internationally basically. Pretty close to even.
Linda Huber: Sure, we take a look at our dividend every quarter and we traditionally increased our dividend in line with earnings. So that’s, that’s really what we were doing there. We’re balancing the dividend increases and the share repurchases activity. And I think I answered a question earlier for, Peter, that we would continue to see that share repurchase being modest for this year. In terms of cash flow expectations for the year, I don’t think we’ll go there specifically. Our [inaudible] is not filed yet. In terms of the levels of cash that we have, $720 million were up $60 million from the end of fourth quarter. And I would note, that cash flow has been strengthening as issuance activity has been stronger. So we feel good about our cash flow, the increase in the dividend cost us about $23 million a year, which is something we can handle quite easily. So we’ll continue to look at these things to make sure we keep them in balance, but we’re serious about the return in capital to shareholders.  
