Robert Fauber: Yes, Kevin, thanks. That’s a great way to actually, I think, kind of kick off the call. And when I took over as CEO a little over a year ago, we had a business that was in great shape, and it was really poised for the next chapter of growth. And I was thinking back -- actually before I got on this call, I was thinking back to it a year ago, and I talked about 3 strategic priorities at the time that I thought would really help us reinforce and accelerate growth. And that's probably a word you'll get to hear a lot on the call today. And we've really been active executing on that over the last kind of 12 to 14 months. And the first of those is deepening our understanding of our customers, and the reason that's so important is that our customers' needs around risk are evolving very rapidly. I mean the pandemic accelerated that. So risks are more complex. They're more interrelated. There's a wider range of risks that organizations are grappling with. We've talked about that. But better understanding these needs allows us to produce new offerings that our customers value and that then translates into more revenue per customer and adding new customers in new market segments. The second is investing with intent to grow and scale. And in 2021, we made a number of moves to enhance our offerings and our competitive position in key markets. That included insurance and climate and KYC and commercial real estate. And really, the goal here, Kevin, is to have more comprehensive offerings, again, to be able to deepen customer penetration and to add new customers that allow us to grow faster. The third area that I talked about as a focus area was collaborating, modernizing and innovating. And we're working together across the company to provide our customers with this more integrated and holistic view of risk. And that means enhancing the workflow platforms for our customers and connecting them in ways that add real value, but also bearing down on technology enablement across the firm to help our own people become more efficient and to be able to leverage tools from across the firm. So Kevin, maybe just if you would allow me just, kind of looking out now into the year ahead, I think the strategy and the road map are set. We've been very clear about that for the last year. We're now focused on activating our people and accelerating our growth. And this year, I think you're going to see us focus on a few key things that are going to contribute to delivering long-term shareholder value: exceeding our customers' expectations by better understanding their sense of value and delivering a better experience; realizing the benefits of investments, especially over the last 12 months because they've been substantial to drive industry-leading growth; building out what we call internally our risk operating system so that we can deliver differentiated integrated solutions; and then finally, making Moody's a place that people want to come and stay. And I think as we do that, we're going to be able to really deliver for our stakeholders, our employees, our customers, our investors and our communities.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Sure, Andrew, happy to do that. I talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about some ongoing tailwinds, and we've got a positive macroeconomic backdrop. We've got healthy M&A pipeline, continuing refinancing needs. But we also -- and we've talked about this a number of times on this call, we've got a tough comp. So as we talked about, for 2022, we're looking at issuance to decline in that low single-digit percent range. And let me talk a little bit about what goes into that and what may be some of the upside, downside. I think a real key to our outlook is around leveraged loans. And you could see that in our guidance is that, we expect leverage loans to be off something like 10% off of what was a really strong year last year. But I would note that there is an enormous amount of private equity money that's got to get put to work. And that's going to continue to drive leverage loan activity, and we have seen that in the month of January despite the fact that there has been some volatility, and that's impacted investment grade and high yield. Leveraged loans have continued a very robust pace. So that for us is really something to watch when you look at the outlook. And then if -- depending on what goes on with leveraged loans, we would expect that to spill over to CLOs, certainly, like we saw last year. And then obviously, a big wildcard, I know we're all focused on is kind of the patient trajectory of interest rate hikes. And that -- we're going to have to see how that plays out. In terms of kind of the downside, maybe just to touch on a couple of things on our mind there. I think Omicron reminded us that COVID variants can still be a little bit of a wildcard to economic recovery and supply chain issues that are exacerbating inflation and then in turn, may have some impact on interest rates. And I think just in general, as Central Banks are starting a tightening cycle and starting to back away from all the monetary stimulus that has been in the economy over the last several years, I think there's just, again, kind of back to the pace and how the market expects that to unfold. It produces -- I think there's a chance for an unexpected surprise, right, any time that you've got something like this going on. And if there's an unexpected surprise, we're going to see bouts of volatility. We've seen a little bit of that already. There wasn't much volatility in the last 2 years. It was just kind of full on. So if we do see that, that may provide a little bit of downside.
Robert Fauber: Yes, Andrew, maybe let me just talk a little bit more broadly about how we're addressing the broader Chinese credit market because I think that's how we're thinking -- really thinking about it. And the first way we're doing that is serving international investors who are investing in bonds that are issued by Chinese companies in the cross-border market. And there, we have a very strong position through MIS, and we expect that position to continue. The second is international investors who are investing in local currency bonds issued by Chinese companies in the domestic bond market. And we recently launched something called China CreditView. I talked about it, I think, in the last earnings call, that covers about 1,000 Chinese companies with ratings and model-derived ratings, financial statements, financial statement scores. And we've been really pleased with the early reception to that product. We've got almost 100 active prospects from our core international investor customer base. And they really like the access to the broad coverage and the global scale ratings. The third are domestic Chinese investors who are investing in the local currency domestic bond market. And here, we address that, as you're probably aware, through CCXI and despite some challenges last year, they continue to be the market leader. Just to kind of put it in perspective for you, last year, they completed several thousand ratings, including both fundamental and structured finance. So the scale of that business is quite significant. So all of this is factored into both, our outlook for both MIS but also as well as MA.
Robert Fauber: That's probably that's its own topic. I don't -- Alex, I'm happy to cover that if you'd like, but let me just pause there.
Robert Fauber: All right. Well, I guess the other leg of this, right, is the MIS kind of a medium-term outlook. And I guess, let me just kind of share with you how we thought about it. So for starters, I think we all understand we're at the tail end of a period of ultra-low interest rates. We've just finished 2 years of enormous issuance and we're entering a tightening cycle. And I think that would imply some natural headwind versus issuance over the last several years, and you can see that in this year's guide for MIS. So we've put out a range for MIS revenue growth. And consistent with this year's guide, we expect to be at the lower end of that range in the short term. And as rates and growth expectations normalize, we'd expect to see a pickup in MIS revenue growth towards the higher end of that range such that, on average, over the 5 years, we're at low mid-single digits. And I'm happy to -- or anybody else on the call, I'm happy to build on that and what went into that outlook, but let me just pause there and see if we can get to your next question.
Robert Fauber: You bet, Ashish. You've got the algorithm. So let me just talk about the factors as we develop that range. And you're right, we always talk about issuance activity being highly correlated to GDP growth over the medium to long term. But it's interesting, if you just step back and look at the last couple of years, in 2020, we had economic contraction, and we had enormous issuance. So that relationship hasn't necessarily held. And this year, obviously, as we look forward, we've got economic growth, but our outlook for issuance is to be slightly down. And what I think we've got going on is that there is a digestion and normalization period that's going on here. As we come out of the pandemic and this unprecedented amounts of monetary and fiscal stimulus that have driven all of this issuance, and we've had this kind of rapid economic cycles. But on average, we expect that relationship to hold. So again, I think there's this normalization and digestion period here. But you're exactly right. The other thing that we're looking at growth in the maturity walls given all of the debt that's been issued over the last several years, and that provides some support or kind of what I think of as like ballast for our transaction-based revenues. On the last earnings call, I think we talked about the forward 4-year refunding needs have increased something like 9% to $4 trillion for U.S. and European issuers. There's just a lot of debt out there that's got to get refinance, and it was something like 19% for U.S. leveraged loan maturities. So there was some pull forward, further pull forward in the fourth quarter, but I don't think it was outside of historical ranges. So these maturity walls still imply some good support for future issuance. We've got pretty good visibility and confidence around recurring revenues, especially with all the first time issuers that have come into the market. I think the recent strength of the leveraged loan market provides support for a view that disintermediation is still alive and well. And then, Ashish, you noted the opportunity for us to kind of support and enhance the value we deliver to our customers, things like sustainable finance that I touched on are places where we're going to be able to expand our offerings and support our value proposition and, in turn, support our pricing.  So the way I think about it, Ashish is near term, we've got some digestion and normalization, but the structural drivers to support MIS revenue growth, I mean, they're intact over the medium term. And so I would expect growth to start to kind of pick up through the medium-term horizon from that low single digit to more like that mid-single-digit.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Maybe we'll tag team the answer here. Part of it when you think about revenue outperformance of issuance, a number of things go into that, right? One of those is what we talk about, mix. And I think broadly, we have assumed a generally consistent mix with what we've seen over the last several years. That mix has generally been favorable. But then a number of other things go into that, that allow us to typically kind of exceed issuance growth. Remember, I don't know, 1/3 to 40% of the business is recurring, and that continues to grow. Then we've got pricing. We've got new issuers through disintermediation, so those are the kind of building blocks.
Robert Fauber: Owen, it's Rob. So one of the things that we're doing is we're in the process of converting some of our customers from kind of legacy on-prem solutions that we provide to them to our new SaaS-based solutions. And so we talked a little bit about what's going on there in terms of that conversion. But that does a couple of things for us. One, it -- these SaaS solutions give us an opportunity to get a little more revenue uplift, but it also helps with our penetration and our ability to integrate our offerings. So if you kind of think about what we've got across kind of the banking and ERS, we're building out an ecosystem that helps support banks around origination, risk, finance and planning. And so rather than kind of a collection of kind of legacy on-prem, what we're trying to do is build out a connected SaaS-based ecosystem that's going to allow us to connect this better and to be able to help our customers kind of work across their departments, and that's what we hear from them all the time. So that's really what's behind that strategy.
Robert Fauber: Manav, we had a pretty busy 12 months. We are very focused, as I said, on realizing the benefit of those investments. And we're excited about the opportunity with RMS that there's a lot of work to do, and we need to make sure we're executing on that. I would also note, Manav, we bought 3 small businesses in the KYC space just in the fourth quarter. And that was part of this investment that was going on in the fourth quarter and accelerating the integration, so we could accelerate our speed to market with this workflow solution from a company called PassFort.  So I guess what I would say, Manav, is we're feeling pretty good because we have invested a lot in building out our capabilities in some areas that we think are very important. You know that we're always out there. We have a great corporate development team. But we feel like we've really enhanced our capabilities. We've added our customers added customers in new areas, and we're really focused on executing this year to realize the benefit of that.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. So first of all, I just -- I think we see a path and have confidence that we can But as Mark said, there may also be some M&A along the way. But we feel good about it. And the reason why, I'd say 2 things. One, we're in markets that are growing. I mean if you look at the current addressable market that we talk about, a number of just the underlying markets are growing nicely, right? So I think of that as we live in an attractive neighborhood. And obviously, we, as a team and as a company, are trying to focus our investments on the most attractive parts of that broader addressable market. But second, we've been investing heavily. It's been a theme on this call, to build out the capabilities. And it's been through some of the acquisitions, where we think now we've got world-class capabilities around climate at scale. We have got a -- what we believe is a very strong platform for KYC and financial crime compliance. And it's no longer just our data, but now we have a workflow platform that we're integrating into. And that's really -- that's an important need for our customers in the market. We're investing in our commercial real estate business. We invested specifically in the fourth quarter to accelerate some of our product launches into -- that will give us some growth into 2022 and beyond. So I guess we feel good about the growth prospects of the markets we're serving, and we feel good about the capabilities that we have been building and acquiring and integrating to be able to capitalize on those growth opportunities.
Robert Fauber: I guess I would say 2 things. One, we knew where we wanted to invest based on the strategy and the market opportunity and where we thought we have a real right to win in the market. And we have what we call internally these business blueprints that we use to figure out what do we need to do both from a organic investment standpoint but also from an acquisition standpoint. And so we felt like it was important to build out those capabilities to accelerate the build-out of those capabilities and the acquisition of those capabilities because we feel that speed to market in some of these markets that we serve is really important. You've heard me talk about that, KYC, that market is growing. And you see we're growing that, depending on the time period, mid-20s or more. What that means is you've got a lot of customers who are adopting new solutions and the retention rates are high. And so we want to be able to get those customers onto our platforms. I think the same is going to be true with climate. As we think about the need, as Craig asked about, isn't there a great opportunity beyond insurance? Yes, there is. But we've got to have the capabilities to be able to meet that need quickly. So I think there was an element of wanting to really enhance our speed to market. And it was an active year. There was a lot out there. We know that there were a lot of opportunities that were also out in the market. So I don't know if it's an anomaly. We don't have a quota. We have plans on how we want to drive growth, and we're going to continue to execute on these plans.
Robert Fauber: George, it's Rob. So I think our view is that they probably have a consistent pricing opportunity. I guess you might be able to argue, well, isn't there more upside with inflation. I think we just have a long-term view on pricing in the rating agency and MA, I mean, all across the firm. We want to be prudent and thoughtful about price. Price is obviously important to our customers as well. So what it's really about -- and we get questions about this in the rating agency -- it's about making sure that we are reinforcing the value proposition that we deliver to our customers. And I think an important part of that for MIS going forward is going to be around sustainable finance. I mean we hear from our customers all the time. It's I've got a sustainable finance program, and I want Moody's to be able to help me with credit rating, my second-party opinion, various aspects of that. We're also integrating all that into our research for the investors and our issuers' fixed income issuance. So that's how we think about supporting that value proposition. And I think, again, we're taking a long-term view. In terms of labor costs, Mark touched on it. Look, we're investing in our people, and I'm sure you've heard this on a number of calls of companies that you cover, we're no different. We're investing to make sure that our compensation increases are competitive with the market, but also making sure that we are retaining the key talent that we need to drive the company forward. And you can imagine there are certain types of skills that are in high demand. We're very focused on making sure that we can attract and retain that kind of talent.
Robert Fauber: Across MA, so I guess -- so George, you're right, we have made several investments in KYC. It's a pretty fragmented market. We're building out our capabilities. We acquired some capabilities, and we're integrating those. There may be other opportunities. I mean, I think one thing that you hear from us as a management team is we're trying to invest in high-growth opportunities where we think we're well positioned to win in the market. KYC is one of those. So yes, we have made some investments, but I think you'll see us continue to make investments -- organic, it may be inorganic, if it's on our business blueprint. And so we've been pretty clear about where we want to continue to build scale across the business. Where we see very strong growth, it's KYC, it's insurance and banking, it's commercial real estate and then ESG and climate.
Robert Fauber: Yes. And Christian, one other thing to add, I think we'll be able to give you some insights into how we think about the growth in those underlying markets that we serve at Investor Day. So I think that's going to guarantee that you're going to be attending.
Robert Fauber: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you at Investor Day on March 10. And with that, I think, we'll bring the call to a close.
Mark Kaye: No, Kevin. Absolutely. So maybe let me do a little bit of contextual answer, and then I'll address the specific question. So we remain very focused on prudent capital planning and allocation. As a management team, we first identify opportunities for organic and inorganic investments in high-growth markets, like we did in 2021 that really enrich the ecosystem of data, analytical solutions and insights that are required to serve our customers. And then after deploying those investment dollars, we seek to return capital to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.  And in 2022, we plan to return at least $2 billion, about 80% of our global free cash flow to our stockholders, subject to of course, available cash market conditions, et cetera. And that's going to include our expectation to repurchase at least $1.5 billion in shares including the execution of a $500 million ASR in the first half of the year as well as approximately $500 million in dividends through a quarterly dividend of $0.70 per share, which is a 13% increase from our prior quarterly dividend of 62%. And really, finally, I think the key point here is we do remain very committed as a team to anchoring our financial leverage around a BBB+ rating, which we believe provides an optimal balance between lowering the cost of capital and elevating our financial flexibility.
Mark Kaye: Toni, good afternoon. The MA medium-term revenue outlook that we're providing this morning of low to mid-teens percentage growth really does reflect our confidence in significant opportunity we have given customers demand for our integrated risk assessment products and solutions. We believe there are multiple pods to achieving this target, at least one of which is through continued investment in organic product development and sales distribution capacity. And it's through these organic investments, along with projected growth in our recurring revenue base that we expect total MA organic revenue to grow at the higher end of the low teens percentage range, for example, to at least $4 billion by year-end 2025. Naturally, any incremental bolt-on M&A that accelerates or advances our capabilities and product offerings and which is hypothetically similar in size and scope to how historically completed acquisitions could elevate us to the mid-teens percentage revenue growth. And putting that in context, we also recognize that strategic success is not only about revenue growth, but also about concurrently expanding the margin. And so we are reaffirming in the outlook that we issued today the medium term, mid-30s MA adjusted operating margin as subscription-based products provide more operating leverage and as recurring revenue comprises an increasing proportion of MA's total revenue over the medium term.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So in 2021, our actual ESG revenue was approximately $29 million, and that reflected $22 million in stand-alone ESG revenue related to our Climate Solutions Sustainable Finance in ESG research signified products. As well as an additional 7 million from integrating how ESG-related solutions into MIS and MA products that Rob spoke about. So it's a 36% year-over-year growth. For 2022, we are expecting to further increase our direct and attributable ESG-related revenue by another approximately 35% to $40 million. And the drivers for our estimated 2020 ESG financial performance are going to include increased demand for those climate solutions and the need to include and integrate those ESG factors into the credit analysis and investment decisions. Just as a reminder, we do have a significant amount of climate-related revenue within RMS, which we are considering reporting perhaps later this year, together with our direct and attributable ESG-related revenue to give you a holistic picture.
Mark Kaye: Alex, we expect to grow adjusted diluted EPS in the low double digit percent range over the medium term by balancing organic and to the extent inorganic investments with the return of capital to stockholders. The difference between our new medium-term adjusted EPS target and the prior long-term EPS guidance is primarily driven by the expectation for incremental organic strategic investment and reduced capital leverage from share repurchases based on the assumption that Moody's share price continues to increase as well as lower discrete tax benefits on a percentage basis as adjusted net income itself grows.
Mark Kaye: Sure. In 2022, we are expecting to increase our spending on organic strategic investments to be approximately $150 million, and that's really aimed at capturing the incremental opportunities we are seeing in the market. And that implies that our planned spend over the 2-year period is approximately $300 million. These anticipated investments are really going to be focused on increasing our sales force and go-to-market activities. It's going to be a continuation of our 2021 strategic investment road maps in the high-priority markets, specifically KYC, CRE, banking, ESG and climate, et cetera, as well as some of the technology enablement and product development that we're focused on. I also want to just mention that in addition to this $150 million, we are expecting expenses to increase by at least $15 million as we also continue investing in our employees. And again, our employees connect deeply to our mission as a company, and we want to make sure that we attract and retain the best talent in order to achieve our growth aspirations. As I think forward to the MA margin over the medium term, these investments to the extent that they continue to be productive and favorable will continue forward, and they will be allocated in the way that we think about the highest and best use of capital and prioritization so that we both achieve revenue growth and ongoing margin expansion, not just in 2022, but over the medium term.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. Capital allocation priorities over the medium term will follow the comments I provided earlier on the call, meaning principally focused on organic and inorganic investments back into the business. We have not assumed any incremental inorganic investments other than those we have publicly announced to the market through and as of today's date. However, to the extent in the upcoming periods, we do have inorganic investments that continue to bring invaluable talent and additional products and solutions into our umbrella that will serve to enhance and accelerate the achievement of those medium-term targets within that 5-year window.
Mark Kaye: I think the way that you could think about return of capital to shareholders either through share repurchases or dividends is that we will execute that post any internal organic or -- sorry, in either internal organic or inorganic acquisition-related activity. We are focused around a BBB+ rating level, and that's because we believe that provides the best balance between return of capital to shareholders and our cost of capital. We are not focused on a return of or percentage return of free cash flow over the medium-term period.
Mark Kaye: Yes. So maybe compared to our implied fourth quarter margin from the last earnings call, we did accrue for a couple of things. One is higher incentive compensation and commissions of about 300 basis points. We also had additional costs related to acquisitions that we announced, and that's about 200 basis points. And then specific to your question, we pulled forward select investments from 2022 into the fourth quarter of 2021, and that's worth around 400 basis points.
Mark Kaye: And Rob, maybe I'd only add to that, at least in the near term, within this 5-year period, you could think about elevated cash balances and leverage may constrain some of that more opportunistic issuance in the near term. And that will more normalize over time to Rob's point earlier, around digestion and normalization.
Mark Kaye: And Craig, if I were to put just a few numbers around that related to RMS, for 2022, particular, we are expecting revenue growth in the mid-single-digit percent range. And that would be in line with our transaction model, inclusive of some of the emerging synergies that Rob spoke about. And then on a full year basis from 2022 to 2023 excluding any impact of the 2022 deferred revenue haircut, we expect RMS revenue to grow in the high single-digit percent range.
Mark Kaye: Craig, sure. Let me start with your -- the first question. So we're not looking necessarily to provide more specific time lines for achieving our guidance within the next 5 years for each of the medium-term metrics that we provided this morning. However, some targets will likely be achieved intuitively earlier than others. For example, the outlook for the 2022 MIS adjusted operating margin is 62% and is within our medium-term guidance range. So there, you could think about our primary objective is really to maintain or modestly expand MIS' adjusted operating margin within that low 60s range while preferring to reinvest to drive growth, add value and scale over time. Similarly, as the relative proportion or size of the MA business grows relative to MIS, you'll begin to see that influence the timing of the emergence of the MCO margin into that low 50s percent range. On your other question, in terms of incentive compensation for the quarter, that was $117 million. And for 2022, we expect incentive compensation to be approximately $75 million per quarter or around $300 million for the full year. And just to note there, RMS would contribute roughly $7 million per quarter of that number. And then I think your final question was on deal or transaction-related expenses, for the full year 2021, we had around a $0.16 cost or around $40 million from M&A transaction and deal-related expenses, and that would include the cost of the RMS purchase price hedge loss.
Mark Kaye: The full year was [indiscernible] million. Fourth quarter specifically was $5 million for M&A deal and transaction costs. 
Mark Kaye: When I think about 2022, the MA adjusted operating margin guidance that we announced today of 29%, that includes 150 to 200 basis points of margin compression from recent acquisitions and movements in foreign exchange rates. And in addition to our multiyear initiatives in high-growth markets, we are targeting investments to bolster our best-in-class sales force and to focus on cross-selling opportunities across multiple product lines. For 2021, as I think about sort of run rate here, and I think here's the key point that you're driving at, our full year guidance anticipates in the first quarter of 2022, expenses to be about $120 million to $140 million lower than the fourth quarter. And that's primarily due to the reset of our incentive compensation accruals as well as lower levels of organic investments given, we accelerated some of that investment spending into that fourth quarter. And if I think about now just within 2022, annual merit increases, I would say, as well as talent acquisition and ongoing organic investments, they'll contribute to an expense ramp during the year of somewhere between $80 million to $100 million. So if you -- Q1 2022, it's $120 million to $140 million lower than Q4, which, of course, will support margin and then think about during the year is $80 million to $100 million -- $80 million to $100 million of expense ramp.
Mark Kaye: We considered historical issuance seasonality patterns as we developed our 2022 forecast. For MIS, we anticipate that transaction revenue will be stronger in the first half vis-a-vis the second half of the year as issuers take advantage of favorable market conditions and secure funding ahead of potential headwinds from interest rate and inflation uncertainties. And this is similar to the market dynamics that existed in 2020 and 2021 where 59% and I think 56% of total full year issuance was completed in the first half, respectively. For MA, revenue is highly recurring, and it's expected to progressively year, and that's comparable to the actual 2020 and 2021 results, which had just under 50% of total full year revenue reported in the first half. In thinking about expenses, to my comments a moment ago, we expect an increase in spending from the first quarter to the fourth quarter in the range of $80 million to $100 million and as I mentioned a moment ago, driven in part by the timing of annual merit and promotion increases as well as ongoing organic investment activity. And then I would like to probably end here with we are expecting the full year 2020 strategic investment spending of $150 million will be more weighted towards the second half of the year.
Mark Kaye: Christian, the outlook for 2022 includes both an expectation of a similar, though not as favorable infrequent issuer mix going into certainly the first half of the year. You could typically think about us as making slightly more on the high-yield and leveraged loans just on a per dollar basis, but equally important, leverage loans serve as a funnel for structured finance CLO creation, which provides further opportunities for the upside.
Mark Kaye: Christian, I'll take this maybe from a slightly different perspective. So in addition to the medium-term targets that we announced today, in 2022, we intend to refresh the line of business reporting breakout for MA revenue to address some of the investor feedback that we've heard and the comments that you've just made around the need for greater insight into the business' performance. This is going to be a topic we'll plan to cover as part of Investor Day materials. But at a high level, the lines of business we're considering adopting for MA include data and information, research and insights and a decision solution subsegment.  And you could think about data and information as being comprised of the vast and unmatched data sets that we have on economies, companies, commercial properties and financial securities. You could think about research and insights as providing customers with market-leading modeling and risk scoring as well as expert insights and commentary. And then decision solutions then is combining those components from our data and information and research and insights lines of business for the purpose of integrating those capabilities through software and workflow solutions. So again, a topic we plan to cover at Investor Day once you finalize approach, but certainly something we're thinking about.
