Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Liz. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin our remarks this morning by summarizing Moody's second quarter and year-to-date 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I'll then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with comments on Moody's outlook for 2010. After our prepared remarks we'd be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s results for the second quarter were strong given the greater volatility in debt capital markets as compared to the first quarter. Total revenue was $478 million, up 6% from the second quarter of 2009, was largely driven by the resurgence of US-based bank loan activity for refinancing and LBO transactions, plus growth across Moody’s Analytics. Operating income for the second quarter was $191 million, an increase of 2% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.51, 11% above the $0.46 in the prior year period. Excluding legacy tax and restructuring items in both years, diluted EPS for the quarter of $0.49 grew by 14% year-over-year. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first six months of 2010 was $954 million, 11% increase from the first half of 2009. Expenses were $567 million, up 8% from the prior year period, and operating income of $387 million increased 15%. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service in the first six months of 2010 was $664 million, an increase of 14% from the prior year period. Moody’s Analytics revenue of $290 million was 4% higher than the prior year period. We’re reaffirming our full-year 2010 EPS guidance of $1.75 to $1.85 based on the sound first-half performance, but we expect the uneven credit market conditions will persist during the second half. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: I mean, it is certainly possible Peter, but I don’t think that one quarter’s performance is really sufficient for us to make a strong statement about that. As you say, it could be some timing differences. We also had a strong quarter from the rating of bank loans in the US in particular, and that is a more transaction-based part of our business, and accounted for a lot of the strength.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, as we have said before, there are certainly additional costs that we are dealing with this year and that we expect to deal with next year – we do anticipate that pricing increases will be appropriate in some areas of our business as they have been this year. And so, yes, we will price where we have additional cost, but as we always are most interested in aligning price with the value creation, and that is going to be the primary focus.
Ray McDaniel: No, actually I think the market tone both in the US and in Europe has been better in July, certainly than it was in May and the early part of June. But we have experienced a couple of months this year, whether the markets have turned pessimistic and spreads have widened. We saw that in February, we saw it in May, and the early part of June and issuance declined. And we are anticipating that they are going to continue to be these periods of pessimism from time to time given the degree of uncertainty, and somewhat the degree of fragility that we have seen in the debt capital markets.
Ray McDaniel: Well, the bank loan issuance activity was stronger in the second quarter than in the first quarter. And to some extent bank loan activity and speculative grade bond activity offset each other. So, we see strength in one versus the other at different points in time. But the loan activity was a combination of corporations finding the opportunity to refinance, and because there was more LDO activity recently than we had seen for a while, and so that was driving the bank loans. And again particularly this was true in the United States.
Ray McDaniel: We don’t discuss our discussions with other insurers, but as we have said before, we think we carry very appropriate levels of insurance and will continue to do so.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, I mean, I think we have certainly seen pulled forward already. And there remains a significant amount of debt that needs to be refinanced, not just in 2011, but 2012, and 2013 as well. So, I guess I’m less sensitive to whether there is a pull forward into later this year with 2011 debt, because of the amount of debt that is still outstanding, maturing in 2012 and 2013. And so as a result, it looks very opportunistic at this point. Spreads come in and issuance activity is substantial, but when spreads widen out as they did in May, there is not much activity because the debt is not due now. It is being pulled forward.
Ray McDaniel: I would expect that the focus affected that their focus on many of the things that they either looked at before, or that have been looked at in the US in terms of managing conflicts of interest, looking at the business model, the transparency, the accountability reporting. And I hope, although I don’t know this, but I would hope that we would also see – look at harmonization, because again even if we are dealing with a more intensive regulatory environment, it is helpful if that environment is one that we can operate in a consistent manner globally.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in October. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure. We determined our size by looking at our financial ratios and making sure that we had an appropriate amount of money to spend in keeping with our modest guidance and we handle these things systematically Sloan. And so there isn’t much to say in terms of timing with financial regulation.
Linda Huber: Yes, I certainly could Craig. Let me see here, we will do transaction and then relationships. For structured finance, transaction revenues were 40% and relationship revenues were 60%. For corporate finance CFG, 70% transaction, 30% relationship; FIG with 32% transaction and 68% relationship, and PPIF with 58% transaction and 42% relationship. For MIS as a whole we were at 54% and 46%, and for Moody’s Analytics 12% transaction, 88% relationship and for the Corporation as a whole 41% transaction, and 59% relationship.
Linda Huber: Okay. Getting to the right page here, in case of FIG, total revenue was $63.2 million, banking was 70% of that, insurance was 23% of that, and managed investments was 7% of that, and I got to find PPIF. And let me see, for that total of $64.4 million, public finance and sovereign was 52% of revenue, municipal structured finance was 8%, and project and infrastructure was 40% of total revenue. I think that is all of them.
Linda Huber: Yes, we can be certain on when legacy tax items are going to see results, but from what we can see for this year that is what we have in there.William Bird – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, good morning. My typical question first, if I could, could you break down, if you would, the breakdown of your revenues transaction versus non-transaction across your four broad categories? And I have a follow up.
Craig Huber – Access 342: And then my other housekeeping question, if I could, could you further breakdown your revenues within corporate finance of the four main categories, high yield, bank loans, investment grade, et cetera? (inaudible)
Craig Huber – Access 342: Yes, if you could just do the other three broad categories too, structured finance, finance institutions, PPIF.
