Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Mark and me in the virtual format for the question-and-answer session is Rob Fauber, Moody's Chief Operating Officer. We'd be pleased to take your questions.
Ray McDaniel: And Alex, one area that could be a plus or a minus is the nature of the borrowing that has been going on and the question of whether it's pull forward or whether it's not. And so I think of that as what we've seen in the second quarter and what we probably will see in the second half of the year is what you might think of as a contingent pull forward in that as companies become more comfortable that they don't need to hold as much liquidity and hoard cash to the degree that they are currently, they could use that cash on the balance sheet to pay maturing debt. If they don't remain confident with the ability to use that cash, if they feel they need to hold dry powder back into the market. We don't know which way that's going to play out, but it's an important potential plus or minus.
Ray McDaniel: And to simplify it a bit, looking at the relative strength of the investment-grade sector versus the spec grade sector, provide to clue as to whether we are likely to grow ahead of issuance rates or behind issuance rates simply because most of the entities on frequent issuer pricing agreements are in the investment-grade sector. We don't get the same bump when issuance goes up in that sector as we do in the speculative grade sector.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I'll let my colleagues address this, but Kevin, I just want to welcome you to the coverage and the call. So let me turn the subset of that over to my colleagues.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, Bill, it's Ray. I would say in the near term, we're probably in more of a holding pattern than we would have anticipated six to 12 months ago. We're still very satisfied with our joint venture investment in CCXI. CCXI continues to grow nicely and is the largest and most profitable of the domestic Chinese rating agencies. Clearly, the tension between the U.S. and China is not encouraging business activity between the two countries, is not encouraging favorable decisions on a whole range of things. And so what I think for the short term we're going to be doing is continuing to support CCXI, continuing to provide the range of services on the cross-border market and through Moody's Analytics that we're already providing, grow those businesses and wait for tensions to hopefully ease, which may not come until we get through the election, but then see how much the friction reduces and how quickly we can get back to thinking about other ways to expand the business in the domestic market.
Ray McDaniel: I think we're expecting to see some tapering in the financial institution sector in the second half of the year just as we've talked about it in other sectors. It's not going to be as material because it is a pretty stable line of business in terms of revenue generation and has because financial institutions are generally investment-grade, has a high proportion of recurring revenue in the form of frequent issuer pricing agreements. So we do expect to see a reduction as against the second half of last year, but again, not as material as we would see in some other LOBs.
Ray McDaniel: Owen, I'd again just like to welcome you to the call, and I'll let Mark Kaye try to address your question.
Ray McDaniel: And Owen, it's Ray. I would just add briefly to that, that remember, we're also in a period where MIS is growing at a faster rate than Moody's Analytics, and MIS is the higher-margin business. So when the higher margin business is growing at a faster pace, that provides lift for the margin for the corporation as a whole. I realize that's probably obvious, but just wanted to get it in.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Before ending the call, I'd like to reiterate my gratitude to our employees. You've done a phenomenal job adapting to the evolving environment, and your dedication and support have been vital during these challenging times. So thank you all for joining today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you again in the fall. Have a good summer.
Mark Kaye: This is Mark. What we'll do here is similar to what we've done in the past where I'll talk a little bit about issuance drivers that we're hearing from some of the banks, and then I'll turn it over to Rob to follow up with our internal viewpoint. Starting with the U.S. investment grade, the banks have seen record activity in the first half of the year with year-to-date issuance volumes already above full year 2019 levels. Early in the quarter, many issuers that came to market were towards the higher end of the investment-grade spectrum, but access broadened considerably when spreads tightened as a result of the Fed's liquidity programs. The main issuance drivers were liquidity and refinancing, as you mentioned. The latter of which was opportunistic in nature, in some instances, as issuers capitalized on low effective yields. For the remainder of the year, what we're hearing from the banks is that while market conditions remain favorable, many investment-grade borrowers have already issued at least once in the first half, and the M&A pipeline remains relatively light. Furthermore, I'd say the pandemic, the pace of economic recovery, the upcoming U.S. election and relationships between the U.S. and China continue to be prominent concerns as the banks have expressed. Looking forward, the banks are expecting a much lighter second half of the year. Nevertheless, for full year 2020, they expect U.S. investment-grade issuance to be up 40% to 50%. And then just from my side, one item just to keep in mind is that for comparative purposes, the banks seeing investment-grade issuance are inclusive of financials. Moving on to U.S. speculative grade; once activity resumed following the slowdown in March due to COVID-19, issuance recovered with a record second quarter. The Fed's expansion in scope of its asset purchases to include high-yield corporate debt was supportive of the market, and that helped spreads narrow considerably from the peak in late Q1. This, in turn, broadened market access and enabled a greater number of corporates at the lower end of the speculative grade to complete transactions. On the other hand, leveraged loans remain weak overall despite some positive bursts of issuance in the second quarter, and this was due to a significantly reduced M&A pipeline, lower levels of new CLO formation and a greater preference for fixed rate debt. Despite the improvements that the banks noted that they saw in the speculative grade market, they did have some concerns that remained around credit quality, default risk and secondary market volatility. For the full year, the banks indicate that U.S. high-yield bonds are expected to be flat to up 10% and that U.S. loans are likely to decline by approximately 20% to 30%. Turning briefly to European investment grade; year-to-date issuance volumes have been robust with record second quarter volumes as the market recovered from the COVID-19-related volatility in March. While monetary policy and increasing fiscal support have helped narrow spreads, they do remain well above pre-COVID-19 levels. Furthermore, low effective yields in the U.S. investment-grade market have made reverse Yankee issuance less attractive. And given the record supply in the first half of the year and the limited M&A pipeline, the banks expect a significant decline in issuance in the back half of 2020. For the full year, the banks forecast European investment-grade issuance to be within the range of flat to up 10%. And finally, European speculative grade has seen a mixed recovery following the market disruption in March, with improvement in high-yield bonds, while loans remained quite weak. Although spreads have tightened, they have not fully recovered from prior widening, and access to the market remains concentrated towards the higher end of spec grade. While there have been a few recent M&A announcements, in general, the banks believe the pipeline remains light. And with that, I'll hand it over to Rob to update you on MIS' issuance expectations.
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Ray. In the second quarter, we reported margin expansion of 50 basis points from 28.2% to 28.7%. If I think about the breakdown of that, that's around 130 basis points of growth from core MA, primarily driven by RD&A, 90 basis points of growth from the MAKS divestiture, offset by some of the inorganic acquisitions. And then around 160 basis points of contraction from incentive comp true-ups and FX. As you noted, we have maintained our 2020 MA segment margin guidance of approximately 30%, which represents, I'd call it, around 250 basis points of margin expansion on a trailing 12-month basis from 2019. We do expect continued margin expansion over the longer term, but we may see pressure in the next 12 to 18 months, depending on the duration and severity of the ongoing COVID-19 economic impacts. And I'd go through maybe just a quick a few more points here. The plan for really MA margin improvement is to continue many of the initiatives that are already underway. So for example, first in ERS' ongoing transition to a Software-as-a-Service model which is multiple benefits beyond just increasing recurring revenue. Second is the synergies between BvD and RDC. We previously mentioned strong growth we're seeing from BvD, and we have already said in past earnings call that we expect a nearly 20% CAGR for those compliant solutions in the combined BvD, RDC business. And then third is the increasing efficiencies across Moody's Analytics, and that's by a combination of new cost savings initiatives, increasing operating leverage as the business scale up, etc. So there are a number of things that we're doing to maintain and continue to grow margin over time.
Mark Kaye: Alex, thank you for the question. I would like to maybe first highlight that this real estate-related restructuring program is one aspect of the disciplined cost management that we've exhibited in this challenging environment. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, our adoption of technology and the ability to transition smoothly to working virtually has enabled us to consider by working with our employees to design and develop the beginning of the format of our offices going forward. This will include what we think of as an enhanced capability to attract and retain the best talent, not just in our standard locations, but potentially anywhere. I mean to your point, for those who have not seen it yet in the press release, our guidance assumes an anticipated restructuring charge in the second half of 2020 around the rationalization and exit of certain real estate leases that are estimated to result in total pretax charges of $25 million to $35 million. And we expect the majority of those charges to be recorded in the second half of this year, and that's going to result in an estimated annualized saving of $5 million to $6 million. The program is COVID-19-related in that we've assessed our real estate footprint given the success during the pandemic and, of course, the degree to which we can continue to be more flexible on work-from-home arrangements post-COVID-19.
Mark Kaye: Sure, Toni. I maybe start off by noting that Moody's fully allocates our corporate expenses out to our business segments, which could be different than the approach taken by some of our peers. Now second quarter 2020 MIS expenses were $369 million, which are up actually 5% over the prior year period. However, if we adjust for several one-off expense items this quarter, including, but not exclusively, things like a legal accrual, prior M&A and higher incentive compensation related to strong business performance, then MIS expenses would actually have been down 5% quarter-over-quarter. And that would have translated to an additional 300 to 400 basis points of margin that you would have been able to see in our reported results.
Mark Kaye: Yes. Second quarter incentive compensation number was approximately $60 million. We are expecting incentive compensation to be approximately $40 million to $50 million per quarter for the remainder of 2020, and that would compare to the prior $25 million to $30 million we had previously guided given strong performance. On your point around unusual items, maybe I'll talk about this in the context of our outlook for the adjusted EPS result for the year. And we've guided at the midpoint to $9 primarily due to the reflection of the actual operating performance in MIS in the second quarter. And if I think about at $9, this is not necessarily an exhaustive list, but just a list of considerations for items that we have not adjusted for within that number. And that would include things like the prepayment penalty from the early calling of the June 2021 notes, the increased bad debt allowance for COVID-19-related exposures, the legal accrual or even things like the opportunity cost of forgoing share repurchases, at least on a temporary basis in the first and the second quarter. And if I add up those sort of items as non-exhaustive list, they get to around $0.30 on an adjusted EPS basis, which is worth around three to four percentage points of growth that we are not adjusting for.
Mark Kaye: Our full year adjusted operating margin guidance is in a range of 48% to 49%. And at the midpoint, that means we are increasing our 2020 adjusted operating margin guidance by approximately 100 basis points to 48.5%. And that's 100 basis points higher than the 2019 actual results of 47.4%. The majority of that is driven by organic activity. We do have a slight offset from inorganic or the net impact of inorganic acquisitions. I would also say that the increase versus the April investor call is really because of the creation of incremental operating leverage. And that's given our primarily because of our updated outlook for issuance in the low double digit but also the strong performance in the second quarter. On the operating leverage side, certainly, scalable revenue growth is a critical driver, and we also benefited a little bit this year from the reset of incentive comp accruals. On the efficiency side, we spoke a little bit early in the call about restructuring benefits. And then, of course, there's increased automation, the utilization of lower cost locations for more routine operational matters, procurement efficiencies and then ongoing real estate. And all of that coupled together means that we've built a good basis from which to grow operating or adjusted operating margin.
Mark Kaye: Well, I would start maybe by commenting, George, that we're very pleased to highlight that disciplined expense management continues to create operating leverage and investment capacity for our business. We've mentioned previously that we have evolved our selling approach, and we've adapted to meeting formats to be more virtual rather than in person. That naturally results in lower T&E and marketing costs. In addition, we've also been very active in reducing expenses through procurement activities, and as I mentioned a moment ago, through the use of, I'd say, lower cost locations for more routine operational activities. Structurally, we have taken a number of cost actions, including the 2018, 2019 restructuring program, which resulted in around $60 million of run rate savings this year. We also created an additional $30 million in efficiencies that we outlined back in February to support our 2020 operating income and investment back into the business. And if you take that together with the $5 million to $6 million in run rate real estate savings that we spoke about this morning in our earnings release, that creates an almost $100 million in ongoing savings from actions that the management team has taken. If I specifically look towards our updated guidance for full year 2020 operating expenses of approximately flat, the comparison vis-à-vis 2019 shows around 1.5 to two percentage points related to ongoing expenses to support the company's initiatives to enhance technology infrastructure, to enable automation, innovation, efficiency, etc., and business growth. Probably 0.5 percentage point to acquired and divested companies or the net of, and then we get a small offset through a restructuring charge that doesn't reoccur quite to the same extent this year and FX.
Mark Kaye: I think maybe I'll give a little perspective, and I'll answer your question, George. I think from 2015 to 2019, free cash flow conversion of net income has been approximately 115%. That's adjusting for the 2017 DOJ settlement. We are expecting 2020 to be slightly above 100% despite what I think of as some working capital headwinds, like, for example, the higher 2019 incentive comp payments that came through in the first quarter this year, the retirement pension funding from the first quarter or even higher CapEx. And the growth in the 2020 free cash flow adjusting for some of those items is going to be greater than 10%, which is better than the full year adjusted EPS growth at the midpoint. I'd say specifically to your question, we are a capital-light business. Investment would have to ramp up considerably in order to change the dynamic between adjusted net income and free cash flow over an extended period. And that's why I really wanted to focus our guidance around share repurchases again, really looking at it on a quarterly and an opportunistic basis as we have more clarity on the economic outlook.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Mark. And Judah, nice to have you on a call. So let me focus on what this means for our full year outlook for issuance, and in particular, what it implies about the second half of the year because I know that's an area of real interest to many people on this call. So as we indicated on the webcast, we're now looking at low double-digit growth and global-rated issuance for the year. And that implies issuance in the back half of the year is going to be down in the neighborhood of mid-teens percent versus the second half of 2019. The outlook that we've got for the second half of the year is pretty consistent with that actually, it's probably slightly more constructive than our outlook for the second half on our last earnings call. So what we've done is essentially taking the excess issuance from the second quarter into the forecast and maintained a fairly consistent outlook for the second half of the year. So, let me just break it down by segment. Again, I know there's some interest in this. If you round numbers, we've done about $1 trillion in global investment-grade year-to-date. We expect that, as we said, to be up 50% for the year. That implies essentially flat for investment-grade corporates for the second half of the year. So what that really means then is that we're expecting essentially a business as usual environment like we had in the second half of 2019 for the investment-grade market. That's contrasted obviously to what we saw in several months here in the beginning of the year. There are a few things underpinning that. Obviously, all this significant opportunistic activity we've had. Mark just took you through the bank outlooks. And I think our outlook is quite consistent with what you're hearing from the banks. And then finally and we've been signaling this since the beginning of the year, just the potential volatility in the second half around U.S. elections and any kind of second wave. On leveraged finance, we're slightly more constructive, as I think you saw from the numbers in the webcast deck, than we were back in the first quarter. But that said, we still expect both markets to be down meaningfully for the back of the year. And that's due to the all that surge in financing Mark touched on as well as the expectation of credit issuance Ray and Mark touched on our view in defaults. So we're looking for high yield to be up 5% for the full year, loans down 20%. On structured finance, looking at down 40%, and that is a little bit we've moderated that outlook a little bit since the first quarter. So we've taken that down just a little bit given what we're seeing in CMBS and CLOs just being very heavily impacted with a much softer investor bid there. And then finally, maybe just to add, U.S. public finance, that's been very active in the first half of the year, and we're looking for that to be up somewhere in the neighborhood of about 5% for the full year. I can talk about the drivers around that later.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And Alex, maybe just to now kind of maybe tie it a little more specifically to how we're thinking about the issuance outlook and how you might think about upside and downside to where we are. A few areas, I think there could be some upside. There can be some more runway for non-U.S. issuers, and we've obviously seen enormous issuance in the United States. Very strong in Europe but not as strong as the United States. So there's the possibility we could see something there. Some sort of sustained run of supply in the leveraged finance market, fall in angel issuance, improvement in the outlook for the bank loan sector. M&A, we touched on that, down very sharply. I mean we're seeing levels that we haven't seen for years. Announced M&A is down something like 50% year-to-date. But there's the possibility that we could see some distressed M&A. There are some deals getting done. So any kind of uptick to the M&A environment would provide some upside. And then and this may not materialize in 2020. But if there were an infrastructure bill, if there were ultimately changes to the Tax Reform Act and the refunding restrictions that impacted the public finance market, like I said, that's probably a next year thing rather than this year. And then on the downside, I touched on it, but and Ray did as well. Potential second wave, increased defaults and credit stress that cause slippage in the leveraged finance markets and just, in general, again, more volatility around the elections than we've already anticipated. So that's kind of how we're thinking about the pluses and minuses.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Alex, I think probably a positive for REIS. I mean we're in an environment of heightened uncertainty. Everyone in residential market is having to really manage risk. Having to connect many, many dots, we're hearing from our customers that there's a desire for integration of the kind of content that we have all across Moody's, not just what we acquired with REIS. So we think we can bring some very interesting solutions to bear for our customers to help them just make better decisions around real estate.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe let me just start with kind of how it worked out in the quarter, and I can talk a little bit about then how we think about that for the outlook. But obviously, this quarter, we saw a less favorable mix. The primary drivers of that were just all this investment-grade issuance, where we've got a greater mix of issuers on frequent issuer contracts. And we also saw some strong issuance from the PPIF segment, including sub-sovereign. And there, we tend to have a little bit lower yields and also infrastructure where we saw some lower-yielding jumbo issuance. So we had said this, I think, earlier in the year that we thought mix was going to be uncertain factor and could actually provide a little bit of headwind for us. And I think our view is that, that is consistent for the back half of this year.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Kevin, so let me talk a little bit about how we're working together between BvD and RDC and the kinds of synergies that we're seeing. Obviously, we've got a challenging sales environment. But the sales teams at both companies have been working together have an opportunity to offer a more complete solution, even though we haven't fully integrated those solutions yet, can still offer those solutions together, and we're doing that for our customers. And we think that ultimately, that's the most compelling end-to-end offering in the market. We're also cross-selling into the existing relationships at one or the other companies. And as you know, BvD had a bigger European customer base, historically, RDC, a bigger U.S. customer base. So there's a very concerted sales effort there and lots of demand. And so we're building a pipeline for that. We've talked about out in the past, there's a myriad of use cases for all of the BvD and now RDC data and maybe give you an example of that. We're seeing more and more companies, and I'm talking about very large corporations who are looking to address financial crime and reputational risk concerns. This is basically trying to understand who they are doing business with, and it's not just the banking community. So they're looking to use our beneficial ownership data, our adverse media tools. And COVID, I think, has actually prompted the need to get this work done through automation rather than just relying on manual back-office functions. And that again is really playing to the opportunity that is in front of us. So we're seeing some very nice opportunities both in sales and in terms of pulling the products together to meet emerging needs of our customers.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Kevin. That's a great question. In fact, it's something that we, as a management team, have been quite focused on. Just because, obviously, this company went public recently with an IPO. They've been valued, I think the market capitalization is something like $6.5 billion. So I think it actually helps to illuminate the value of our ERS business. I think everybody in the call knows we've got a pretty similar SaaS-based software business that sells to financial institutions. But I would say, our business is a lot bigger. I mean, just looking at the numbers, if I recall right, we generated over $500 million in revenue in 2019. I think they were something under $100 million. And our strategy over the last few years has been to shift to more subscription-based revenue models. And that means that almost 80% of our revenue in ERS is recurring. And we've got, as you saw, very high retention rates given the business-critical nature of the software. So that our ERS business is really selling a broader range of solutions to a broader set of financial institutions, right, it's not just banking, it's also insurance, to help them make better decisions around credit and risk. And specifically, in regards to kind of thinking about the competitive landscape and the overlap, we've got an offering called CreditLens in ERS. It's a SaaS-based platform. It helps lenders by pulling together our datasets, our analytic tools, our software. And we have some common customers with nCino, but nCino is really focused more on end-to-end workflow. And what we found is that in some cases, our solutions are actually complementary or part of their broader offering. But a very interesting comp, I think, for our ERS segment versus the more traditional business information companies.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Manav, I'll take that one. So I don't think there's any limitations. I'd say it's still a relatively nascent market but certainly growing quickly. There's a lot of demand across the financial markets and certainly across our customer base. And we've talked about this before. We don't have the operating leverage that's afforded by the index business. You did hear that we are starting to partner with index businesses to provide them with the data. So that's a way for us to get access to the index space without actually owning an index business. So I think there, you would look for us to build our presence through partnerships and partnering with index players who don't own ESG businesses. We've done a few things here, and I think you'll see that a lot of this is organic. We're doing a lot of organic investment because we have the capabilities in-house. We bought some assets that bring some very valuable domain knowledge. We just recently appointed a new head of ESG and climate business internally. Before that, she was running all of our moodys.com business, a very big business for us. So it gives you a sense of how important we think this is. We're integrating these ESG considerations into our credit work. Subscribers are starting to see that on moodys.com. This past quarter, we began featuring ESG and climate content from Vigeo Eiris and Four Twenty Seven on our flagship CreditView platform. And then, Ray talked about some of the numbers around rating products for issuers. So there's an emerging opportunity to provide the sustainability ratings and second-party opinions on labeled bond issuance for issuers, paid for by issuers. This is still a we've given a number before that we're expecting something like $15 million to $20 million of revenue for the year. It'll take some time for this business to grow and scale, but there's certainly demand, and we're certainly making investments in it.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Certainly, I don't use the word consultancy, but think of this as a natural complement. So as you're issuing a green bond or a social bond, it's going to most likely get a rating from Moody's, and we have an opportunity to provide a second-party opinion on the use of proceeds and its consistency with the green bond framework. So it's a natural thing for us to be offering to our issuers alongside each other.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sure. You're right. We've seen very strong issuance out of the public finance sector in the United States and actually the public finance sector around the world. And I think that's not surprising. A lot of issuers have used this as an opportunity to mitigate revenue shortfalls. So that's really been a catalyst for issuance and combined with the fact that you've got very conducive market conditions. And I think, ultimately, if the sector experiences further credit stress, the nature and amount of Fed and other stimulus programs is going to be very important in terms of mitigating the impact and thinking about market access. Obviously, to date, the Fed has rolled out the muni support program, and I think that runs through early next year, and that's been very important in terms of supporting investor confidence. The other thing is that ultra low rates have meant that the taxable financing market has been more favorable. And you might remember a couple of years ago, coming out of the Tax Reform Act of 2018, there were restrictions on the fundings. And that really reduced some of the volume in the public finance market in the subsequent quarters. But with rates being so low, taxable deals have now become more economic. So we've seen a lot of that activity that's continued to support the public finance market.
Rob Fauber: And Ray, I think to build on that, I think also you saw these financial institutions tapping the market and getting their funding needs earlier in the year. So we benefited from some excess issuance above and beyond those relationship-based pricing constructs in the insurance and banking sector. And I think Ray is exactly right, I think some of that has been just pulled forward in terms of the calendar year.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So obviously, we haven't changed our guidance. And I would say that in general, the impact from the social distancing and the challenges to sales have impacted our ERS business a little bit more than they have our RD&A business. And that is all reflected in the guidance that we've got today. So the other thing I might say is that just in general across the portfolio that the retention has been quite good. It's been a little bit better than we had expected back in the April earnings call. And our sales performance has been a little bit better than back in April as well. So both of those things have helped, not enough to change where we are in the guidance range, but that sales experience and retention has been pretty consistent across really most of the product line, and that includes ERS. And again, part of the reason for that is, these are business-critical software applications that are difficult to turn off.
