Mark Kaye: Thank you, Ray. Moody's outlook for 2019 is based on assumptions about mini-geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including but not limited to interests in foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investments spending, mergers and acquisitions and the label of debt capital markets activity. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and the results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation and in the quarter exchange rate. Specifically, our full cost for the remainder of 2019 reflects exchange rates for the British Pound of $1.30 and for the Euro, $1.12. We are affirming the full year of 2019 guidance metrics we laid out on the February earnings call. We still expect revenue and operating expenses to each increase in the mid-single digit percent range. Operating expense guidance includes depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses and restructuring charges. Of note, we are not expecting a significant ramp in expenses from the first to the fourth quarter of 2019 as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program. The 2019 operating margin and adjusted operating margin are still anticipated to be approximately 43% and 48% respectively. We continue to expect net interest expense in the rate of $200 million to $225 million and a full year effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22%, notwithstanding the low actual rate of the first quarter of the year. Diluted and adjusted diluted EPS is toward expected to be $7.30 to $7.55 and $7.85 to $8.10 respectively. For a full list of our guidance, please refer to table [Technical Difficulty] as we continue to anticipate total full year revenue increase in the low single digit percent range with growth weighted more towards the second half of the year as the year-over-year comparable becomes easier. We are now expecting higher contribution from U.S. corporate bonds with lower contribution from loans and to a lesser extent from CLOs and U.S. public finance issuance. We continue to believe that issuance will be flat down 5% in comparison to 2018. We also expect approximately 900 first-time mandates in 2019. The MIS adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 58% in 2019. For MA, we still anticipate total revenue to increase in the low double digit percent range as we recognize the strong sales growth at Bureau van Dijk and benefit from the stability of recurring revenue from the core RD&A business in ERS transition to a SaaS-based model. The MA adjusted operating margin is still expected to expand 250 to 300 basis points, the 29% to 30% range in 2019. I'd like to spend a moment discussing our approach to capital management. We remain committed to long term leverage anchored around a Triple B+ rating which we believe appropriately balances our cost of capital with financing flexibility. Our debt maturity go well distributed with no significant debt coming due until September 2020. As I've noted previously, we have a robust and disciplined approach to capital allocation. As a first priority, we invest or reinvest in activities that support our strategic priorities. Following that, we look to return excess capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Before turning to Q&A, I would like to note a few takeaways. We remain confident in Moody's ability to deliver revenue growth and margin stability in 2019. We continue to defend and enhance our core ratings and research businesses. At the same time, we will keep pursuing strategic growth opportunities both down the corporate credit permit and across into new geographies and adjacent product areas, remaining grounded in technology-enabled product, services and capabilities. Finally, we will maintain our disciplined and thoughtful approach to capital management and the return of free cash flow.
Mark Kaye: Alex, thank you for the question. This is Mark. Rob and I actually both can comment on this particular question. I'll first provide the perspective we're hearing externally from some of the banks and then I'll turn it over to Rob, who will follow up with our internal viewpoints. On the banking side in the U.S., banks primarily noticed the devilish faith commentary, still low yields and tightening spreads, which they believe is supported a strong start to the year for investment grade bonds and to a lesser extent high-yield bonds. While the tone from banks was quite positive on the start of the year, a concern does remain around potentially slowing economic growth in recession risk, which is I'd say briefly accentuated by the temporarily inversion of the yield curve. As a result, expectations are now for U.S. benchmark rates to remain lower for longer. This view on benchmarks rate is one of the factors that we believe or at least the banks believe contributed to a lowest U.S leverage loan issuance and a shift towards high-yield bond issuance. If I turn to Europe and what we heard from the banks is that the investment grade market is seeing some of the right dynamics to U.S. investment grade. And you can see this in the tenured buns where the yield recently went negative half of the first time since mid-2016 and it's obviously currently hovering around the zero. Correspondingly, the banks are seeing a sharp decline in the number of investment grade floating rate issuances year today compared to the same period in 2018 and they raise favorable relative value dynamics that continue to encourage reverse yanky [ph] issuance as the bank's estimated around 30% of supply year-to-date has come from U.S. companies issuing in Europe. And then lastly, in the high-yield bond market issuance did stop the year slowed but so considerable pickup in March. And of course, Brexit remains a focus and a potential downside.
Mark Kaye: Alex, it's Mark. The short answer to your question is no. The first quarter strength was really driven by very good results, on the subscription side of the business. So that really is what drove the 19% growth. And we just had very good strength across the business. All of the regions were up double digits. All of the product lines were up double digits. So, we did quite well across ERS in the first quarter. As ray said, we don't expect that the first quarter result is something that we'll be able to sustain through the full year. But we are expecting a strong year in ERS, particularly coming off of a down year last year because as we said at the end of last year, we feel like we've made the transition and we've turned the corner from being a predominantly SaaS-oriented or subscription-based business. And the runoff in the one-time business is now being offset by a very good strength and continued growth on the subscription side. So, we feel good about what we are and think it really validates our whole product strategy in ERS. I just remind everybody that the strategy behind ERS is that we use the ERS product to deliver Moody's analytics specialized data and analytical capabilities and we engineer platforms that address very specific customer problems. For example, we're working with many customers in the United States who need to adopt the CECL Accounting Standard that's, analytically rather complex. And it draws very directly on specific capabilities that we've got in Moody's analytics. And so, ERS has engineered a platform aimed directly at that customer problem. We've got a similar situation with insurers who are having to adopt the forthcoming IFRS ‘17 accounting standard, a similar story there more broadly. And we've worked with a lot of banks who are working hard to digitize and bring efficiency in their loan origination and credit assessment processes, particularly around lending to small and medium sized enterprises, our new credit lens platform is designed to enable that kind of digitization and efficiency. So, I think the results you're seeing are really a validation of the strategy that we're pursuing in ERS. 
Mark Kaye: And I would just add, there is also increasing regulatory interest and policy maker interest in disclosure around ESG in measuring ESG factors of various kinds. And when you get that kind of regulatory push historically in other areas, that has translated into product and service opportunities for us. So, I would be hopeful we would see the same phenomenon here.
Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining Mark and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investor Services. We will be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. Manav, we're really looking at areas of financial markets, where we think that they are underserved in the form of standards that help to understand measure and manage risk. So, certainly the interest in certain areas of ESG and cybersecurity are things that have drawn increasing attention from investors, from regulatory authorities and as a result are important, increasingly important for the issuer community and the MIS side and for a variety of institutions that Moody's Analytics serves. And we believe that as adjacencies to credit risk areas of ESG and cybersecurity are going to be folded into the overall financial analysis and investing that is done on a going forward basis. So, really what we're looking at is trying to align our products and services with what investors and customers are increasingly focusing themselves on and where we believe standards can be implemented that is going to create more efficiency in markets and among customer transactions. That's really the thesis here.
Ray McDaniel: Sure, Manav and thanks for the question. Leverage ticked up a little bit in the first quarter really due to the lower first quarter adjusted operating income and some of our commercial paper borrowing. And we do expect leverage to decline over the remainder of the year, of course, this is subject to market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decision. Our approach to capital allocation remains consistent with that. We followed exactly, they're primarily looking firstly for investing in growth opportunities either through reinvestment in the business or through acquisitions. And then to the extent those opportunities are not available certainly to return capital either through dividends or through share repurchases.
Ray McDaniel: I think the fairest answer Toni is that our expectations have remained largely the same. So, the fact that we affirmed guidance really across the board for both MIS and MA and then Moody's Corp as a whole, indicates that the first quarter was not a surprise to us and is pretty much in line with where we expected to be overall. Obviously, the strength in Moody's Analytics was very welcome, but we had expected some challenge with MIS given the very strong first quarter that we saw in 2018. We did expect it to be off from that level.  Okay. And based on that, I guess it sounds like you're sort of expecting that MIS was going to be roughly around where it came in. I guess are you are more or less confident maybe in MIS revenue guide of -- for the year and was structured worse than you expected in the quarter; how do you think structure sort of plays out from here? I know you mentioned the different mix of -- versus what you're maybe originally expecting but maybe Robbie could give us a little bit of commentary on sort of the environment now. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Peter, on the margin, we feel good about the margin. We feel like we continue to make very good progress there. The first quarter was particularly strong. But we have not set a specific target or sort of a ceiling on where we think we can go with the margin. We continue to pursue expense management efforts as well as continue to drive growth in what is increasingly a subscription-oriented business. So, that implies lots of scalability. So, if we can drive good growth on the top line, we ought to be able to continue to add to our expanding margins. So, I think the first quarter we had a bit of a benefit from the elimination of that deferred revenue haircut in Bureau van Dijk last year. Frankly, that only accounted for about a third of the margin expansion that we're reporting. So, most of the margin expansion was coming from the rest of the Moody's Analytics business and a very significant chunk of that was from ERS. So, we're going to continue doing what we've been doing, which I think will allow us to continue on the path of consistent but gradual improvement in the margin from quarter-to-quarter. Again, the best way to look at that will be to look at it on a trailing 12 months basis because in any discreet quarter we're probably going to get some -- we can get some weird behavior either on the top line or on the expense line, but on a trailing 12 months basis, I think you'll continue to see good margin expansion in MA.  To your questions about recent Bureau van Dijk, I'll take Bureau van Dijk first, the business continues to perform very well. We're very happy with what's happening in that business on a standalone basis, if you will, as well as with respect to cross-selling and products synergies that we are pursuing in a very disciplined way. So, I'm BVD continues to perform well. I mean, frankly, if you look at the Bureau van Dijk business, we took a pretty big hit on FX in the first quarter, but on an underlying basis, on a constant currency basis. We still had very strong growth in Bureau van Dijk. So, the underlying business is performing quite well. And as I said, our cross-selling and product synergies are starting to kick in very much in line with our expectations. Within REE's, I'd say that business is also going very much according to expectations. I think what we are hearing very clearly from our customers is that they very much welcome Moody's involvement in the REE's business. There's a clear interest in the opportunities to combine the REE's data, which is quite extensive and very unique with some of the specialized content and analytics that Moody's offers. People, the customers have indicated to us that they fully subscribed to and validate the hypothesis that we've had about the impact that we can have in bringing more insight and more analytic capabilities to the commercial real estate business. So, we're very encouraged by the response we're getting from customers. Having said that, there's still a lot of work for us to do there, but we feel very good about the path we're on and the opportunities to grow that business.
Ray McDaniel: I would say it's definitely both. I think some of the shifts that we've made in business model, particularly in ERS and also to some degree, in our training business is definitely enabling us to deliver much more scalable and therefore profitable solutions. But having said that, the underlying demand for the kinds of things that we're doing that are driven by new accounting, that are driven bank's desires to improve the efficiency of their SME lending practices, that underlying demand is also very important element of this as well.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean it's right. Generally speaking, yes. That we see an uptick in issuance, particularly if its issuance from institutions that we already have a rating relationship with, that's going to be a margin friendly scenario. We've talked about on previous calls a little bit, about the desirability of the new mandates because they create new relationships which benefit us in the going forward years. But in terms of the highest margin uptake, it would come from existing issuers, rated issuers who choose to go back into the market. 
Ray McDaniel: I'll lead off and then Rob may want to add. In terms of the commercial opportunity, it's only days. We will have to see how much the increasing investor in customer interest in ESG translates into a robust commercial opportunity. And we'll obviously keep you informed as we move forward with that. The level of interest though in ESG, cyber security, cyber scoring is very high. And it's particularly high in Europe. And it's growing everywhere. So, that says to us that if we can develop standards, if we can develop the vocabulary on a rigorous, consistent, analytically robust basis for communicating to the marketplace about developments with entities in ESG, that the likelihood of us having a promising commercial opportunity is quite high. So, Rob...
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I think as we've talked about on previous calls, we do have a joint venture in China, entity called CCXI. It is the largest rating agency in China. It has been the most successful a rating agency I think both in terms of its coverage and financially. So, we are very interested in continuing with that joint venture relationship. What that translates into in terms of having a separate license for Moody's to operate in the domestic market, I think is uncertain at this point. It may be that the Chinese would prefer us to operate either through CCXI or on our own as a Moody's. And we will just have to see as their thinking evolves, we make our views as clear as we can, but we are very interested in staying with the joint venture and that would influence how we think about the domestic market opportunity. Now, that being said, we still have very good coverage in the cross-border markets for Chinese institutions that are active internationally. We expect that to continue. And we've had a good growth in that stock of rating relationships. So, that's all continuing as it has been. And I guess just the last thing I would add is one of the attractions of the joint venture is that it is actually licensed top rate in both the interbank market and the exchange traded market. And so, the interbank market being larger, the exchange traded market being the faster growing market. And that makes that platform, again, particularly attractive to us.
Ray McDaniel: There are no changes in our outlook or a guidance that we're providing today, visit what we provided in mid-April.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Craig. I think rather than what our preference is, it's probably best to look at this through the lens of what the priorities are for the Chinese policy makers in terms of their thinking about how they would like to see participation in their market and what the nature of that participation would be. Certainly, they don't want to see disruptive activities with respect to their market. And so, they're conscious of participants in the market operating in ways that are going to be conducive to smooth market growth and the steady development of credit risk analysis and related solutions that might come from institutions like Moody's Analytics.  They're also interested in attracting foreign capital. And in attracting foreign capital, they are certainly aware of the fact that international investors interested in deploying capital into China would be interested in hearing from international institutions such as Moody's about risk and related research. So, the agenda that includes attracting foreign capital includes market stability, includes a desire for reform without disruption. All of that has to be placed into a mix. And I think honestly, I think it's still relatively early days in terms of how exactly that will play out. There is probably an element to the trade negotiations that factors into this as well, but we'll just have to see as that moves forward.
Ray McDaniel: There are some adjustments we've made internally, for example, expectations around the volume of floating rate versus fixed rate debt in the corporate finance area. But overall, it's netting out so that our expectations remain consistent. The adjustments are incremental and offsetting.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thank you very much, everybody. And before we go I just would like you to note two additional items. First, we are amending our quarterly quite period to now run from the 16th of the last month of each calendar quarter to after that quarter's earnings call. So I've been asked to tell you to please consider this timing when contacting Investor Relations to request meetings and calls. Secondly, we expect to attend the conferences listed here in the next two months in New York, London and Chicago, and please contact your representatives to request a meeting with Moody's management at these events. And again, I want to thank you for joining today's call and we look forward to speaking with you again in the summer.
Rob Fauber: This is Rob. So we can expand on that but I would say support and guidance we're still holding to our overall outlook for issuance of -- kind of flat to down 5%. And again, we can talk a little bit about that touching specifically on structure the first thing I would highlight is we had the reclassification of restructured into corporate finance. The big story structure this quarter was really around CLO's -- CLO formation -- new CLO formation held up pretty well generally in line with prior year quarter but it was really around the refi's and resets that we saw a significant decline in activity and that says we saw you know wider triple-A liability spreads and that really weakened the economics for CLO's. That said you know looking forward to structured finance, we -- the pipeline I would say is generally improving and I think that -- this includes CLO's. We've seen improvement in deal activity in CLO's each month of the quarter from a very slow start in January. We've seen CLO really pick up in March is continuing to be active into April. We have an active pipeline of CLO but that said that the refi and reset activity continues to be significantly below prior levels and any other you know kind of big piece of structure finances round CMBS and you know market activity was pretty good there in the first quarter. The mix was skewed heavily towards these single asset single Bar reveals versus conduits. That resulted in some smaller deal sizes and we're continuing to see that so we're seeing good increased engagement but smaller deal size in CMBS.
Rob Fauber: Hey, Bill, it's Rob, I'll take that and I think you've got to keep in mind that about 40% of the revenue is recurring and that revenue this quarter was growing at about 1%. That provides a nice kind of ballast. The transaction revenue was down 11% compared to that issuance down 14%. And if you allow for call it low single digit price, the mixed factors this quarter were, I would say, a minor contributor to the delta.
Rob Fauber: That's right. I mean it's still a relatively small fragmented, evolving industry as Ray said, looking for standards. I would say for us there's a standalone commercial opportunity as Ray described, but it's also increasingly relevant to the work that we're doing in the rating agency and also brought more broadly across [indiscernible] customer base. You think about banks, insurance companies, corporate professional services firms all increasingly interested in some form of ESG or cyber kind of content. And that's what's driving it here.
Mark Almeida: Maybe to add to that, Mark, I don't think we've seen a structural shift since we put together, certainly our views for the year in terms of how companies are thinking about financing. As I said, we're continuing to hold to that zero to down 5% that the biggest risk really to the current instruments outlook is probably around bank loans. Mark noted in regards to the street views and you have less opportunistic refi, the flattening of the yield curve and this issuer and an investor rotation out of bank loans and that's all contributing to the softness that we're seeing there. And I think we're going to need to see some further spread tightening to improve bank loan issuance volumes for the rest of the year. So, we remain cautious on the bank loan space along with the decline in bank loans, softer outlook for CLOs. Again, record refi activity in 2018. And that's really begun to decelerate again, amidst these wider spreads that I talked about. I think some modest upside to our original outlook in investment grade and that's supported by opportunistic refinancing. Again, with rates coming in, spreads coming in and M&A activity as well. We continue to see very healthy M&A activity underpinning the market. We also see some upside to high yield and this is the flip side of the rotation from bank loans into high yield. And we're keeping an eye out on U.S. public finance. Again, we all know that was impacted from the tax law changes around the advanced refundings. As a result, first quarter of 2018 was a pretty modest comparable because we had pull forward into 4Q '17. So, that's an area where we have been expecting higher growth relative to the other higher issuance growth relative to the other sectors. And all-in-all, I think -- as I think forward to the just now, the next several months I think the risk from bank loans and CLS is probably modestly outweighing the outsides from U.S. investment grade and high yield.
Mark Almeida: Thanks for the question. The most prominent factors in the expense growth that we saw this quarter and we're related to hiring and merits, and this is primarily due to the impact of hiring in prior periods. Now obviously we've spoken about our ability and our desire to continue to invest selectively in lower cost location. I'd also note that the expense growth is due to the inorganic activity from REE's and Omega, and then certainly our restructuring charge. Now thinking forward, we are not expecting a significant ramping in expenses from the first to the fourth quarter, and specifically as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program. If I have to quantify that I'd say expenses with ram somewhere between -- somewhere around $10 million in the first of the fourth quarter, and I don't think this will necessarily be linearly -- and just by the way of comparison last year's expense ramp was $15 million, so there is a meaningful reduction this year. And on the housekeeping item related to incentive comp, the amount that we booked this quarter was approximately $47 million for the quarter and that is very much in line with the guidance we gave in February around -- which is around $50 million per quarter.
Mark Almeida: Sure, and again thank you for the question. And we did communicate the time that we announced our restructuring program that we would begin to see those savings emerge really in the second half of the year. And that's because the restructuring savings encompasses really three areas of those real estate management, a second relates to people, and third really relates to ongoing oversight of various projects and initiatives.We are on-track I would say to achieve the total restructuring plan target that we have updated earlier in the year and that would lead to an anticipated annualized pretax saving amount of $40 million to $50 million.And I would say that we do expect a larger Q2 restructuring charge to be booked as vis-à-vis what we see now in Q1 and that may push us to be slightly above the high-end of the previously communicated $70 million to $80 million range. So, in brief, I would say that we are certainly on-track and this is playing out exactly as we expected. And we are executing the actions that we have committed to.
Mark Almeida: Sure. I think there is certainly an expectation that both variables will impact the ramp which obviously includes the timing of hiring and there is also the element of incentive compensation which will flex based on how the external environment emerges. And we are certainly in both businesses actively utilizing the opportunities available to us in lower cost location, and I think a combination of those factors is really what's influencing the fact that expense ramp this year is relatively flat, especially vis-à-vis postures.
