Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. And I will then conclude with comments on our outlook for 2017. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the fourth quarter, Moody's revenue of $942 million increased 9%, primarily as a result of higher issuance in global leveraged finance, U.S. CLOs and U.S. public and project finance, as well as continued strength from Moody's Analytics. Many of Moody's other fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial measures were impacted by the company's January 2017 agreement reached with the U.S. Department of Justice, 21 U.S. states, and the District of Columbia to resolve pending and potential civil claims related to credit ratings assigned during the financial crisis era. The agreement, while costly at $864 million, removed legacy legal risk as well as future costs and uncertainty. As such, we felt that putting these claims behind the company was in the best interest of Moody's, our employees and our shareholders. Fourth quarter adjusted operating expense, which excludes the $864 million settlement charge, was $551 million, up 3% from the fourth quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter adjusted operating income, which excludes the settlement charge as well as depreciation and amortization, was $424 million, up 17% from the same period last year. The adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2016 was 45%, up 320 basis points from 41.8% in the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.23, up 13% from $1.09 in the fourth quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter 2016 adjusted EPS excludes a $3.63 loss from the settlement charge and an $0.18 gain from a non-cash foreign exchange benefit related to a subsidiary liquidation. Turning to full year performance, against volatile market conditions, Moody's achieved 2016 revenue of $3.6 billion, up 3% from 2015. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Moody's revenue by 1%. Moody's Investors Service record second half revenue overcame a very challenging first quarter, allowing MIS to record a 2% revenue increase to $2.4 billion. The impact of foreign currency on MIS revenue was negligible. Moody's Analytics revenue surpassed $1.2 billion in 2016, a 7% increase over the prior year. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted MA revenue by 3%. Adjusted operating expense, which excludes the settlement charge and a $12 million restructuring charge, was $2.1 billion, up 4% from the prior year. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the settlement and restructuring charges as well as depreciation and amortization, was $1.6 billion, up 3% from 2015. Moody's adjusted operating margin for 2016 was 45.5%, consistent with the prior year. Recognizing ongoing uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, our 2017 outlook is for mid-single-digit-percent revenue growth and EPS of $5.15 to $5.30, which includes an estimated $0.15 benefit from an accounting change related to equity compensation. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Okay. Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing our full year guidance for 2017. A complete list of Moody's guidance is included in our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's outlook for 2017 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our outlook does not include any estimated impact for potential changes in U.S. tax laws or other possible policy or regulatory changes. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-year exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.24 to £1 and for the euro of $1.05 to €1. As I noted earlier, Moody's expects full year 2017 revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Adjusted operating expenses expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range from the 2016 adjusted operating expense of $2.1 billion. On a constant dollar basis, the revenue growth rate would be approximately 120 basis points higher and the adjusted operating expense growth rate would be approximately 170 basis points higher. The company is projecting an operating margin of approximately 43%, up approximately 100 basis points compared to 2016's operating margin, excluding the settlement and restructuring charges of 42%. Adjusted operating margin is expected to be approximately 46%. The effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 31% to 32% and reflects the U.S. accounting change related to equity compensation as well as changes to U.K. tax laws as noted in our earnings press release. Full-year 2017 EPS is expected to be $5.15 to $5.30 including the estimated $0.15 per share benefit resulting from the accounting change previously mentioned. Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $500 million, which includes the payment of settlement charge recorded in the company's fourth quarter 2016 financial results. Moody's expects share repurchases to be approximately $500 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $100 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $135 million. For MIS, the company expects full-year 2017 revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Both U.S. and non-U.S. revenues are expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. On a constant dollar basis, the revenue growth rate for MIS would be approximately 100 basis points higher. Corporate finance revenue, structured finance revenue, and financial institutions revenue are each expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, the company expects 2017 revenue to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is expected increase in the high-single-digit percent range. On a constant dollar basis, the revenue growth rate for MA would be approximately 180 basis points higher. Research, data and analytics revenue is projected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. Enterprise risk solutions revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range and professional services revenue is expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics, and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'll be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No, I just want to underscore both and this is implied both in the question and then addressed directly by Linda's answer. But between our cash on hand and our various borrowing options, we feel we have quite a bit of flexibility. And so, we are going to be making decisions according to market conditions as we go through the year and, as I imagine you would expect, we're going to pay close attention to what we think are the best opportunities.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No. This is Ray. Obviously, conditions were very strong in January. And the markets remain active in February. We really don't expect to see the January kind of numbers in the loan and high-yield sectors continue with that pace, but market conditions remain good. All of that indicates that issuers are taking advantage of a tight spread environment. They may be moving ahead of uncertainty later in this year, whether it's policy uncertainty here in the U.S. or the potential implications of unexpected outcomes in the European election. So, the pull-forward is, I think, both a recognition of good market conditions and potential uncertainties later in the year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, I'll let Mark comment on how they're thinking about that and I'll add any color, if appropriate.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Well, the fourth quarter was up year-on-year. We had, I think, about 175 new rating mandates in Q4. So that's good, looking forward into the new year. We are not at peaks we were at back in 2013, 2014, but it has been a stable flow of new mandates at healthy levels, just off-peak levels. Rob, I don't know if there's anything else worth adding on that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: That's right. When we look at potential changes in taxes, it's really – there are a number of puts and takes. Certainly, to the extent that there are impacts from changes in interest deductibility, you have to count that as a negative, but to the extent that debt financing is still a low cost form of financing, you would have companies that have more available cash. It would probably be a stimulus for economic growth and so there I would hope and anticipate we would see more new money borrowing, so that the quantification of whether it ends up being a net negative or a net positive is difficult to assess without having more detail about what the actual changes in tax law would be, and as we see that, we will obviously communicate it.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah, and just to add on to that. Our transaction versus recurring revenue splits remained fairly constant in 2016 versus 2015. So we didn't see any big shifts there.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. The only other thing I would direct you to is the fact that we do have higher financing costs this year than we did last year, part of that is the roll-forward of financing that we did during the year, last year, and part of it is the fact that we've done some financing and we'll continue to do some financing as a result of the settlement with the Department of Justice and the payments that were made there. So that's just giving us an increase in that line that we normally wouldn't see.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Fortunately, not much. If we step back and look at all of the crisis era litigation, we've now disposed of better than 90% of what we were facing globally. So, very little left in terms of numbers.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I think the fairest thing we could say looking out that far is we believe we would certainly have the capacity...
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I think it would probably have more of an impact on high-yield. Again, though, just trying to weigh the puts and takes on that, it's also high-yield companies that are going to probably want to take most advantage of having additional cash on hand. And so, that gives them more flexibility, it might cause them to engage in different behaviors, whether it's from an M&A standpoint or business expansion. So I do think the premise of your question probably leans against high-yield more than it leans against investment-grade. But there's pluses and minuses in both cases.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. And again, it's – there's – what it does in an absolute sense. But then it's also relatively what is still the more or less attractive ways to raise capital and so even if it's less attractive, if it's still the most attractive, you would expect firms would make rational economic decisions.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I mean, we – I don't have a quantification of that for you, Craig, but again the pluses and minuses that we've outlined in a couple of our comments throughout the call indicates that we don't expect dramatic change in what is happening around our business, but it's going to have some impact whether it's a 15% or 20% or 25% and we're just going to have to see.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: And in the case in the past, a substantial fraction of our foreign cash is also held in U.S. dollars.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah, it's not a straightforward as you might hope, Craig, because we do both U.K. entity-based ratings out of the U.K., but we also do European-based ratings, EU-based ratings out of the U.K. And so – and the companies that are issuing into the EU may be followed from any one of a number of offices. So both, how the revenue gets apportioned and then how the expense base supporting that revenue gets apportioned are subject to some interpretations of what's in and what's out. The U.K. is not a large part of our overall European business, but I don't have a fraction I can give you.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah, in terms of markets that we are looking to expand in, we have been active as you have seen in emerging markets including India, increasing our stake in Korea, growing business coming out of China has been growing very nicely. With the liberalization that is being proposed and discussed in the Chinese markets, we would anticipate that that should create some opportunities. We've also been concentrating on building out the business in Latin America and Middle East. So, Rob, I don't know if there is anything else you wanted to add to that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: The margins in the MIS business for all of the fundamental areas are roughly the same. The structured finance margin is more variable. It's a more transactionally-oriented business. And so in periods of high volume, you get higher margins and low volume, lower margins. It's also susceptible to how intense the monitoring activity has to be. In periods of greater stress, there is greater allocation of resource to – having to be on top of the monitoring, simply because in periods of stress, there are more assets that have to be scrutinized more closely, and so you get some swings there as well. So that's the only line of business that I would say has substantial variability in margin.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Monitoring for structured in particular, because of the large number of assets that underlie those pools.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah, strategically, it's a nice fit, but it's not going to turn the dial on financial performance for RD&A in 2017.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Okay. Thank you all for joining the call today. And we look forward to speaking with you again after the first quarter. Thanks.
Linda S. Huber: Let me try to start with the DOJ settlement. So the happy news is, we're done or we're just about done. The payments have been made. Those were largely completed and the way we did that was cash on hand, U.S. cash on hand. You'll recall back in 2016, we've reduced share repurchase guidance from $1 billion to $750 million. And then also for those who've been paying close attention, we've reentered the commercial paper market. We have about $600 million of commercial paper outstanding right now about an average maturity of 60 days and we're paying about 1.2% on that commercial paper. So we're very happy with the receptivity of the commercial paper markets and that's how we have financed the payment of the settlement. So again that's done. Going forward, we've guided to about $500 million of share repurchase for the rest of the year, that's subject to many things as we've discussed already, but some of it is how cash flow comes in for the year for the company, so we'll see. As we announced the settlement, one of the other rating agencies that looked at us did provide a little bit more leverage room for us under its measure, which is now 1.5 times to 2 times rather than the 1.5 times that you had seen before. However, we very much like our rating category that we have right now and we don't like to run right up to the edge of our leverage level, so we feel that we have some dry powder. We're happy about that. We have at least $500 million of dry powder, something like that, as we look at what we might want to do for 2017. So we like the leverage levels. We have a bit of room, share repurchase about $500 million, and again we just want to be thoughtful given everything that we've just had to deal with and we don't like to be too close to the edge in terms of the leverage levels. I don't know if Ray had anything else you wanted to add. I think that's most of it.
Linda S. Huber: Yeah. Alex, one final point which may not have been taken into account in by everyone looking at their models. We did do some financing in 2016. So, you'll see in 2017 the roll-forward effect of that interest expense. Secondly, we do have the $600 million of CP and we are considering the term market at this time and we'll see what we decide to do about that. But again, if we take that 1.2% expense – I'm sorry, the rate we're paying for the CP and we term that out, I think it'd be fair to say that we would expect that that interest expense would be a little bit heavier. So, we're considering that right now and that's one of the reasons why everything doesn't flow fully down to EPS.
Linda S. Huber: Joe, what we'll do, I'll go through what we usually do regarding our views that we're hearing from the investment banks, and then we have an exciting new feature. Rob Fauber is going to add a little bit of color in terms of what the rating agency is noting in the marketplace. So, starting with the U.S. view, and again, this is coming from the investment banks and it's sort of an averaging of what we're hearing from the different banks. Investment grade right now is running very, very strong. January was $200 billion in issuance, a strong month is $100 billion, and this is record January supply. Financials had dominated as well as significant issuance from TMT companies. For the year, we're looking at about $1.2 billion of U.S. investment grade issuance. That's about flat year-over-year. The pipeline is robust as corporates exit their blackout periods and potentially look to get ahead of Fed rate hikes later in the year, which might be June, could be March, and then potentially again toward the end of the year. We note that many issuers we're hearing from the banks pre-funded in favorable 2016 issuance environment that might serve as a bit of an offset to 2017. And we're thinking about the M&A pipeline which is bouncing around a bit. For U.S. high-yield, $35 billion issued so far, $250 billion expected for the year, which is up 5% year-over-year. 2017 has started on a positive tone. Large cash inflows to high yield, recovering commodity prices and attractive yields are very constructive. More constructive default scenarios and energy price outlooks are helping with the backdrop, and we think that will support 2017 high-yield bond issuance. Leveraged loan so far, $120 billion. That is a torrid pace. $400 billion expected this year. The year is expected to be down 15% year-over-year. But right now, stability in the macro backdrop is aiding the leveraged loan market. With potential interest rate increases, the floating rate view is preferred for investors. And we continue to have CLO formation and that will support leveraged loan activity; not enough, though, to surpass the elevated levels of 2016. Now moving to Europe, what we've heard from the banks, investment grade in Europe, volumes were higher than usual in January as issuers took advantage of the good conditions and low rates. The ECB and Bank of England continue to buy bonds and support the market. And there's a strong pipeline as issuers look to go to market ahead of the key political events in Europe and potential ECB tapering. We're about two months away from the French election as the first major event. High yield in Europe and the leveraged loan market remain in robust shape. ECB bond buying has indirectly supported the high-yield market and should help maintain rates at all-time lows. Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks continue to be the key focus, though, in Europe particularly for the speculative grade market. And now, I'll invite Rob to make any further comments that he might want to offer.
Linda S. Huber: And not that we're supposed to ask the questions, but Rob you had mentioned one of the pieces of research we've released last week on the refinancing model.
Linda S. Huber: Yeah, I think I'd stick to what we said in 2016, we always tell you guys we can achieve $50 million of expense savings and, voila, we achieved $50 million of expense savings. So there is probably another $50 million in there across the company. I would note that we are being very thoughtful about expenses. We note that both operating expenses and CapEx, CapEx is looking to be up about $100 million as we go through 2017. We've had a little bit of lightening up in terms of our real estate projects. We'd taken two floors in One World Trade Center in 2016. And as you know, we're making some investment in our technology, but we expect that to lighten up a little bit in 2017. So, we're guiding to $100 million, as we had said. So, just across the board, we're just being really careful with what we're doing and considering every cost. We do have a procurement group that's done a really nice job on some of our expenses, such as T&E, and we're managing very, very closely. So, we'll think about maybe flexibility for another $50 million for 2017.
Linda S. Huber: Peter, it's hard for us to guide that far ahead in terms of share repurchase. We do look at market conditions. We do want to reinvest in our businesses, and share repurchase oftentimes is sort of the last number that we look at, given that. We thought it was best to be prudent for this year. Yes, we would like to return to more vigorous share repurchase, but we're going to have to see it. It's too early to tell where that will go.
Linda S. Huber: Yeah. We're very pleased with the progress we've made in 2016. I think we even surprised ourselves frankly, Tim. We did a $12 million restructuring charge. The genesis of that was split sort of half and half between the rating agency and shared services. We're being very careful with what we're doing in head count and in shared services we're very thoughtful about our use of lower cost locations and those are our own employees that we're using in those lower cost locations. So we've gotten the run rate down, and we're very happy about that, and we're being really careful about what we do going forward. So I think it's good housekeeping. And Ray and I encouraged our colleagues to think hard about the margin line, and everybody really got the message and did a great job, and we expect that that will continue. We run the business in a very disciplined way. We've been very careful in terms of adding new head count and even backfilling. So we're pleased with what we're seeing, and we're doing a little bit better than we even thought. So we're very happy with all of that. There is no magic to it. It's just day-to-day hard work and good discipline.
Linda S. Huber: Yeah, sure. So the U.S. rules probably will see seasonal effects and we've estimated about $0.15, but there are a number of factors that go into that which could move around. So we would urge everybody to think about that as an approximation. A lot of that might come into the first quarter when our restricted stock awards vest. And there are a bunch of factors there. One is, what is the exercise price? Second is, what is pace of that exercise pricing, the timing, the number, and any number of other factors? So we would expect that that effect might be heavier in the first quarter, particularly given very happily where the stock price is right now. So, we'll see how that lays out, this is new to us and we'll give more information as we see what we get in the first quarter.
Linda S. Huber: 78% is offshore, now, Craig. The numbers are, U.S. is roughly $500 million, international is roughly $1.7 billion, that totals to $2.2 billion a little bit more, but 78% overseas and that's because we use some of the U.S. cash as we dealt with the DOJ situation. But as we noted, the very vast majority of the settlement payments have already been made.
Linda S. Huber: Offshore – off-hand – excuse me, Craig – I'm not certain where we're sort of puzzling and looking at Rob to see if he has any further information.
Joseph Foresi: Hi. My first question is just any thoughts on issuance given the new administration, I'm sure you're predicting that one. And what could that do to your current projections? Any internal scenarios you're setting up for.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. So any color, though, on sort of real-time what the clients are telling you given the new administration. Are you seeing a wait-and-see approach or any pull-forwards? I'm just wondering if there is anything outside of kind of what you laid up from the issuance side of things.
Joseph Foresi: Okay. And then the last one from me, on the regulatory side, we've heard about some repeal maybe at some large institutions. Just wondering if you had any thoughts about any of that impact on your Analytics practice? Thanks.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Linda, that was pretty thorough. I don't have too much to add to that. I might just talk about a little bit of kind of the upsides and downsides in general to how we're thinking about issuance. Certainly, higher economic growth leading to more capital investment and in turn debt financing would be a positive. Some sort of infrastructure stimulus, either privately funded or in the municipal market. More constructive M&A environment, certainly Linda touched on that. And I think, importantly, a pull-forward of these 2019 through 2021 maturity walls. We think we're seeing some pull-forward now. But if we see more pull-forward, that could provide some upside. The things we're thinking about as potential headwinds, I think you mentioned potentially unfavorable tax changes. I know there has been a lot of discussion around that, around corporate interest, tax deductibility, repatriation of foreign cash. Interestingly, we did see in January some very large issuance from some big tech players, who have large cash balances offshore. And we're looking at trade developments that could disrupt market, stall investment. Obviously, watching the election calendar in the EU. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar would also be something that would have an impact on us as well.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. I don't want to confuse people because I don't have the global numbers handy, but we just put out some research last week, I know, in regards to the U.S. spec grade, maturity wall. We're looking at the five-year maturity walls now over $1 trillion for the first time. That's up about $100 billion from the study this time last year.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. Maybe, I'll focus primarily on the U.S., it's obviously the largest market. So in the ABS sector, got off to a bit of a subdued start as folks were still adapting to the Reg AB II loan-level reporting requirements, but the pipeline's certainly heating up and activity is heating up in February on some very strong demand there. In terms of CMBS, we saw very weak start that was due to a pull-forward of deals from the risk retention deadline at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. And I would say that CMBS hasn't weathered risk retention quite as well as the CLO market. So we're only seeing two risk retention compliant deals get printed since the deadline at the end of December. That said, there is a pipeline building in CMBS. And then CLO, we've seen some very strong issuance continuing into the first quarter of 2017. So obviously you saw in our results, there is a very strong issuance in the fourth quarter, due to a real pull-forward from 2017 into 2016 in advance of that risk retention deadline. I would note that much of the early volume in the first quarter in CLOs is refi, as spreads have come in, we are starting to see some new CLO formation come into the March pipeline as the CLO market seems to have found some structures that work within the risk retention framework. Just in terms of – from a competitive standpoint, our coverage continues to be strong and we actually seen some nice gains in our coverage in Europe.
Robert Fauber - Moody's Corp.: Yeah. We opened an office last year in Sweden. So we've been building out our presence as well in the Nordic region.
Mark E. Almeida: Yeah. I'd say that we are not seeing any meaningful impact, any of the talk about pullback on banking regulation, for example. We're still seeing very good demand for our products, for regulatory requirements as well as some of the accounting rule changes that are coming through, both IFRS 9 and the Current Expected Credit Loss, CECL, program that's coming in in the U.S. So, nothing meaningful from our standpoint.
Mark E. Almeida: It continues to be strong on both fronts. We're running in the mid-90s on customer retention, pricing is solid. We're seeing good upgrade activity. So that's all strong. I mean, any softness we see in the RD&A numbers for the quarter really are down to currency, I mean, we really took it on the chin on currency translation in Europe. So it's hit us pretty hard. But the underlying business is as strong as it's been over the last couple of years.
Mark E. Almeida: Well. You're right. We had a good year in 2016, because we had very good performance in the business. We also had help from GGY acquisition. So that was all good. Linda also referred to the fact that we are making good progress on our transition in the mix of the business, as we've been talking about for a while. We are deemphasizing the services piece of the business and focusing much more heavily on sales of products that are much more scalable and, therefore, much more profitable. So the impact of that will flow through to 2017 revenue in the sense that we had a deliberate revenue decline in the services segment of the business. And so you're going to see that flowing through to revenue growth in 2017. So we're guiding toward mid-single-digit revenue growth in ERS and I think the way to think about that is, think about 2017 in terms of ERS revenue growth as sort of a transition year as we shift the mix of the business away from services and focus more heavily on products, which we think will drive a much stronger P&L over the coming years.
Mark E. Almeida: Yeah. I mean, I would only observe consistent with what we said before that I think we are making good progress with the MA margin. The challenge that we have is it's difficult for you to see that because of the way that we allocate overhead expense to the two operating businesses. MA, as it's been growing faster than MIS over the last couple of years, is attracting more overhead. So that's sort of offsetting the work that we're doing in the business itself. So it's difficult for you to see it – because of that, it's difficult for you to see it because of the impact on the margin, at least in the short run, with some of the acquisitions we've made. So, we believe we're making good progress. We think that progress is only going to get better over the coming years, but it is going to be difficult to see it on the MA standalone P&L just given the way we treat overhead expense.
Mark E. Almeida: Well, I can tell you that, if we ignore the additional overhead expense that we absorbed and we ignore the impact of the acquisition. For the quarter, the margin would have been flat to 2015. I should also note that we've got a couple of million dollars of – we had a couple of million dollars of non-recurring expense in the fourth quarter of 2016 that we won't have going forward. And so, you probably – if you want to look at on a run rate basis, you want to back out a couple of million dollars for that as well.
Mark E. Almeida: Yeah. Andre, a couple of things. First, as Linda said earlier, she noted that trailing 12-month sales in ERS are up 4% and then she decomposed that. She said that product sales – again trailing 12 months, product sales are up 13% and services are down 16%. So, if you just start with the trailing 12-month sales for ERS, up 4%, that's sort of flows through to our mid-single-digit revenue guidance for 2017, right, because we've got sort of the lag on revenue recognition. So, that's sort of how we get to the guidance. The mix shift, again, is designed to deliver more margin. I think you're right in talking about fees. You're right in the sense that over the last number of years, we've done some very large projects for customers where we charged many millions of dollars for the services work that we did. So in that respect, that – not doing projects of that scale and charging those kinds of fees for services will put a bit of a drag on top-line growth. But we think that because the product is more mature, it is more scalable. It meets more needs for more customers. We think we'll be able to sell more. But I guess what I'm saying is we're going to make it up – to some degree, we're going to make it up on volume. So we'll be able to – as we get through this transition, we'll be able to get to a very better growth rate over time. And then, the other thing to keep in mind here is, that decline – that 16% decline in services sales in 2016 was kind of a one-time phenomenon. Our expectation is that we'll hold that line flat going forward. So, you won't see a big contraction there. We'll be holding that flat, while the product line continues to grow at a double-digit rate. So, we think we're going to get to – on balance, we'll get to a much healthier overall growth rate in ERS, which is why I say it's healthy to think – or helpful to think of 2017 as a transition year for the business.
Mark E. Almeida: Well, again, we don't give specific margin guidance by line of business. But I will tell you, again, that if we were to – you ignore the GGY acquisition, you ignore the additional overhead that we attracted in 2016, and if you ignore that couple of million dollars that I mentioned that non-recurring expense that we had in the fourth quarter, we would have seen over 100 basis points of margin expansion in MA from 2015 to 2016. And I would expect that trend to continue.
Mark E. Almeida: The answer to your first question is, yes, it is part of our DNA, but it is a very, very small acquisition. I mean, I think it's a good acquisition. It makes a ton of sense. We've done this a number of times before where we've acquired businesses, where in this case, we didn't acquire any people. We essentially bought a product that is very similar to an existing product of ours. We're going to transition their customers from the legacy product to our product. So essentially, we bought that business without buying any expense, frankly, that would come along with it. So I think it's a very good transaction for us, but it is – honestly, it's tiny.
