Linda Huber: Peter thanks. Over the next couple of years, I think you said we’d hope to over time return to the low 40s, but for the second half of this year, most immediately we are expecting to see a little bit of margin compression in the back half of the year. Looking at our guidance, you probably inferred that we are expecting some revenue growth slowdown from the first half of the year to the second half of the year and as we had mentioned on the first quarter call, we will continue to ramp expenses. So, we may find that the margin will suffer a bit of contraction before we hopefully return to expansion mode.
Linda Huber: I mean versus first half. The first half I think we are running at 44.3 for the year for margin. Let me give you the actual numbers so that I'm sure that everybody understands where we are here. We do expect revenue slowdown in the second half of the year compared to the first half. You will recall we have tougher comparables as well in the third and fourth quarter, when revenues strengthened last year. So, the first half of the year we have done a $1.182 billion in revenue and we are expecting that we will probably see some more between $50 million and $75 million less in revenue for the second half. That will still be up in the mid single digits over last year's second half, but again the pace of growth is moderating. Then on the expense side, if you go back to the first quarter call you will remember that I said that the first quarter expenses were in fact $327 million for the first quarter and we are expecting that ramp to increase by $40 million to $50 million for the expense number, when we get to Q4. So, the two trends taken together, earnings growth a little bit slower and ramping expense growth will probably cause margin contraction for the back half of the year.
Linda Huber: Yes, we introduced a 33% tax rate of rolling forward we had in two beneficial items one with the resolution of the legacy tax matter for $0.03 and then that foreign tax ruling that you exactly mentioned Peter, which was $0.06.
Linda Huber: Certainly Michael, it was a much simpler explanation. When we have material information that the market doesn’t have, we’re precluded from being in the share repurchase market and that was the situation for most of the second quarter. As I said, we are expecting to resume share repurchase for the back of the year and we have plenty of capacity and we have plenty of cash.
Linda Huber: I will give you the percentages, as you said, Craig for transaction and then relationship. We’ll start with structured. For the second quarter of 2011 transaction is 51, relationship 49, corporates on the back of the very strong issuance 76, transactions 24%, relationship, financial institution 38%, transaction 62% relationship, PPIF 59 and 41, total for the rating agency for the second quarter 61% transaction and 39% relationship, MA, as you know Craig kind of runs the other way 16% transaction, 84% relationship and as we said in the script the total for the company was 49 and 51.
Linda Huber: Yes. As of today, it's in the marketplace now. We had choppy issuance conditions and frankly it was unclear where we were going to go with our guidance, so we weren't in the market. That's the story
Linda Huber: Right, total expenses were $327 million in the first quarter and we're going to ramp throughout the year and so we're looking at another $40 million or $50 million on top of that $327 million by the time we get to Q4. So, call it $367 million, $377 million something like that.
Linda Huber: Not particularly. We have added to our efforts, obviously to drive the Moody's Analytics business, but nothing particular there, a little bit of pop-up in T&E expense, but nothing of great note there Doug.
Linda Huber: I think you probably just wanted to be aware that of the $939 million of cash we have as we have said about 70% of that is offshore. So working with about $300 million here in the U.S. we would like to keep around the sufficient amount obviously to ensure appropriate liquidity and the rest we can use. We don’t have any specific bogie for acquisition and of course if the acquisition targets are oversees as with the case with CSI and from that we can use the offshore cash to purchase those acquisitions. So, we have plenty of cash and plenty of capability, but the main thing to think about really is to ensure that we have sufficient liquidity here in the U.S. and we are prudent about how we think about the rest. Really doesn’t have too much to do with the commercial paper situation. In fact we have no commercial paper outstanding right now.
Linda Huber: It's a couple of times more than what we need, but given the world today, we try to run this place pretty prudently. So, we are not going to spend down to our last dime.
Linda Huber: Good observation, good observation, Ed. What that really is we are looking at the amortization there of the intangible for the CSI acquisition in Canada that we bought last year. So, that’s really the first piece of that. Then we have soft fair systems that we brought online and a couple more of those. So, that line has picked up a little bit. But, I think in terms of a run rate that sort of for the first half we are running about 40 machined, that is a good number for the back half of the year.Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: Same question on interest expense up $5 million quarter-to-quarter. A lot of stuff in there, I know.
Linda Huber: Yes, a lot of that line also brings into effect FX. But our expense on borrowing has moved up. You can see it on one of the schedules attached to our statement. The expense on borrowing is 16.3 million versus 10.6 last year because we did put in place that $500 million bond deal that we did last year. So, that is the majority of that.Edward Atorino – The Benchmark Company: So, you had some positives offsetting that.
Linda Huber: We don't like to go quarter by quarter particularly. The expense number for the first quarter was $327 million then we went to $335 million. I told you the number you are trying to get to which is $40 million to $50 million above the $327 million where we started. The reason for this is generally the additions in head count and compensation as we talked about in the script. We did not have particularly heavy additions in head count for the second quarter, but we are expecting that those will ramp up in the third and fourth quarter. So, this is a traditional pattern for us that the expenses ramp over the course of the year. But, you should probably make your own decisions as to how you want to run that ramp up, but I think we have described it pretty fully.
Ray McDaniel: There are a couple of things from the quarter that I think are probably worth highlighting. First of all because the case is visible, I'd just point out that on the CalPERS matter, the hearing that was originally scheduled for August 23 has been postponed to September 8 and 9. We don't know that there will be any ruling consistent with the timing of that hearing, but that is when the hearing is going to be held on CalPERS. In May, we had a Court of Appeals decision affirming the dismissal of three separate cases that we've referred to in previous calls as a 33 Act cases that would seek to hold rating agencies liable as underwriters under the 33 Act. The Court of Appeals, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the three separate cases that it was reviewing, so that was very good news. Then just recently in July, we had the Second Circuit again saying that plaintiffs in a shareholder action that they were seeking to establish class action status for could not appeal the decision disallowing them to represent other shareholders as a class. So those would be the three cases that are worth noting from the most recent quarter.
Ray McDaniel: Sure, Bird. I think it's appropriate to characterize the pipelines now as reasonable. They are not as – certainly in the corporate area are not as robust as they were earlier in the year, but they're still pretty good, especially for investment grade issuance, and I will offer some broader comments in just a moment, but I would also characterize the public finance pipeline as reasonable, although it has been soft for most of this year, so there has been a pick up, but it was off of a low base earlier in the year and then in structured finance again the pipeline looks pretty good, but it has some areas of strength and some areas where there is continuing weakness. So I would say that's the area where our outlook for the second half of the year is probably the most uncertain and may embed the most upside potential as against our current expectations, but beyond the pipelines, which again I am characterizing as being pretty good are questions about whether there are going to be temporary market dislocations associated with some of the sovereign debt issues either in Europe or here in the U.S. We’re looking at situations that we think are somewhat analogous to when we saw market slowdown a year ago when the initial problems with Greece surfaced and there were temporary slowdowns in debt issuance. We wouldn't be surprised to see that again in the second half this year, although we do believe that those would be temporary. Then whether there would be a slowdown in issuance associated with any rating action on the U.S. Government, I think while there is not a direct linkage between most of the corporate and private sector ratings that we do assign, there are some areas where there are linkages whether it's with government sponsored enterprises or municipality states and we would assume that there would be in the event of a rating action on the U.S. Government, again some market dislocation and we would have to see how quickly any resolution about the debt ceiling problems in the U.S. were resolved, how quickly those actions were taken and what the longer term plan around the sovereign debt situation in the U.S. would be in order to better forecast what the impact would be on the financial markets more broadly.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, we certainly believe that Q2, really the first half of this year has been characterized by pull forward of debt financing early in the year from later this year and then more recently from 2012. So a lot of debt that would have been maturing in 2012 has been refinanced, but there is still a large amount of debt that is scheduled to mature in 2013 through 2015 that is going to have to be refinanced and we would expect to see pull-forward of that as we move later into this year and then into 2012 before potentially interest rates or spreads widen and financing costs rise. So, there is a substantial amount of debt to be refinanced. In terms of where we would see upside in the corporate area, it's really not the refinancing at this point though, I think we would want to see a resumption of business spending, business confidence, and merger and acquisition activity to continue as it has in the first half of 2011 and that would provide some upside potential to the corporate sector.
Ray McDaniel: Bill, as we had said, obviously, we’ve increased our guidance and that really results in two things; first, our incentive comp accrual goes up and also we've instituted profit sharing because EPS growth has at this point exceeded 10% for the year. The profit sharing number which is right now a little under $2 million you can see in the salary and benefits line, the incentive comp number for the second quarter 2011 was $35 million, and for this quarter last year, it was $18.3 million, reflecting, obviously we've had a very strong second quarter this year and last year's second quarter, as Ray had described, was characterized by the air pocket, as we call it, around Greece. So, we had a much lower incentive compensation number last year.
Ray McDaniel: We do expect year-on-year revenue growth in the second half. We do not expect it to be the kind of growth that we saw in the first half. But, we are not expecting a significant downturn in our business at all. In fact as I said, we’re expecting it to continue to grow in the second half of the year. We do think there are higher than normal likelihood of short term disruptions. We’ve been seeing that over the last 12 to 18 months and doesn’t look like any reason to say we think those periods of disruptions are passed us. There continues to be stress in Europe and European public sector and obviously we have the issues here in the US that have been in the headlines. So, there is a, I would say, a higher than usual degree of uncertainty about exactly what the timing is for returning to greater market stability and what the conditions will be that have led to that greater market stability based on policy actions in the US and developed Europe, both.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. What has been going on there is two things. One, the rated bank loan sector is an area where we are gaining share as compared to the unrated sector, so the number of bank loans that are being rated as a percent of the total stock of bank loans is growing. There has also been a significant amount of bank loan activity, so the stock itself has been growing and in particular, I would point to Europe and what is a longer term secular disintermediation trend and a move to having bank loans rated and available for a wider investment population than historically would have been the case. We did have very significant amount of bank loan activity in the first half of the year. We don't think it's going to again maintain that pace although it's going to continue to be a strong area for us in the second half of the year, although with the U.S. being stronger than Europe is our current expectation.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I would agree with that on a longer term basis. Whether we will have, you know, the kind of bank loan activity in the second half of this year compared to the first half, I would have to say, no. We don't think we will. But, again it's a secular story I think more than a cyclical story. So, we believe that the amount of ratable debt is growing and the request for ratings on that debt is increasing.
Ray McDaniel: I think it is attached more to disintermediation and is being driven probably by both sides of the lending equation. In that banks in certain jurisdictions are making loans less available, but also the borrowers themselves are looking to have access to multiple sources of capital and so whether it's from the bank lines or whether it's from the bond markets, we are seeing growth in the speculative grade market through bonds and then because of the interest in expanding the investor base in the loan sector. I do think that is driven by capital requirements. I think it's also driven by again the borrowers interest in diversifying its access to capital.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. The corporate market, both the loan market and the bond market in Europe were strong in the last quarter.
