Mark Kaye: Thank you very much for the question. This is Mark here. We are constantly pushing to increase margin, while ensuring to your point that we are balancing that against the need to invest in the business to maintain and accelerate top-line growth. As we noted in the prepared remarks, there are a number of exciting investment opportunities that we've identified for 2021. And we're going to take advantage of those while preserving the margin at approximately 49% to 50% for the year, after having and we spoke about this expanded the margin by 230 basis points in 2020. I gave a little bit more color in terms of how that's broken down, that might also be helpful. If we think about creation of margin in 2021 through operating leverage, that's probably 50 to 100 basis points and that's going to come from things like scalable revenue growth, a little bit of a benefit from the reset of an incentive compensation accrual. If I think about even creation of additional margin from savings and efficiency, that's probably between 140 and maybe 180 basis points to the positive and that's going to come from things like our restructuring program, which we can speak about later in the call increased automation, utilization of lower cost, location, procurement efficiencies, real estate, efficiencies, et cetera. And those positive margin creations are going to be offset and by organic investments that we're going to be making back into the business. And we spoke last quarter about that 80 million to 100 million that we're going to be reinvesting into key strategic areas, which we can talk about further on the call if you would like. And then around 50 to 100 basis points from some of the recent M&A acquisitions that we've done. And then of course, there's that math element in terms of business mix, where MA is forecast to grow faster than MIS in 2021 and that's probably a headwind of around 25 basis points. So if you put that all together, you get a sense of how we're managing the portfolio of businesses to ensure continued margin expansion while we invest in growth in the future.
Mark Kaye: In 2020, our ESG revenue is approximately $17 million. We're looking to grow that by around 25% in 2021, through discrete sales to an external client. The interesting piece about ESG revenue for 2021 is, in addition to that, looking at another $5 million to $10 million for revenue that will be earned through either MIS using their data and analytics to inform ESG data and analytics to better inform can MIS ratings and enrich the research that we produce. And through MA, where we can continue to pilot and develop new products, including distributing ESG through CreditView and CreditEdge and some of our platforms. There are a lot of exciting developments that we have going into 2021 in terms of how we're thinking about our ESG products and that is, for example, include integrating our climate and ESG content into CreditView updating, this is something we just did. Our physical risk score is for over 5000s of the companies and that's leveraging the course BvD's data and methodology, of course, increasing our coverage around the transition risk. And then finally, of course, incorporating ESG within credit and having ESG issuer profile scores is credit impact frameworks. And so there's a lot of opportunity that we're capitalizing on this space. And so it's not just about the isolated ESG business, but how it integrates more holistically across the MCO.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely, I think forward to 2021, specifically, in terms of the growth here. We'll see the majority of growth is likely to be driven throughout RD&A segments. Rob spoke earlier, we spoken part of the prepared remarks around ERS and the ongoing transmission of that business towards more of a recurring revenue basis. That will offset some of the declining one-time sales in the ERS space. So if you're thinking about actually getting some of that low double-digit guidance, the majority will come through RD&A in 2021. And then we'll see a small growth but still growth within ERS over the year.
Mark Kaye: We certainly feel very positive about some of the areas that we're investing that $80 million to $100 million of cost efficiencies into, just to give you a sense, maybe we can start in the commercial real estate side, both growth through our recent business, and then the integration, obviously, of some of the data sets that we producing and many of our adjacencies into that those commercial real estate products. I think just simply adopting a KYC and compliance, it's about that further integration of the Acquire Media, RDC, BvD, Cortera type data sets that really didn't begin to allow us to create synergistic opportunities. And then, of course, on the ESG side here, how we're beginning to build through this, we spoke a minute ago to one of Tony's question of the creation of new products and opportunities that give a holistic integrated recipe out to the market.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So as we think about longer term KYC opportunity continues to be very attractive for us, both from a revenue and a margin perspective, we're not necessarily as focused on margins in the very near term was in bolt-on and integrate that business, we're very focused on ensuring that margin protocol approaches something like the BvD margin profile over the medium term. And that really gives you a sense of sort of how we're balancing that revenue growth versus margin profile over the next 12 to 18 months.
Mark Kaye: Maybe I'll step back for a minute to talk a little bit about fourth quarter and then I'll talk a little bit about expectations for 2021 after that. And we are very aware based on our press release this morning at the first quarter margins for both MIS and MA even sales were down. And if I look at MCO in total, it's really the primary driver for that, fourth quarter expenses grew by 16%. But the primary drivers of that -- call that 11% of the 16% will really attribute to what I think of is unlikely to reoccur faster.  So five percentage points of that 16 was restructuring and severance expenses. On our efficiency programs, three percentage points of that would relate to sort of incentive stock and commissions on strong sales performance. And then, around three percentage points of that would relate really to the M&A impact as we continue to invest for growth. The underlying core expense base, there was really salary increases and hiring, and that was probably only 2%. So very consistent, very disciplined, very controlled. So now, if we step back from Q4 and we look at 2021, as a whole, we feel very comfortable in terms of maintaining our operating expense base to be supportive of the revenue that we're able to achieve in 2021. And that's what led us to give confidence in guiding towards that approximately 60% for that MIS margin outlook for 2021.
Mark Kaye: If I think about the attribution of the 2020 actual expenses to 2021, outlook as mid single, it probably be, let's quote four primary categories. The first category is really that savings and efficiency, the 80 million to 100 million that we anticipate and creating, that's probably 3% to 3.5% of that expense base. And the whole point of those savings and efficiencies is that it's kind of enable us to self fund many of the opportunities that we see in 2021, as well as to be able to enhance our technology infrastructure, to better enable automation, innovation and efficiency. That investment base that it's going to go to is probably also going to consume somewhere between 3% and 3.5%. So you could almost see the savings and efficiency and the reinvestment back into the businesses washing itself out. And you probably got around 2% to 2.5% of expenses related to that incremental M&A activity. And that's going to be a big driver of that sort of guidance towards mid-single digit growth. We've got a little bit of FX in terms of headwinds, the dollar has depreciated over or expected to depreciate over 2021 vis-à-vis 2020 and that's probably another 2% to 2.5%. And then, of course, we don't expect to have sort of that same degree of restructuring and impairment charges. So that will give you a sort of sense of the breakdown in terms of thinking and coming up with that mid single-digit guidance. You had one specific question on T&E expenses. And we certainly have modeled an increase in T&E expenses, as we move through the year, we're probably going to return to a more normalized level, by the time we get to that third, maybe fourth quarter, but it's still going to be lower than those historical levels that we would have experienced, pre-pandemic as you become more efficient and more effective in communicating with our customers and workforce.
Mark Kaye: I think about MIS for 2021, we are looking at organic growth consistent with our overall outlook of approximately flat for the year, organic acquisitions would be relatively immaterial to overall MIS after 2021. All right, if I had seen the MA, that I wasn't 100% sure, I should ignore and… And in terms of the M&A on MA, we're looking at around two to three percentage points of growth, from the inorganic acquisitions that we've completed over the last say four months.
Mark Kaye: Good afternoon, great. Let me start with the 2020 full year incentive compensation number, and that was approximately $246 million. It's very consistent with the 2019 numbers, you'll recall 237. If I think forward to 2021, and the incentive compensation is expected to be between $50 million to $60 million per quarter. It's a little higher than what we had in 2020 really, as we bring on and align the incentive compensation plans of those inorganic acquisitions into our business, I thought it might also be helpful to touch on the expense, rent, that we anticipate in 2021, addressing the equation, and from Q1 to Q4, would look to guide to between $45 million and $55 million primarily driven by selective growth in some of the investments, additional salaries and benefits and increasing team to some extent, and then really other costs, that support overwriting a revenue growth line. The expense numbers from the fourth quarter just to close out completeness for your question, really restructuring severance is probably the biggest one there that was around 36-ish million dollars. And then, really that incentive, compensation stock information and that was above our normal run rate, that's probably another 23-ish. And those are the ones that I'd suggest adjust done.
Mark Kaye: So, Kevin, in late December, we approved a new restructuring program that we estimate is going to result in annualized savings of something between $25 million and $30 million per year and that's going to -- that program specifically relates to the strategic reorganization within the MA reportable segment. We also put in place just as a reminder, in July, a separate restructuring program primarily in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and that was around the rationalization and the exit of certain real estate leases. So if I put those two together, total restructuring charges in 2020 were around $50 million and we expect that those 2020 actions are going to generate a little bit more than maybe $30 million in run rate savings. Now if I broaden the lens just for a second and I step back and I think in total since mid-2018 and including our expectations for 2021, our rationalization and efficiency initiatives will have created almost $180 million in run rate savings and we probably rough order of magnitude invested about 50% of that towards expanding the margin. We certainly saw the benefit of that in 2020 and about 50% of that reinvesting back into the business to support future growth.
Mark Kaye: Shlomo, we have incorporated Cortera into our guidance for 2021. And maybe if I just step back and I think about both Acquire Media, VM Financial, Cortera and Catalyst just in aggregate this might be helpful, the relative adjusted EPS impact for our 2021 guidance is relatively small, probably around $0.05 or so. The margin impact, as we spoke a little bit earlier on the call is a bit more impactful. We see around 130-ish basis points impact to the MA adjusted margin and around 60 basis points negative impact obviously to the MCO adjusted margin. So that might give some color in terms of those recent acquisitions and how they impact our guidance for the year, fully incorporated.
Rob Fauber: So maybe let me talk to you a little bit about the 2021 issuance outlook. And now, as I said back in October, we still think issuance is going to be down modestly year-over-year, and we're guiding down in the high single-digit percent range. And I would say, while we expect some very robust issuance activity to continue, we've got some favorable market conditions. The challenges that the year-over-year growth is, we've got some very tough comparables after two very strong issuance years between last year and year before. So our outlook assumes that these constructive market conditions continue largely for 2021, widespread distribution of a vaccine and improving economic growth. Certainly, we're seeing continued recovery in M&A activity and we're seeing a lot of now sponsor driven activity and sustained central bank support and potentially another round of stimulus. And all that, I think will be underpinned by a continued low rate environment that's going to be supporting of refinancing. That means I think we're going to see growth in some areas like, we have a rating assessment service that supports M&A activity, leveraged finance, various parts of structured finance and so on. So, Alex, maybe let me take it by sector and then you can get a sense and you can do your own compare and contrast. But for investment grade, we're looking at something like a 30% decline moderating, after what we all know is an extraordinary issuance year last year, in particular, U.S. corporate investment grade issuance was up almost 80% 2020. That's just a very tough comparable. That said, our outlook for 2021 investment grade would still be one of the strongest years on record. And we think issuers are going to continue to come to market driven by refinancing amidst all the -- as I said, kind of ongoing low rates, tight spreads, and M&A activity. Leveraged finance, we think that high yield bonds will remain elevated relative to recent years, you can see we're estimating a very modest decline of 5%. I think high yield activity outside the U.S. should improve after a relatively slower year in comparison to the U.S. And I think we'll see that investor demand should remain quite strong in the ongoing search for yield. Thinking about leveraged loans, we actually think we're going to see some growth there coming off of obviously, more subdued activity in 2020 but also being driven by M&A and LBO activity, that's going to help support issuance. When you think about structured finance, we see that improving somewhere in the range of 15% to 20%. And it's a mixed bag, as you think about the different components of structured finance. ABS growth, we think will be supported by asset classes, like auto loans, where we're seeing some good activity, maybe a little bit more muted in places like credit cards and student loans, we'll see some growth in RMBS. I think we'll see some modest growth in CMBS, the market for hold asset securitizations, even though you've got some parts of the commercial real estate market, like hotels and retail that are experiencing some distress. And then, as you know, as we think about CLOs, we also look at what's going on with the leveraged loan market. So we think there'll be some growth in CLOs with just that stronger leveraged loan supply and tightening spreads in the CLO market. So maybe just one other thing I'd add just in public finance, very strong year generally for public finance. So we'd expect that to remain elevated, but at levels consistent with last year.
Rob Fauber: From our recurring revenue standpoint, I think we'll be looking at probably something in the low to mid single digits. We've gotten some questions about just kind of thinking about our how we characterize recurring revenue versus others and I think if we included our rating assessment service and access issuance fees and issuer rating fees, we'd be looking at something like a mid-single digit, recurring revenue growth. And I think in general, when you look at it on a full year basis, pretty comparable outlook for recurring revenue.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Alex, so maybe just to touch on that, obviously, CCXI had a license suspension, it was a three month suspension coming at the end of December. And they're taking a number of actions to address that. I guess, as I think about the China's strategy more broadly, we've got the MIS cross-border rating business; we've got the MA business in China, really no impact to that. In terms of the domestic-ready market, I mean, obviously, it's unfortunate that CCXI had this issue, but they do remain the leading domestic credit rating agency in China. And I think, early signs from the Biden administration, don't lead us to think that U.S. policy towards China is likely to soften meaningfully. So I think, for us looking at this, the environment for majority on U.S. firms, I think in important sectors, like credit ratings, I think will remain challenging to be truly successful over the long-term. So we're going to continue to collaborate with CCXI like we have been on things like commercial engagement. And I guess I would also say, Alex, given some of the challenges we've seen in the domestic credit rating industry, and we're also thinking about how we can capitalize on the demand for things like green finance and insights into small businesses and know your customer solutions. So, now thinking beyond CCXI, right, in October, we set up a new dedicated Product Development Group based in Shenzhen to develop data and analytics and other offerings for China's domestic risk markets. In November, we acquired a minority stake in a company called NEO tech. And they're a kind of a cutting-edge provider of alternative data and insights serving the ESG and KYC markets in Greater China. And then the last thing I'd say is, given the importance of sustainability and green finance in China, we'd also made an investment in a company called SynTao Green Finance, and we're very excited about that and helping to support the growth of that market.
Rob Fauber: So I'd say our M&A criteria remained very consistent. And we've talked about that over the years. What we're really looking for are things that are going to advance our strategy. And I laid that out in my prepared remarks and Cortera is an interesting example. Because there's a company where we were able to acquire data that we thought was very valuable across multiple customer segments and risk assessment use cases. So that's very attractive. Another good example, Toni would be what we did with climate, we bought 427, a couple years ago, but that climate data is now being used in the rating agency has been integrated into a wide range of risk offerings across MA in addition to the standalone 427 offerings. So those kinds of opportunities are very interesting to us, where we can acquire data and analytic capabilities that have relevance across a range of risk assessment use cases. And so that's what you've been seeing us do with some of these acquisitions we've done in commercial real estate and more recently Cortera. And I would just say that, when you've got very strong industrial logic like that, it helps us meet the kinds of return criteria that we have had for years.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So maybe a couple of things I would say. First, I'm going to talk about kind of the broad portfolio of RD&A in MA that's where we obviously where we have that business today. There's a portfolio of content there, obviously, the KYC and financial crime solutions is one and we see some very strong growth rates behind that. There's also just a lot of demand for data and analytics on private companies that's to support, integrating that data into commercial lending decisions, supply chain management decisions, transfer pricing is another place where we're seeing some growth. And then we've also got in that broader portfolio within RD&A, a lot of credit research, data tools, that are also increasingly incorporating content, as Mark said, like ESG and climate and cyber. We're building out our commercial real estate content, because we got a lot of demand there from our core customer base around analytics and workflow tools for lenders and investors. And we're also seeing some good demand for our economics content. You think about that it's being used to support scenario analysis and market planning and stress testing.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe let me add to that Mark, just specifically focusing on KYC and compliance and the company and reference data, because we've made a lot of investment there. And we're continuing to make investments there. But organic and inorganic and we're now three plus years out from the Bureau van Dijk acquisition. You remember that that puzzle page they are on the webcast and we're now thinking about this business more holistically, inside of them. And collectively, our company in reference data business, is growing sales is something like the high teens. So that suite of data products is performing very well. And we're continuing to look at opportunities to complement that Orbis data and you've seen us do that with RDC. That's where we got all the people data, Acquire Media, with all the adverse media and the Cortera acquisition, giving us even more data on private companies and commercial credit. So we're continuing to invest in building out what we think of as the world's most useful and usable database on companies. And let me give you an example of the kind of thing we've done recently. This is one of our organic investments, part of the integration of Bureau van Dijk and RDC. We just completed the first commercial release where we're bringing together the Orbis database and all of its corporate hierarchy data with all of the data on people risk profiles in RDC. And that's all in one simple interface and screening tool and that is very powerful. It creates a lot of efficiency for our customers. We think it's one of a kind in the market. That was really the promise of the acquisition of RDC, was to put all that in one place for our customers and we've had some immediate customer traction with this.
Rob Fauber: Okay. I think the acquisition of Cortera. It's not a big acquisition. But it's important. It's an important next step in enhancing this data business that I've been talking about, particularly in the U.S. and Canadian market. And they're already an important data contributor to our Orbis database. We've known Cortera for years, in fact, we worked with them on the know your supplier portal that we rolled out last year during the height of COVID. So we have a really good working relationship with them. And as I said, their data already contained Orbis database. But by owning Cortera, we now unlock the access to really their full suite of reference and trade credit data, as I said, 36 million companies with something like a trillion and a half data points, it's just an enormous amount of data that we think is going to have real relevance across the Moody's franchise and a key part of that is -- they're contributed towards accounts receivable network and that gives great insights on the company spending and commercial credit. And you asked about growth. I mean, frankly, Manav, I think they've really been focused on building out this data asset, rather than really focusing on growth, they have a very small sales force. So you the data is going to enhance our offerings, as I said, in multiple end markets. And then of course, we're going to enhance their offerings. We've got a lot of great proprietary credit and company data and analytics, we've got a global sales force, a big sales force in the United States to better serve, the Cortera's core market in our shared customers.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I guess the way I might think about Manav is, we've got an enormous content engine. And as you're getting a sense, this company in reference data that we talked about it kind of the puzzle piece. That's a big part of it. Now, we've got other content engines, right, the rating agency is producing an enormous amount of content. We've got commercial real estate capabilities. And then we have, I think that is kind of several ways to distribute that. One of them is through ERS. ERS is effectively a software that is being used and embedded into customer workflows to banks all across the world. And it gives us an opportunity, I always think of this kind of risk as a service. Maybe that's the term I'm going to coin on this call but there's -- we're putting a lot of that content, you can imagine the data, the analytics, we're putting that content through those software as a service solutions. We're also leveraging that content in our research business. And then we're looking for other ways to be able to distribute that content whether it's through APIs, whether it's through partnerships with third parties. So just a big content factory and I think of the software as a service business, the ERS business as one of the platforms for distributing that content. And the other thing I'd say about ERS is, it's deeply embedded into very important workflows at these financial institutions. So it is very sticky once it's installed.
Rob Fauber: George, I might even kind of broaden the lens out and just kind of talk about, the puts and takes overall to issuance and then maybe, I'll also touch on just kind of what we're seeing in the market right now in leveraged finance. But I think, in terms of upside, if we see, a faster than expected health recovery, leading to a faster than expected economic recovery, if I think that could provide some upside, we could see some things coming out of the Biden administration that may be supportive of issuance, whether it's around infrastructure, or public finance. M&A is a wildcard we've expected M&A activity to pick up to what looks more like, levels that we've seen in kind of 2018, 2019. But it's possible that we could see, M&A activity go beyond that. And that would provide some upside also to the specifically in a leveraged finance market. Leveraged loans, M&A activity, sponsor activity, would be very positive to the leveraged finance market. What could be a headwind; you've got a lot of companies that have a lot of liquidity. So, it, we have to see what the companies are going to do with all of that liquidity, where they're going to use that to pay down debt, whether you use that to make acquisitions, invest in their business. And of course, if we see things drag out in terms of health and economic recovery that I think will probably lead to some downside in issuance. Interestingly, and Mark and I were talking about this the other day, if we see things get worse with COVID, I don't think we expect to see another surge in liquidity driven financing, like we saw in the second quarter of last year, because you still got companies that still have very healthy cash positions.
Rob Fauber: Yes, I guess I might start by, just going back to Bureau van Dijk and we have put some synergy targets out into the market at the time of the acquisition. And we've effectively achieved that. So we feel very good about the integration of Bureau van Dijk into the business. Then RDC is the other kind of big asset RDC has performed very well, in line with our expectations, since we acquired it. And the example I gave to you, earlier on the call that integration of RDCs grid database into the Orbis database to create a one stop shop is -- what we call compliance catalyst is a great example of one of the most important things that we wanted to achieve with the RDC integration. It was getting all that content that's relevant for our customers in one easy place for them to use. So our integration have already seen, that's a big milestone for us. So we feel very good about that. And we just bought Acquire Media back in October so we've got -- we actually stood up what we call an integration management office, as we've had a number of these bolt-on acquisitions and we wanted to make sure that we're able to get out of the business value as quickly as we can and get these corporate integrations done as quickly as we can to achieve that realize really the full potential of what we're acquiring.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I mean, historically, that has been the case, there just aren't that many scaled opportunities to build out the rating business. Now, you did see us making investment last year in a Malaysian rating agency, that was important for us, because it's one of the largest Islamic finance markets in the world. And so that was that we thought that was an important opportunity to kind of augment the global rating capabilities around Islamic finance. As you look around the globe, there just aren't that many sizable domestic markets. And we're in them, we're in India, we're in China. The other thing I might say is, I think we highlighted in the webcast deck, we have been building out a platform in Latin America. We call it Moody's Local. And that's basically think of that as kind of a pan regional approach to domestic markets in Latin America, so that we can provide locally tailored products with local analysts to meet local market needs and we've been getting some good traction with that, but again, just, it just aren't that many sizable opportunities. And then you look over at MA and you look at the size of these addressable markets that I talked about and the growth rates and the nature of demand from our customers. So I think you'll see that trend continue that will make regionally focused investments in the rating agency and then we'll continue to build out our presence in these risk assessment markets in MA.
Rob Fauber: In regards to a potential increase in corporate taxes, I don't think it's the first priority of the Biden ministration. And I think, you know, the COVID recovery, and then the economic recovery are really the near term focus. So, we may see discussions in the back half of this year for potentially something in 2022. And in terms of how it could impact insurance, maybe we'll roll the clock back to when there were all these questions about what would happen when the decrease in corporate tax rates, and remember all the concern about the reduction of the value of the of the tax shield and was that going to reduce negatively impact the debt issuance. And our answer at the time was, well, it's certainly a factor, but it's just one factor that drives debt issuance. And I guess I would say kind of looking the other way, that in theory, the tax shield is going to be increased. But we, it could also be limiting, to some extent the free cash flow of issuers. But I think, in general I would expect this to be pretty modest. I mean, they're talking about a 28% rate that's still lower than where the tax rate was, before any of this change. I think I would just look at things like, the pandemic economic growth, low rates for longer geopolitical factors, I think they're going to be more impactful than, what looks like a relatively modest change in the corporate tax rate. You mentioned the EGA, certainly, the Biden administration is very focused on climate change. They've already announced an incentive to rejoin the Paris Agreement. It's one of their top priorities. I think what we're going to see is more ESG disclosures for one in the United States. I think there's a real desire to just get more comparability consistency, availability, verifiability, if that's even a word, and a desire to kind of harmonize around a framework. And I think ultimately, that'll be good for the market, that'll be good for us as a provider of ESG data and analytics, I think we're very well positioned to capitalize on the increased focus on ESG.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I think in general, we have an assumption that there will be a stimulus package. I don't think we've necessarily tried to quantify the size of it in our assumptions around issuance, but if there were no stimulus package that would be a negative to our outlook and I think in terms of things like infrastructure, I think that was sufficiently uncertain enough for us as we were thinking about our outlook that we hadn't incorporated specifically or explicitly some sort of infrastructure package and what the upside. So if there were a meaningful infrastructure package, bill, I think that could provide some upside, I think you'd see that in our PPIF segment and ratings.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So maybe I'll go back to -- you're right, that trade credit data is really interesting valuable data, was part of the appeal of that acquisition and as we've said, I think you're going to see us thread that through our offerings ranging from know your customer. We've got a procurement catalyst that supports supply chain risk management. It will be useful there. You can imagine us we're thinking about integrating that into our commercial lending solutions. So a number of ways that we see monetizing that trade credit content and I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of content. Obviously, through not only Orbis, but all of our credit capabilities and so we think there is some opportunities to enhance their core offering. We have a big sales force here in the United States and better serve their core market.
Rob Fauber: It's a very competitive market. It's a frothy market. You see the valuations are quite expensive. And we have always had a very disciplined approach to M&A, which I think puts a real premium on the industrial logic of these acquisitions, because we want to make sure that we are the natural owner for these assets and that the industrial logic gives us ways to really enhance and monetize what we're buying. You go back to Cortera as a good example. I talked about the value of the data, putting it through multiple of our product offerings. When we looked at Cortera and I think they felt the same way, they felt we were the natural owner for that business. I feel the same way about RDC. And that's because when you think about what's going on with our customers, back to some of my prepared remarks, our customers have huge pain points around understanding the risk of who they are onboarding as customers and monitoring those and it has historically been a fragmented manual approach. And so the real promise of RDC was to be able to put all that together for our customers and that then allows us to be competitive in our process where there are other parties that are looking at these assets. Certainly other companies are investing in anti-financial crime and know your customer because it is very high-growth space, attractive place to be. So that industrial logic allows us to be not only be the ultimate owner, but also to meet our acquisition criteria at the same time.
Rob Fauber: Through the total revenue line. Yes. And, Simon, you've got it exactly right. Mark touched on it earlier. We've got low double-digit recurring revenue growth. That is the focus for us. It's building up the recurring revenue, the subscription part of the business and as you saw in the fourth quarter that was almost fully offset by that decline in one-time sales. Now, we had talked about one-time sales being soft back in 2020. We also had a very tough comp on one-time sales. But the reality is, I'm not sure I'd say winding down, but I would say de-emphasizing. There are some customers who still only want an offering through a licensed solution and in that case, we're probably going to sell it to them. But our real focus is on recurring revenue. So we are kind of pushing through right now where you're seeing the overall top-line is a little bit soft relative to what it's been historically but that recurring revenue line is very strong. And what Simon maybe to give you also just a little bit of insights into what is driving that low double-digit revenue growth for recurring revenue. There are really three main things I would say. One is insurers, they're seeking our help in getting compliant. You've heard us talking about IFRS 17 regulatory requirement. That stuff is very computationally demanding. And some of you may remember, we bought a company called GGY a few years ago. And the GGY product suite, along with our own internal product development has really set us up nicely to capture the demand there. So we're not only just adding new customers, but we're building new modules, we're adding analytic capabilities and we're deepening our penetration with the existing insurance customer base. That's a great story. Second, we've got ongoing demand from U.S. financial institutions to comply with the credit loss reporting requirements. And then third, you've heard us talk about credit lends, right, our commercial lending application in the past. Again, we're deepening our penetration with our existing bank customers. We're adding modules and capabilities that they need. This is another land and expand story and a great example that we launched an automated spreading tool called QUIQspread that came out of our accelerator. It's really an employee-driven innovation that worked its way through the accelerator and that's now -- we're selling that alongside credit lends and it's in use at over 40 global banks. So that's what's driving the demand. And as you said, we're going to continue to have some headwinds. I don't know exactly how long that's going to be. I would imagine in the next couple of years as that as that one-time line continues to decline.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I guess, I would just say thank you for joining today's call. I hope you all are well and we look forward to speaking with you again in the spring. Thank you very much.
Ashish Sabadra: Rob, thanks for providing the color on the integrated risk assessment market. And you're focused on the KYC and compliance obviously very high growth areas. I was just wondering as you think about your group going forward, in addition to KYC and compliance, are there other use cases or geographies which you think are pretty attractive from a growth perspective? Thanks
Ashish Sabadra: That's right. And how do you think about growing that business outside of even KYC and compliance? Thanks.
Ashish Sabadra: That's very helpful color Rob. And maybe a quick question on the organic growth for the MA business, the high single-digit growth. If you could help parse the growth from RD&A, the recurring growth in ERS and then obviously, March, you talked about some of the headwinds from shift to the subscription model, but any incremental thunder that you put pieces there, that'll be helpful. Thanks.
