Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Thanks, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's second quarter and year-to-date 2016 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our current outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. In the second quarter, Moody's revenue of $929 million increased 1% from the second quarter of 2015, despite a challenging year-on-year comparable. Moody's Analytics delivered its 34th consecutive quarter of revenue growth, while Moody's Investors Service attained its second highest quarterly revenue ever, only surpassed by its performance in the same period last year. Operating expense for the second quarter was $519 million, up 4% in the second quarter of 2015. Operating income was $410 million, a 2% decline from the prior-year period. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating income by 1%. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization, was $441 million, down 1% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the second quarter of 2016 was 44.2%. The adjusted operating margin was 47.5%. Diluted earnings per share of $1.30 was up 2% from the prior year period. Turning to year-to-date performance, Moody's revenue for the first half of 2016 was $1.7 billion, a decline of 2% from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue declined 1%. Revenue of Moody's Investors Service was $1.2 billion, a decline of 7% from 2015. Revenue of Moody's Analytics was $594 million, 10% higher than the prior-year period. Operating expense in the first half of 2016 was $1 billion, up 4% from the prior period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, operating expense was up 6%. Operating income of $714 million was down 10% from the first half of 2015. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. Adjusted operating income of $775 million was down 8% from the prior-year period. Moody's reported operating margin was 40.9% and its adjusted operating margin was 44.4%. The effective tax rate for the first half of 2016 was 32.1%, up from 31.5% from the prior-year period. Despite a good second quarter, we have modestly reduced certain elements of our revenue guidance due to our more cautious outlook for issuance outside the U.S. following the British referendum to leave the European Union and the expected negative impact of foreign currency translation. As a result, we expect to be at the lower end of our $4.55 to $4.65 EPS guidance range. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Thanks, Linda. I'll conclude this morning's prepared comments by discussing changes to our full-year guidance for 2016. A full list of Moody's guidance is included in our second quarter 2016 earnings press release, which can be found on the Moody's Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's current outlook for 2016 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty, and results for the full year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.34 to £1 and for the euro of $1.11 to €1. Based on our current business mix, the annualized impact of a $0.01 decline in the euro against the U.S. dollar equals approximately a $0.01 decline in our annualized EPS. On the other hand, a $0.01 decline in the British pound against the U.S. dollar has a minimal impact to EPS. As I noted earlier, Moody's is reaffirming our full-year 2016 EPS guidance of $4.55 to $4.65 and expects to be toward the lower end of the range. Moody's full-year 2016 revenue is still expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. Moody's operating expense is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. For MIS, Moody's now expects 2016 revenue to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range, reflecting reduced guidance for our non-U.S. MIS revenue, which we now also expect to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is still expected to decrease in the low-single-digit percent range. Structured finance revenue is now expected to decrease in the high-single-digit percent range. For MA, 2016 revenue is now expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is now expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range. Before we move to the Q&A, I would like to highlight three items, including investment we made earlier this week in Korea, an award won by MIS and the launch of a new MA product. On Monday, Moody's announced that it acquired full ownership of Korea Investors Service, or KIS, a leading provider of domestic credit ratings in Korea. Moody's and KIS have had a longstanding and productive relationship since 2001. We believe that an even closer partnership and continued investment in the business will enable us to capitalize on the opportunities for growth and better serve the market in Korea. The acquisition is not expected to have a significant impact on Moody's earnings per share for 2016 and has been funded from international cash on hand. Additionally, MIS was voted Best Credit Rating Agency in a 2016 poll of the U.S. fixed income investors, conducted by the publisher, Institutional Investor. This is the fifth year in a row that MIS has won this award. I appreciate the market's recognition of our efforts, and I applaud the accomplishments of our MIS colleagues. And finally, yesterday, we announced the launch of Moody's Analytics Risk Quality score, or MARQ, a tool to help private companies understand their credit profile and support bank lending to small businesses. The MARQ score and the related web portal are a result of our collaboration with Finagraph, a financial technology company, in which we made a minority investment earlier this year. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining Linda and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics; and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investors Service. We'd be pleased to take any questions that you might have.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Sure. As we said in the prepared remarks, it's really uncertainty about international issuance activity that's driving a somewhat more cautious outlook. And I would have to add that since the Brexit vote on June 23, we haven't seen much activity in international issuance. Average daily issuance volumes are down in really all key markets except for U.S. investment grade. That being said, the timing of the vote does coincide with a seasonal decline in issuance that we typically see in July and August, especially again in the euro market. So trying to assess, at this point, the decrease in issuance as a result of uncertainty about the Leave vote versus normal seasonal factors actually is a bit difficult. So, hopefully, we are being more cautious than we need to be, but that's what's influencing our thinking, and we also think it's going to have an impact outside the corporate sector in structured finance. So, that's really what's informing our views at this point.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. I think we are anticipating what you might characterize as a soft landing, but there is still going to be some structural change even with a soft landing. So we're not anticipating significant contagion effect throughout the rest of the EU or the eurozone. But we do recognize that assuming Brexit moves forward, and we are assuming it will, that we are going to – there're going to have to be negotiations as far as the depth of participation of the UK in the European market and that's going to affect really a number of firms, particularly in the financial services, financial institutions sector. And we will make appropriate decisions for ourselves and for Moody's, as decisions are being made in terms of the nature of the UK's participation in the European economy on a going forward basis. We really can't do anything until we see some more clarity around those decisions. And so we are obviously attentive and we are preparing for a variety of outcomes, but nothing that I would tell you is on the near-term horizon in terms of changes in our business or how we are approaching the business in Europe.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. I'll let Linda tackle the expense question and then maybe we can turn it over to Mark on the MA side.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. I'll let Rob comment on this in more detail. But as we observed earlier in the year, we think a lot of what's happening in structured market is cyclical, but there are some elements that could be structural depending on how market participants sort out the economics of some asset classes, as the risk retention rules change. Also we had a strong second quarter in structured in Europe and we will have to see how that plays out in the second half of the year, because some of that strength was concentrated in the UK mortgage sector and we'll have to see how that sector responds to what's been happening on the political side. But I don't know, if Rob has anything else he wants to add on that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No. I think it's really – it's not that it's an outsize opportunity that we're anticipating, but really it's one of the early results of our investment with Finagraph and our ability to partner in product development. So we wanted to point that out and in particular because it addresses a part of the market that some of our traditional products really aren't (34:05) focused on in terms of smaller businesses.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No. You should expect a dip, Andre, because keep in mind, we're guiding in ERS to top line growth in the high-single-digits and obviously we're running well above that thus far this year. Recall that we had that big, very big pull-forward in the fourth quarter of last year. And so our original guidance this year – when we did our fourth quarter earnings call, our original top line guidance for ERS was low-single-digits. We took that up to high-single-digits at the end of the first quarter after we did the GGY acquisition. So our expectations for this year were fairly modest growth in ERS relative to our historical growth rates because of that big pull-forward we had at the end of last year.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. Sure. With respect to India, the business that we're doing through ICRA is growing nicely. It's meeting our expectations for when we took majority control of ICRA. I think China is a different story in the sense that really not much has developed on the policy and regulatory side in recent months, but we have seen defaults occurring in the Chinese market. And you may recall, we've talked about this before that how that market evolves in terms of the willingness to allow credit problems to be revealed in the market rather than protected whether through the banking system or the government. It's going to be important for the role of particularly credit ratings that we're offering, but also our research. So I'm not obviously rooting for any companies to default, but in terms of a market structure development, I think it's promising to see that distressed companies are being allowed to fail. So, that's a promising development.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. And, Peter, just to emphasize, this is also being exacerbated by the fact that MIS is in a soft period in terms of revenue growth. So, as MIS resumes its growth trajectory, growth pattern that we've seen historically, there will be a more favorable treatment of overhead for Moody's Analytics.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: And I'll just add as this relates to a question that was asked earlier in terms of our reaction corporately to the Brexit vote. This is one of the areas, where we would be looking at whether we can improve the fact that, improve the benefit from the mismatch between revenues and expenses coming out of the UK. And that will involve looking at our operational and legal structures and seeing what we might be able to change in terms of trying to realize the benefits from that revenue cost misalignment.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. I don't know one of my colleagues can quantify that, but we clearly saw a very active second quarter in issuance activity coming out of Europe. The corporate finance was – and structured finance were both up double-digits in Europe in the second quarter. And we are attributing a portion of that to likely pull-forward. And the fact that post Brexit, we were several weeks without really seeing much of any activity in terms of European issuance, just reinforces that belief that we had some pull-forward. I would also, I guess, take this opportunity to just highlight that if we are correct about that pull-forward and correct about the slump in issuance activity being a result of Brexit as opposed to just seasonal, we would expect to see a more pronounced saw tooth pattern this year than we might have otherwise expected. So less issuance and revenue in the third quarter, and as a timing matter, probably more than we had anticipated in the fourth quarter. So I think it's not going to change the saw tooth, it's just going to emphasize that.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: I think my view at this point would be that the disintermediation is going to continue, assuming what I described earlier, as a soft landing. Certainly, if there is a more fundamental disruption of the European Union, or participants in the Euro zone that would have at least cyclical and potentially more structural impacts, but we do not anticipate that being the case. And so, I think the disintermediation will continue to be a fundamental driver of the business coming out of Europe.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. All things being equal, yes, refinancing is margin friendly. I hope that we're seeing a strong drive of new rating mandates and new business and high growth coming out of Moody's Analytics, which would constrain the margin expansion, but we'll have to see. But you are correct, all things being equal, that's going to help margins.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No. It's really that we're anticipating – compared to the first quarter, we're anticipating less revenue, less expense, and as a result guiding toward the lower end of our range while still holding the margin. And all of that happens to be within the ranges that we had previously communicated. So there's movement within the range, but not crossing from mid-single to low-single or high-single to a mid-single, for example.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No, I mean at this point, I would say that this process is characterized by an absence of milestones.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: It's very fluid, even in terms of when the Article 50 letter might be delivered. And I think it's going to create – as Linda described earlier, periods of risk on and risk off. As negotiations move forward, there are elections in France and Germany and the Netherlands next year. There's a constitutional vote in Italy later this year. So there are lots of things that are going to be happening that Brexit may influence or may influence the timing of the lead (56:46) decision in the notice. So I agree, it's going to be protracted process, and it's one that, as I said, looks very fluid at the moment.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: At this point, we have – well, since the beginning of the year, we have had a Brexit working group, that working group was expanded after the vote and includes multiple functions and disciplines throughout the organization, operational and accounting and legal, et cetera. It's really in an intelligence gathering phase at this point. There is not a lot that we feel we can appropriately do in terms of any changes to our activities at this point in time. But we want to be prepared to make any appropriate changes depending on how this process plays out. But I do want to emphasize that, however, it plays out, it looks like we're going to have a good long lead-time to respond. So I don't think this is going to be a process that surprises us in terms of some negative consequence for the company that we don't have time to adjust to, well before any decisions become effective.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: No, no. We're not Bill. It's very much business as usual to be honest. I've been in London in the last couple of days and spent a lot of time with the sales team. We've got a lot going on. We're very busy. As I said earlier the pipeline is good. So, no.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Yeah. I don't have that in front of me, but we're happy to follow-up on that. I think this is obvious, but unlike the situation that we have in the UK, we have a lot of portion of revenue in euros and a smaller portion of expense.
Raymond W. McDaniel, Jr.: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us today and thank you for the questions. We look forward to speaking to you again next at our Investor Day on Wednesday, September 28. So, thanks all and we'll see you there.
Mark E. Almeida: Yeah. A couple of things, Tim. First, we added a number of people as a result of the GGY acquisition. So, that's the lion share of the head count adds that we've had thus far this year, but we continue to add to support the growth in the business. We've added some additional sales capacity. We're continuing to do that. We've also added some software engineers and product development people because we've got a number of new product development initiatives underway that will be coming to market as we move into next year. So it's, I would characterize other than the GGY adds, a kind of business as usual, as we continue to build out the business.
Mark E. Almeida: Yeah. I'd say the trend is good. It's consistent with our expectations. I think the difference we're seeing this year compared with where we were in the first half of last year is that last year, early in the year, we had an unusually large number of very large transactions, multi-million dollar transactions, we had a number of those. And we haven't seen a similar number of similarly large transactions this year. So the pace of closing contracts continues to be quite good, but the average size of the contracts is smaller just because of the absence of some of those very outsized deals that we did last year. But the pipeline is very healthy and again consistent with our expectations. So we feel good about where we are.
Mark E. Almeida: I think it's idiosyncratic to customers in specific situations. I don't think there is anything fundamentally different about the market or demand for what we're doing. It was – I think the unusual thing frankly is what we saw in the early part of last year and those – just having a number of very large transactions. It's typical for us to get a very big multi-million dollar – sort of north of $5 million deal from time to time. We just had a big concentration of those last year.
Mark E. Almeida: Yes, that's absolutely right, Linda. We've got two things hitting the margin. We've got the GGY acquisition. And the dynamics there are that in this year, we are getting more expense than revenue not because it's not a profitable business, but just because of the accounting treatment of the acquired revenue. We take a haircut on that in this year and we've got the integration costs associated with the acquisition as well as some deal costs. So we've got – it's certainly dilutive to the margin this year from the GGY acquisition. And then we've also got the point that Linda made about our attracting more corporate overhead, as our share of total MCO revenue goes up. If you adjust for those two things, you'd actually see some modest margin improvement in MA. So, certainly all of the work that we're doing and the plans that we have to achieve margin expansion in MA are in place. We continue to move forward on those. We like the progress we're making. So from an operational perspective, we feel very good about where we are. It's just the way the numbers move around. It's difficult to see that on the P&L in the short run.
Mark E. Almeida: No. No. It's still – that's still our plan. We've got a whole operating plan around that. As that, as you know, is largely an ERS project and it's still very much the plan for the business.
Mark E. Almeida: The only thing I would add to that, Ray, we saw the highest level of fundamental issuance activity in Europe, since the first quarter of 2015. And in addition, we had the introduction of the CSPP bond-buying program in early June, which further supported issuance there.
Mark E. Almeida: I guess the short answer I think, Bill, is no. But it certainly is a – it's a step that we're taking in that direction. We think there is some – it's clear to us that there is some need and some demand from both small companies and from bankers for more and better credit scores and credit analytics. So we are exploring that and as Ray said, we're doing that in collaboration with the Finagraph, in which we made the investment earlier this year.
Linda S. Huber: Manav, let me talk to a little bit about the ramp, because we do have an update on that. We had said $35 million to $45 million ramp for 2016 and that was from Q1 to Q4, as I said. We now expect the ramp to be lower from $25 million to $35 million. That's the result of reduced cost savings, lower bonus funding and favorable FX.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Peter, you're correct regarding GGY and from – Mark will comment on this in a moment. But as MARQ's contribution to revenue or Moody's Analytics' contribution to revenue is now 33%, up from last year's 31%. MA finds itself in the position of attracting more overhead because of the revenue split. So, that is one factor that makes us a little tougher for the margin to climb in the MA business. Beyond that, I'll let Mark comment a little future on what he is seeing.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Peter. We're quite comfortable with the leverage level that we have right now. Obviously, maintaining our rating is very important. That's critical to us. We're being very thoughtful about this because operating cash flow based on net income is down a bit this year. So we've got to be thoughtful about that, but I think we will attempt to stay in the sort of range where we have been. We'll give guidance in February about the actual number for next year, but I think around this neighborhood of $1 billion seems to feel pretty good for us. We'll have to look at it for next year in terms of where all the numbers come out, maybe somewhat lighter, but we're going to have to see what we have going on as we move into next year.
Linda S. Huber: Toni, it's Linda. Thanks for your question, and I get all the complicated answers today. So let me try this. We did in our 2015 Investor Day talk about that only 2% of our revenues are GBP denominated, and 14% of our expenses are. So we did anticipate this question as to why this hasn't been more helpful to our EPS. So while those numbers are correct, as you move down the P&L, the benefit is not as strong. So currently our entity structure takes away some of that benefit, and reported revenue and expense activities in British pounds essentially offset each other, given the way we have some of our legal entities and tax structuring set up. The existing structure reflects various operational, financial and legal considerations, and we look at those and make adjustments when appropriate. Following, the Brexit vote, we're frankly going to have to wait and see what happens to see how we best might react to that. But right now, the situation is very unclear. So you're correct, there is a mismatch, but as you move down through the operating structure, we presently have in place, those numbers become more evenly matched. So I hope Toni if it's that thorough enough explanation for you.
Linda S. Huber: Yeah. Just one last thing, Toni, as we look at this. The 10-year treasury has been about 1.56%, 1.59% spreads for financing. For investment grade bonds it might be around 1.44%. So if you are a U.S. corporate, you can issue a 10-year somewhere around 3%, which is historically very, very attractive. The numbers in Europe, the spreads would even be tighter maybe around 100 basis points. So issuance there is even more attractive. High yield spreads have come in quite a bit. We're looking at about 540 basis points. So the overall conditions are really quite favorable and really good. So we're waiting to see what happens as we come out of this blackout period. But corporates are finding that overall rates and spreads are both very attractive. So we're just going to have to wait and see, what happens as we roll the calendar forward. Traditionally, as you know, August is the weakest time, but it is possible that after Labor Day, we may see additional activity, and we'll see, how that goes for the third quarter.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Incentive comp for the second quarter was $35.6 million, Craig. That was 10% of the total comp expense for the second quarter. And last year that incentive comp expense was $42.8 million. So we are down 17% year-over-year. So as we've said many times before, the incentive comp line takes the first hit, so that we can hold the margin, and frankly, we're pretty pleased about the 44.2% margin in the second quarter.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. So for the full year 2016, we are expecting that FX will have about a 1% negative impact on revenue, Craig, and about a 2% benefit on operating expense. So you can sort of work with that to see what you want to do with the balance of the year.
Linda S. Huber: Craig, given that we have so many analysts these days, we have an exciting announcement for you, that is, in the interest of time, we're going to be posting your revenue breakdown that you like to see under Selected Financial Information under that section of the IR homepage, and you can find that at ir.moodys.com. So you no longer have to write this all down just as soon as we are done with this call, you'll see it all up there for you to take a look at. So, after 12 years, we're finally improving how we handle this process, Craig. So we hope you're pleased.
Linda S. Huber: Craig, it's Linda. Another thing to – just another quick thing to consider is, as we move through the back half of the year, it is possible we may start seeing pull-forward from 2017, and you're correct that our refinancing walls particularly in the U.S. are much more helpful to us in 2017 and on through the next few years. And that's something we took a look at as we thought about our strategic plans, but we would hope to have margin expansion as we move through the rest of the decade. And we'll hope to have more to say about as we move through the guidance cycles for next year. But given the pretty attractive situation we have right now with rates, it may be possible that we start to see that 2017 pull-forward even at the end of this year. One thing we would like to make very clear to everyone is that, looking at the back half of the year, here we would expect that the fourth quarter, our expectation is that the fourth quarter will probably be stronger than the third quarter, given the traditional slowdown during the August period. So just something to think about as you look at our normal saw tooth pattern, we think that that will persist.
Linda S. Huber: Joe, it's Linda, also to add to that, of course we have the U.S. election in November, which potentially could cause borrowers to step away from the market for a bit of time. However, indications from the ECB seems to be that there is the potential for even further easing given what's happened with Brexit. So as we thought about this, we kept our range and we indicate the lower end of the range, but I think it would be very fair to say there's an unusual amount of uncertainty around this. And it could break either way, we just don't know. If conditions continue to be very attractive and we see pull-forward in the fourth quarter, this could turn out differently. But we think it's prudent given all of these various factors which are causing a lot of choppiness that we think about it in this manner. And I don't know if Rob Fauber had anything further that he wanted to say about this, but this was a tough set of guidance for us to work through.
Linda S. Huber: Yeah. And it's probably useful to add that we're conducting business as usual with a very close eye on our expense base. I think you saw that we've guided to 4% expense growth this year and it's pretty simple actually. We're directing head count and other resources towards the Moody's Analytics business in sort of a two-thirds, one-third split with the rating agency getting the one-third, because the rating agency is having a little bit of a softer patch. In fact for the rating agency, Q2 expenses were down 2% year-over-year and most of the expense work that we've been doing comes on the T&E line and other things having to do with both the rating agency and the shared services organization. So, we are investing in the businesses that are performing well. I think we're being very thoughtful on the rating agency, and we're being really thoughtful on the shared services part of the organization. So we feel good about how we're managing all of this. We continue with the acquisitions, including GGY and the remainder of KIS. But we've had these periods before and we tend to work through them and conditions do change from quarter-to-quarter.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Bill. It's Linda. In fact 78% of our cash is offshore now compared to 67% last year. And we do look to use that cash to fund acquisitions in fact as we have done the acquisition of the rest of KIS that's been funded by offshore cash, which was great. GGY is a Canadian company, partially funded by offshore cash which is also helpful. And so right now, we don't have any particular plans for that cash. But we look at all alternatives all the time. If there is a different tax regime in the U.S., potentially we could make some changes there. But right now, we think that this situation is advantageous for us and we continue to look at everything, but we like global acquisitions and it's a place where we continue to look. So we are where we are for right now.
Linda S. Huber: I think the overall expense – the overall impact of FX considering the pound and the euro is what I had said before, this is kind of a blended view. We expect 1% negative impact on revenue and a 2% benefit to operating expense. I believe, we've got it right, we were using rates of $1.34 to the pound and $1.10 to the euro in preparing these – excuse me – my colleagues have corrected me, $1.11 to the euro in preparing these documents.
