Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s first quarter 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I’ll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2012. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $647 million increased 12% over the prior year period primarily reflecting increased corporate and public project and infrastructure debt issuance as well as continued solid performance from Moody’s Analytics. All reporting units of both Moody’s Investor Service and Moody’s Analytics grew in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the prior year period. Operating income for the first quarter was $269 million, an 8% increased from the prior-year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.76 increased 13% year-over-year. While the level of issuance activity was strong in first quarter, we remain cautious about market conditions for the remainder of the year. As a result we are reaffirming our 2012 EPS guidance of $2.62 to $2.72, but now expect to be toward the upper end of the range. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates. 
Ray McDaniel: And Peter its Ray, just to add to that, while we are working our way and are fairly well through the Dodd-Frank process at this point and expect that that’s going to be finalized by the SEC this year, we do have the uncertainty around Europe and that’s going to be something we’re going to have to address as the CRA3 deliberation become more clear we hope over the next few months.
Ray McDaniel: It depends on what the final proposals are, but yes I think we have to assume that there are some cost implications associated with that legislation or legislative proposals.
Ray McDaniel: No, I think we’re just following the expected timetable for the SEC to produce its study and we don’t know their findings will be from that study.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I would be happy to make some high level comments on pipeline and I think Linda has some information as well. The pipeline, and obviously the first quarter was a strong quarter particularly in the corporate and public project in infrastructure finance areas. We do believe that that has incorporated some pull-forwards, so issuance that we were expecting later in the year has been pulled into the early part of the year. So for Moody’s Investor Service, I think at this point we now expect to see a stronger first half than second half of the year. For Moody’s Analytics, we would still expect to see a stronger second half than first half of the year. That being said, most of the activity we’ve seen has been refinance and so we have not seen an active market particularly in the corporate area around mergers and acquisitions, base financing, share repurchase, business investment spending. And depending on how confidence evolves throughout this year, we may have a stronger second half than would be implied from a more purely refinance based environment. Before turning this over to Linda on what the pipeline, it looks like the only other comment I would make here is that as we’ve seen over the last 18 months, we expect to see periods of optimism and pessimism really related to the macroeconomic condition and the European sovereign debt crisis. So the pipelines are going to be subject to whether those periods of optimism, pessimism are causing investors to move away from risk and so just expect some volatility in issuance, both positively and negatively.
Ray McDaniel: And with respect to your market share question Peter, I think it's as much a mix issue as anything else. Some areas in the market where Moody’s is particularly strong have been active such as the commercial real estate area in the US, but there are some other areas where our coverage has been weaker such as in European structured finance, where some of the rating actions that relate to sovereigns and how that impacts the structured portions of the structured market have not been helpful to share.
Ray McDaniel: We think public finance is showing and it is probably going to be a fairly study for the rest of the year. We did have a good first quarter, but we are not anticipating a big drop-off for full year. 
Ray McDaniel: Now well project and infrastructure has been strong, but we have also seen an increase in issuance at the regional government level, below the state level. 
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, there is some ability to move our professional staff between areas in MIS, but I would note that all lines of business are growing and so that does provide a constraint in terms of at least the financial ability to make the moves as opposed to for just developmental purposes. And the other thing I would just note is that a good portion of the headcount increase obviously is related to the acquisitions that we did make. So we have increase in headcount for the existing businesses that are themselves growing, but then as well from the acquisitions.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, we can talk generally about Europe versus other international. I won’t be able to give you a detail break-out within Asia, but Europe for the first quarter overall was down about 4% and other international was up about 30% so the overall was up about 6% for MIS outside the US.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just like to thank everyone for joining us and we will talk to you after the second quarter. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure Peter, let me try to tackle your question by comparing our margin this quarter which is 41.6% as compared to first quarter of last year which was 43.3%. So our margin is lower in the first quarter of 2012 by 170 basis points. And as we noted in the script about half of that is acquisition related or 90 basis points. Of that, the purchase price amortization for the acquisitions was about half of the 90 basis points or 45. The other piece of that, 80 basis points was IT related costs. And we have a little bit of an anomalous situation here on the IT front as we’re getting ready for Dodd-Frank implementation. Because we are not building permanent systems, but rather making enhancements to our existing systems we have to expense those costs. So our expenses are running a little bit higher on the IT front than they might usually for this couple of quarters. So if you want to think about that you might have certainly a 120 basis points or so that would normally go back to the margins that would not be doing so for the first quarter of this year. Looking forward, I think in the longer term we do expect our margin to be back over 40, but I think we've got to get through this period of expense ramp relating to these regulatory changes we've talked about.
Linda Huber: Peter, its Linda, let me give you some specifics and I want to speak first to the US high grade market and then I am going to speak to the high yield market. As you know we’ve just come off a gang-busters first quarter in which average monthly US high grade volume issuance was about $95 billion. Then we came into April and the April high grade volume is expected to be about $30 billion for the month. If we look at recent trends, we would have expected $42 billion that would be the 10 year average for April. So April is running light. Last week we saw about $5 billion of issuance. This week we have seen $5 billion to $10 billion of issuance. So April’s saw quite a bit of softening coming off a very strong first quarter. May, is calling for $70 billion to $ 80 billion of high grade issuance and we’re starting to see pipelines we build, but again we are concerned about the situation in Europe and any sort of week that auctions coming out of Europe can grow a range into the process pretty quickly. 2012 quoting from some of the banks here we’re still looking at $850 billion of issuance, that’s up 15% from last year, but as Ray said, we have seen some pull-forward so it’s going to be interesting to see what happens for the rest of the year. And turning to high yield, a bit of a different story and this is actually quite interesting because the high yield pipeline is still reasonably strong. For second quarter of 2011, the entire leverage market, about $27 billion of pipeline, high yield financing is about $6 billion of that, leverage loans about $21 billion. That’s the next highest after second quarter of last year where we saw $64 billion of pipeline. So high yield looks pretty good and if it all keeps coming that will be pretty helpful to us. But again, as Ray mentioned, we are very, very conscious about the risk on, risk off sort of phenomenon that we’ve been seeing.
Linda Huber: Yeah. Hang on, just one second while we get that for you, Craig. Incentive compensation was $27.5 million, that was 11% of total compensation and total comp expenses for the first quarter are running about $250 million Craig.
Linda Huber: Okay, so for first quarter for corporate finance we are looking at 73% transaction and 27% relationship, so quite heavy on the transaction side for the first quarter given the way the markets have been running. Structured finance is 56% transaction and 44% relationships, financial institutions 38% transaction and 62% relationships and public projects and infrastructure 62% transactions and 38% relationship. So total MIS is 62 and 38. Moody’s Analytics of course runs sort in reserve of that 20% transaction and 80% relationships. So for the company as a whole first quarter 2012, 49% transaction and 51% relationships.
Linda Huber: Sure for saving, total line was $78.8 million, banking was $55.9 million of that or 71%. Insurance was $18.1 million or 23% and managed investments almost $5 million or 6% and for public project and infrastructure, public finance and sovereigns $39 million which was 50%, munis just about $5 million which was 6% and project infrastructure $35 million which was 44% of the PPIF revenue line. As we had noted earlier again nice pick up in the project and infrastructure line.
Linda Huber: Yeah, let me just give you some quick details. This first quarter ‘12 first quarter ‘11 we’ve added about 430 people in the existing businesses; about 200 of those Moody’s Analytics, again to put sales effort, the Enterprise Risk Solutions business and some of the other things you’ll note that the top-line growth in Moody’s Analytics has been quite stellar and we do need people to support that. In the rating agency, we’ve added a 156 people; we’re supporting the higher volumes particularly as I said in corporate and PPIF, we’ve not added heads in structured finance. We have added few people as we get ready for Dodd-Frank and some of the regulatory functions. For Shared Services we have about 70 headcount and some of those folks are compliance, business support initiatives and we recruiting. So we’re cautious to add people on the revenue driving side and we think that we’re seeing on the top-line reflects that we’ve invested pretty well in order to have that happen.
Linda Huber: Sure Peter. As, I think we said we had $815 million of total cash at the end of the quarter; 80% it is offshore and a lot of that is permanently reinvested offshore. We do that because it’s brought down our tax rate nicely from above 40% a bunch of years ago to, we are guiding to 33% for this year. We have made real progress on the tax line which helps the shareholders quite a bit. Perhaps the other side of that is we have about a $180 million in cash in the US here, and the first quarter, as you heard from (inaudible) earlier in week are seasonally heavy cash out flow quarter. We have bonuses to pay, we have taxes to pay and we have dividends to pay. So it’s something more than the available cash and we are looking to get back into the market as Ray said to do 200 million of repurchases for the rest of the year.
