Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. At a high level, Alex, I would point to two things. One is, as you point out, we feel there are still quite a bit of uncertainty for the remainder of this year at a macro level, between Brexit and the potential for interest rate increases, and the fact that we still have some tough comps in the second quarter in particular. We do expect more momentum in the second half of the year than we've had in the first half, and we've already seen improvements in late March and April compared to the very weak beginning to the year in January/February. The other thing I'd point you to, though, is Structured Finance and the conditions for the structured finance market have been very challenged so far this year, and we think that they are going to continue to be challenged especially in the U.S. There are a number of reasons for this. Not only is it credit spreads, which can affect the economics of the transaction, but also regulatory requirements that are being implemented and interpreted, and a lot of the market participants are sorting out the appropriate interpretation for new regulatory requirements around risk retention and disclosure of underlying assets information. And that, in combination with a challenging interest-rate environment or spread environment and issues around the appropriate availability of collateral and areas such as CLOs, has really impacted our outlook for structured finance in the United States for, not only in the first quarter results, but our outlook for the remaining nine months.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. The only thing I would add is as we've said before, we would take different actions if we saw structural changes in the markets that we're operating in, versus cyclical ups and downs. This looks largely, to us, to be a cyclical condition in the markets. We'll see in the structured finance area how that market adjusts to different regulatory requirements. But history said that it does adjust, but in terms of how quickly that's going to recover we will have to see. There's a couple of phases of regulatory requirements. The market is adjusting currently to the first phase, there will be more coming. So, we just have to keep on an eye on space.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I'll start, Manav, and then invite Linda or Michel to weigh in. It's really centered on - our changes in outlook for structured finance really centered on the U.S. and within the U.S. it's focused on primarily the CMBS market and the CLO market. As you know from our prior comment in the commercial mortgage backed securities area, there is a lot of refinancing that needs to occur. Some of that refinancing is occurring outside of securitization and we are also expecting to see the volume and activity pick up in the third and fourth quarters of this year because there was very little conduit lending early in this year and the conduits have increased their financing but it will take some months for that to feed into CMBS. In the CLO area, it's the market dealing with both the risk retention requirements and the interpretations or other regulatory requirements that having to do with transparency around underlying assets and the suitability of the collateral itself. So, assuming that we see the market sort out how it is going to meet the new regulatory requirements and the suitability of collateral, again, we could see a pickup in CLOs later in the year. Pipelines are not bad. As a matter of fact, in Europe, pipeline is up quite substantially. And so, some of the issues that we're seeing in the U.S. are being partially offset by the international business. But it's still not enough to allow us to come anywhere close to holding our original guidance.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. You're correct. We have seen slower activity in our rating assessment service coincident with reduced activity and issuance. As far as the cyclicality of the conditions. Clearly in the corporate sector, this is cyclical. There are significant refinancing walls that begin to build in 2017, and really built for several years after that. So, we're going to see a large amount of activity associated with refinancing. M&A, there had been some bumps in the road with M&A, but it has been strong for a while, and to the extent that we're in a low-growth environment that has and probably will continue to encourage M&A. Where we see the erosion in M&A-driven debt is at least at the margins around some of the tax-driven deals and things of that sort. So, really I view the corporate story as being very much a cyclical story with a significant refinancing wall coming upon us beginning next year. On the structured finance side, again I think it's largely cyclical. But we have to watch and see how the market deals with new requirements, and what economically the market determines to make sense. So, that's an area to keep our collective eye on in terms of how much of it is cyclical and whether there's some structural changes to that market.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. I mean, some of it is pricing, but it's also the monitoring and annual fees associated with the new rating mandates that have come in over the trailing 12 months are significant contributor to that. So, as the stock of outstanding ratings grows, the monitoring fees, annual fees grow along with that.
Raymond McDaniel: Unfortunately, it's not as simple as an answer as would probably be convenient because we have a different mix of frequent issuer-pricing agreements versus transaction-based pricing agreements by geography. So, the U.S. market, for example, which is heavily represented by speculative-grade issuers has more transaction pricing. Those are less frequent issuers. And the European market, which is more investment-grade driven has more frequent issuer-pricing agreements. So, the pricing is a bit difficult to match up. But broadly speaking, our pricing is consistent around the world for global ratings. It's not exactly the same everywhere, but it's broadly consistent.
Raymond McDaniel: We do think that Europe is going to be relatively stronger in the second half of the year once we get through the Brexit vote and with the corporate sector purchase program through the ECB. So, assuming that Brexit is resolved in a reasonable way in terms of how the market interprets it, and with that, June purchase program kicking off. We think that's going to be a very attractive spread environment for corporates and that's supporting what should be good year-on-year growth for our European corporates.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I wouldn't say - I would not anticipate M&A to be running for the remainder of the year at the pace it ran last year but there's still going to be reasonable amount of activity. So, I don't have a number for you on that but that would be my narrative around it.
Raymond McDaniel: And this does react formulaically. So, improved performance will cause higher accruals and reduced performance will reduce the incentive comp line formulaically.
Raymond McDaniel: There is some volatility that we are accepting in order to have more transactional pricing as opposed to frequent issuer pricing. But that really, outside of cyclical conditions, it really is driven by our view of whether global debt is likely to continue to grow and we would like to capture the upside of that through higher transactional pricing, which we might think of as retail pricing as opposed to wholesale pricing. That being said, if we see a change in the growth opportunity in global debt markets, we will consider whether a different pricing model makes more sense and we would adjust.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I really think that the focus should be on transaction volumes in terms of the change. Those other businesses, rating assessment service, and that sort of thing is really not a very large part of the revenue profile for MIS. And so, even though we appreciate when that area is more active, it's not a big contributor to changes in revenue or margin. It's really based off of volumes.
Raymond McDaniel: Denny, well, we've talked about this. IFRS 9, we think, is going to be a very nice growth driver for the business. We actually think that the prospect for IFRS 9 is probably richer for us than what we've gotten from stress testing because it's applicable to many, many more institutions all over the world. So we are very optimistic about IFRS 9. It's still early days, frankly, for that initiative. We've had some success thus far. We have a good pipeline and we have very good expectations for what we can do there. But you're absolutely right. We had good strength across MA in the first quarter, really very broad-based strength for Moody's Analytics. On a constant-dollar basis, every region was up double digits organically, so we feel that the business is just performing very well. And demand for the things that we're doing continues to be very strong. So, we've taken up guidance in ERS because of the GGY acquisition, but we've also taken up guidance in our RD&A, just reflecting strong underlying growth in the business.
Raymond McDaniel: No. Our coverage was very strong, and so I don't think that's part of the story. I think the story probably does revolve around the fact that we have more transactional-based pricing than our competitor. And so in a low-volume quarter, I think that's where you see the difference show up.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. It's certainly for, I would think for some period of time that is going to be a disruptive influence in the European market. And not only because of an exit by the UK but whether that causes any other nations to rethink their position in the EU or in the Eurozone. So, it's quite speculative to try and anticipate what the overall consequence of this would be. That being said, it's also hard for me to imagine that in the short run it wouldn't have a chilling effect on issuance just because of the confusion about what the longer-term consequences would be.
Raymond McDaniel: No. Our forecast for the energy sector, the one-year forecast is for a 10% default rate and about 12.5% in metals and mining. So that obviously is elevated compared to the global 2016 forecast of about 4.5%. So, with the recent relative strength in energy prices, that might help these numbers tick down, but we'll have to see. The energy sector has been quite volatile through the first quarter. And it was a source of money both leading the high-yield sector, but then also money coming back in later in the quarter. So, it has contributed to the volatility and availability of funding based on the overall close in and out of that sector.
Raymond McDaniel: For our high-yield U.S., we're forecasting at year-end 6% in the U.S., about 2% in Europe. So, the global number would be about 4% - high 3s, 4%.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah, I mean the spreads have certainly come in from where they peaked in early February. They've come in significantly. I think it would be beneficial for them to continue to come in because there's not a lot of refinancing that has to happen this year. It is more opportunistic. So, if we were moving out 12 months or 18 months, I would say this kind of spread environment is certainly supportive of refinancing for maturing debt but right now, we're in a more opportunistic environment, so more firms can wait and see if spreads continue to tighten or not.
Raymond McDaniel: No, we've been disclosing in our Qs and K that we continue to have investigation, inquiries being made of us from the DOJ and state attorney general. That disclosure has remain very consistent, so there's really no new news to offer there.
Raymond McDaniel: Obviously, we're continuing to see significant number of new mandates. The first quarter, they were down a little bit compared to the first quarter of last year, and that would be typically associated with reduced debt market activity. So, we're convinced - I am convinced that it remains a very important fundamental long-term driver of the business. But it does follow the cycles of debt issuance activity, and so it was off slightly in the first quarter compared to last year.
Raymond McDaniel: Bill, I think the short answer is we had very strong sales at the end of last year and at the beginning of this year. It's a subscription business. And so having sales come in a bit stronger than we expected, that's going to result in more revenues that gets recognized for the full year in 2016. And it was a combination of a number of things. Customer retention continues to improve. So, we got a little bit of a bump from that. New sales production has been very strong, so that contributed. Pricing has been good. So, I guess on the RD&A side one way to say this we're firing on all cylinders. We're just - we're doing quite well there. And as I mentioned earlier, we're doing well all over the world. So, the business is just quite strong and it added to the expectation for the year and prompted us to just move the guidance up.
Raymond McDaniel: For the monitoring fees, there gross will not change dramatically for quarters two, three and four. We got the biggest in the first quarter as we move into the New Year. And then we'll see - we'll continue to see growth, but it will be more modest through the remainder of the year.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, we don't provide guidance on the margin outlook but we can - as we have discussed, we're continuing to work in executing on all the plans we have in place to drive margin expansion and MA over the next several years. So, that plan remains intact. Obviously, the acquisition we did will have some impact on the margin in the near-term, but nevertheless, the work that we are doing to drive margin expansion given the maturity of the business and the scale that we are achieving, those continue to be a work in progress.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in July. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Alex, just to give you some sense of the calendarization of that, we've taken down the MIS revenue outlook by a little bit more than $100 million. You should consider 40% of that is what we've already seen as weakness in the first quarter. 60% of it comes from the rest of the year forecast. And in terms of that remaining 60%, about 60% of that is a reduction in structured finance and the balance, about 40%, is incorporate. So, that should give you something to work with in terms of what we're seeing. So, we've taken it down for the first quarter but also we've moderated our expectations of the balance that being structured and the remainder being incorporate for the rest of the year.
Linda Huber: So, let me just set up the explanation for this. So, we saw the markets go weak in the beginning of February. We moved aggressively and we moved hard against that situation. We have taken steps in T&E and most importantly in hiring. For two of the divisions, this excludes Moody's Analytics. We are back to what I would call essential hiring, and we're looking at hiring on a person-by-person status in terms of backfilling. So, really clamped down on that front for two of the divisions. Now, we can't turn the ship that quickly, and that's the issue. So, we often talk about $50 million of expense flex. So, we have that in train already. And about half of that is from reduced incentive compensations because we've just taken the guidance down. The other half is from the expense management actions that I spoke about earlier. Now, if this gets worse, we have another $50 million which again is split about half-and-half between incentive compensation and other expense saving measures that we could take. But as we move into that second $50 million, this does get tougher. And we've already taken down our incentive compensation with this first half by about $20 million. So, we'll see how we go. And we'll see what we want to do, but we have been very clear about this, and we started these actions again in February, but you're going to have to wait for the rest of the year to see this flow through, and I'll ask if Ray has any further comment on this.
Linda Huber: Just one more clarification. The $50 million we've already committed to that is largely offset by additional expenses from GGY and what we view as potential unfavorable FX situation. So, good effort by taking down expenses by $50 million. However, we do have the offset, we're basically back to where we started. So, the watch board here is to be very, very careful with hiring and to be very careful with all other expense items up and down the P&L. And we are absolutely on that.
Linda Huber: Sure. We're looking at expense ramp from here that we think it's going to be $35 million to $45 million over the course of the year. Now, the most variable part of that is incentive compensation. If we are not doing well incentive compensation gets hit first and hard. And if we somehow manage to do better, incentive compensation might ramp up towards the end of the year. So, just to watch out there, but we expect to ramp from here $35 million to $45 million.
Linda Huber: Sure. Andre, maybe this is a good time for us to talk about what we are hearing from the banks. And again, this is issuance views for both financial and non-financial U.S. dollar issuance and then we'll go over to Europe. So, I think you should be able to see a slide that we've put up. Now, investment grade balance, curious situation. For the first quarter of 2016, $340 billion in issuance, about flat year-over-year, that's good. What was less good is that the deal count, the number of transactions was down by about 20%. So, dollar volume, dollar value about the same but deal count is down which is not helpful to us. Moving across the columns, months-to-date for April about $65 billion; and for the full year, we're looking at $1.2 trillion which is about flat. So, right now, from investment grade, the pipeline is robust. It's good. And we expect the market remain active and the backdrop is stable and companies are coming out of black out. So, it looks like there's quite a bit to do right now. So, investment grade is positive, the issue here has been the deal count. Going down the high yield, looking at the $40 billion of issuance so far, that's down 60% year-over-year. Months-to-date April $25 billion. Year-to-date, we're looking at $230 billion down 15%. The market tone is better. There's some deals in the market - there have been deals in the market this week. There's one in the market today, a Friday. That's unusual. The market tone has improved but the market is still bifurcated as you see in the second point between have and have and have not. The stronger credits are doing better. Brand tightening has already happened. We're in about 160 basis points. The question is, is that enough? And if spreads continue to tighten, we may see some progress. Conversely, if they want now again we may see further back up, so we're going to have to watch that closely. Leverage loans, we see $40 billion in the first quarter which is down 25% year-over-year, $15 billion month-to-date, and $260 billion for the year, which is down 10% year-over-year. So stability in the macro backdrop as you see in the first point is also aiding the leverage loan market. It's weaker than the high-yield bond market, though, because of fund outflows and the slowdown in CLO formation that goes back to the risk retention requirement which we can talk a bit more about if you want, and some increased default activity serves as a bit of a headwind. Now, if we move over to Europe, looking at the next slide, again, these are the views of the bank. Investment grade in Europe, pipeline is robust and can pick up further because of the ECB's corporate bond-purchasing program. Brexit, though, in the second point, is an uncertainty. And that could side line the issuers and be harmful for the summer season which is traditionally weaker depending on what happens with that vote. And U.S. corporates continue to see that there's good value in accessing the euro market, what we would call the first Yankees, and we expect that to be a heavy component of supply as it has been and will be, we think going forward. Spec-grade in Europe, the market was muted, supply was down 70% and very volatile first quarter. Again, the ECB's move had sparked the renewed risk appetite, and is leading to a pickup in high-yield activity in Europe. And tighter spreads, again may encourage further issuance. So overall in Europe, the ECB's move makes us more optimistic, but it has been a very slow first quarter in Europe. I think the overall view on the more speculative asset classes across the world would be keep an eye on spreads if they continue to tighten. We may see the outlook improve, and conversely, if they widened particularly as we go into the Brexit vote, that will be detrimental. So hope that helps to you, Andre.
Linda Huber: Manav, just a little bit of color, and then I'll ask Michel if he wants to comment further. I think your thesis was, what's changed, and shouldn't we have been able to see this when we gave our initial guidance? As I've said previously, high yields, bonds issuance down 60% in the first quarter is a pretty heavy hit. Leverage loans down 25% also is a pretty heavy hit. We have the risk-off mode happening. You had oil prices collapsing. Concerns about China and growth concerns. So, we went through a pretty heavy risk-off phase there which is now starting to wide itself. So, generally, around here, we're okay if we have one segment off, but having corporate hit hard, as well as having structured having had the worst quarter it's had in 10 quarters, we frankly didn't see that. Now, as Ray said, that is what we would view as a cyclical issue in structure, but until the participants in that market figure how to deal with some of these different conditions and move. We do think that that situation will ease as we go into the end of the year. But I don't think we expected the total [indiscernible] environment in the first quarter. We were thoughtful but it was worse than we thought. And as we've said, there are number of factors that make the rest of the year a little bit tricky to predict. With that, I'll turn it over to Michel to have him perhaps give some more thoughts about how we're viewing the balance of the year.
Linda Huber: I'm sorry. I just wanted to note that investment-grade issuance conditions are really good right now. The U.S. 10 years at 1.85%. If you want to look at Reverse Yankee Issuance, Unilever did a particularly attractive bond issuance recently, and they paid very, very little for that issuance which is really quite remarkable. We've seen M&A kind of stop as we dealt with the changes in the inversion rules. And then, this week, healthcare M&A came back strong - three deals this week. I think we saw three deals in the G&P space this week. So, there still is appetite, and there's still transactions that need to be funded. So, we'll see how that goes. So, this is really a week-by-week situation with the backdrop of the Brexit both coming up on June 23. So, it provides an unusual degree of uncertainty particularly in Europe. Absent the break that's concerned, I think we would feel pretty good about companies financing opportunities particularly for Reverse Yankee. But we're going to have to watch this closely.
Linda Huber: So, keep in mind, there's also the announced M&A pipeline that still needs to be funded. We had cited at $200 billion at the beginning of the year and only some of that financing has moved through the pipeline. So, we've got some very, very big deals. We're thinking about the Teva deal and also the Dell deal alone. That's $60 billion that we could see that has to move for example. So, we would still see that there is some opportunity there but we think that the companies are going to choose their slots pretty carefully again given the macro environment.
Linda Huber: Sure. I think we're seeing a little bit of reduced voluntary turnover, but it's only moved a few tenths of a percentage point off of our high-single-digit view of things. If one is looking for a job in the financial sector right now, particularly if one is looking for a job in the banking sector, that's a pretty challenging place to look at this point in time. So, that would probably be the reason why we're seeing that a slight reduction in voluntary turnover. Now for incentive compensation, let's talk about that. We have started the year with 100% of our bonus target being set at the $4.80 we have previously seen for guidance. We've pulled that down to $4.60. And as a result of that, we have taken down our incentive compensation. For example, for the first quarter of last year, incentive compensation was $38 million. And this year on the first quarter, it's come down to $32 million. So, we've pulled down incentive compensation pretty hard to deal with this new lower forecast. And if we're not going to hit our numbers, the employees are not paid as well. That's just the way it goes. In terms of $32 million number, we would see that it will ramp a bit as we go into the fourth quarter, if things go right. But if we do considerably better than the $4.60 we're predicting now, Joe, you would expect that we would take incentive compensation back up. So, $4.80 was 100% and $4.60 is below that. So, we've cut incentive comp accordingly.
Linda Huber: Denny, a little bit more color, in the first quarter of 2016, in fact, expenses increased 4% over 2015, and you might want to ask why that was? The majority of that growth was to continue the growth, support the growth in Moody's Analytics which as you can see is performing beautifully. So, MA expenses grew 9% which supported revenue growth which was even greater. MIS expenses though were slightly down, and of course, we're trying to match the expense support for the revenue growth in the business. And we can't do that instantaneously. Most of the $50 million that we've already equipped and processed on expense management will come from shared services, that's the fourth part of the business which I run for the most part and then also to MIS. Moody's analytics is performing well and we will continue to invest in it. And if compensation view will be slightly different perhaps than the rest of the corporation, if it performs according to its targets which through the first quarter, it has, and even better, it's incentive compensation would be at target or perhaps even higher. So, we've been very cautious to match what we're doing here with where we're seeing growth and the further reason for the growth in that incentive compensation for the first quarter year-over-year was because of some of the additions that we made in head count last year and that some of the things we've already started at the very beginning of 2016. We have a very good handle on that right now and of course, we did see the acquisition of GGY which added some expense and we continue to make prudent technology investment. But this is very carefully planned expense management where we need it to support the growth areas and we're throttling back on those areas particularly the support areas where we can do that. So, very careful, very active management of our expenses.
Linda Huber: Denny, it's Linda. And then if Larry wants to chime in, I'm sure he will do so. So, we are working with the guidance of approximately $1 billion in buybacks, and we have to set our plan as we finish the previous quarter's earnings call. So, in the absence of better information when we did this close to 90 days ago now, we decided to keep our allocation pro rata across this year because you could see a couple of points that likely concerning around Brexit, around the U.S. election and so on. So, we started out spreading our money pro rata across the year. Now, we had some heavy tiering in place, and when the stock price fell to $78, we were able to buy back more shares quite cheaply. And in fact, we were at $89 and change for average repurchase price in the first quarter. Until yesterday the stock was in the high 90s and $100. So, we felt pretty good about that. So, I'll have to see where we want to go with that allocation over the rest of the year. But, again, we have to do this in advance for the coming quarter, and we can't change that allocation until we move in to another window period. So, that's the technical explanation of what's going on. I hope that's helpful to you, and maybe Ray has some further thoughts.
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. I'll start with the corporate sector, and we'll start with investment grade, and we're looking at Q1 2016 compared to 2015. So, for investment grade in 2016, we had $66 million of revenue from investment grade. That was 28% of the total for CFG which is $240 million. Last year, we had $87 million as investment grade and $298 million in corporates, so the percentage stayed about the same at 28%. That grade is where the story is. For the first quarter of this year, we had $30.3 million. That is less than half of last year's $62.7 million, and this year we're looking spec grade being 13% of the total. Bank loan is down a bit at $41.3 million versus $44.5 million last year. And 17% of the total and other about flat $102.6 million and 43% of the total for CFG. Going to structured. Again, quarter-over-quarter, 2016 versus 2015, ABS, asset-backed security, is pretty close, about $20 million for the first quarter of this year versus $21 million last year. Percentage is about flat at 22%. RMBS, also not that much movement. In fact, this was up in the first quarter of 2016 to almost $21 million versus about $18 million last year. Percentage was up to 23%. Commercial real estate here again was where we saw we had more dramatic difference, about $28 million in the first quarter of this year versus $33 million last year. Percentage is about 31% this year. Structured credit also have more dramatic change, $22 million this year versus almost 29 last year, and 24% of the total. So, that's the story in structured. FIG, not too much difference in FIG, total of $95 million for the first quarter of 2016 about flat to last year's about $94 million. FIG does not move around as much as the other line. So, for banks, we're about $59 million. Last year, was about $63 million, percentage is about 62%. Insurance did perform better. We're close to $30 million in insurance versus $25 million last year, that's 31% of the FIG total managed investments, about $4 million flat to last year in dollar and percent. Other also flat in dollar and the percent to about $2.5 million and 3%. And PPIF again, this is another less-than-pleasant surprise. Last year in the first quarter, PPIF in 2015 did $100 million. I'm sure we have a little bit less than $92 million. So, CFG severance is about $55 million, about flat to last year's $56 million. Project in infrastructures where we saw some weakness about $36.5 million versus last year's $44.5 million. So, that's about 40% of the PPIF line and about an 18% decline which was obviously not helpful. Then the other line is negligible for PPIF. So, again PPIF in total down 9% year-over-year. So, we had three out of four of the businesses having some challenges with corporates down the most in dollar and percent terms. Structured which is our second biggest business so off. And then PPIF off 9% as well, with banking about the same. So, again, if we have one of these engines have a bit of a challenge, we can usually figure it out and make it up somewhere else. But three out of four of the MIS engines down that's a little bit tricky. And so, you see the results in the quarter numbers.
Linda Huber: Let me take a look at that Craig. Q1 over Q4, I think the answer to that is that we did reopen our 30-year notes in November of 2015. Now, not to call anybody out but a number of the analysts have completely missed that we took on $300 million worth of debt in the fourth quarter in November. We've talked about it a lot. But despite that, some folks have completely missed it. So, adding another $300 million of debt in November we only had, obviously, a partial inclusion of that debt in the fourth quarter and we had a full quarter of net interest expense in the first quarter. So, let me see. We - the fourth quarter, we had interest expense of $31.8 million, and that bumped up to $34.6 million in the first quarter of 2016. So, that's what that's all about. And again, sorry if we didn't signal this strongly enough. We thought we did. But everybody should note that we added $300 million to those 2,044 in November.
Linda Huber: Bill, we have 73% of our cash offshore to be exact and the total amount that we have is $2.066 billion. So, $1.05 billion offshore and a little bit more than $0.5 billion is onshore. We do have some room within our leverage. But given that we did the $300 million addition in the fourth quarter of last year, I think our view would be we're fine for right now. We'll wait and see what the end of the year looks like, but, yes, we could potentially put on a little bit more debt. We're watching the markets very closely. Your point is very good that we have a private placement with a particularly high coupon coming due in 2017, and we're running the breakevens on that right now, and we'll take a look at that. If we do decide to move toward the end of the year, that may or may not be included, depending on what the breakeven looks like. But we're watching the markets carefully. But since we did $300 million more in the fourth quarter in November, as I've just said, I think if we do anything, it might be more weighted toward the back half of the year. Our cash position is fine to continue with our share repurchase, and we'll continue to run our plans as we have guided.
Linda Huber: Henry, it's Linda. To be clear about this, we report our margins fully loaded with overhead costs. I would ask you to look at that very carefully compared to others who are in the same business. Mark's business has been particularly successful of late, and perhaps the less than happy outcome for him is that he's now allowed to carry more of the overhead allocation which makes his life a little bit harder on the margin line. So in the no good deed goes unpunished category, just something you might want to think about a little bit because we do most of that work after we look at what's clearly trackable and traceable for overhead allocation. That's based on the revenue view. So, Mark's progress is garnering him a little bit more overhead.
Linda Huber: Tim, let me just make one thing clear. We received a question why did we deal with our guidance right now on the first quarter call that's a little bit early for us. Part of the reason why we did that is change in guidance triggers the reduction in incentive compensation for us. In other words, we've just taken out about close to $20 million in incentive compensation for the first quarter and the rest of the year. That is the result of our pulling down the guidance. So, we will look at now how we perform according to where we are with the midpoint being $4.60. So, the next thing that would happen on $50 million is we'd be about evenly split between another $25 million in incentive compensation if our performance is weaker than we expect now, and some other cost cuts that we could make. We probably need to keep with some essential hiring, less so in shared services but certainly in MIS. We'd like Mark to continue with his hiring plans in MA because they're doing really well as he's outlined. And we've got to be thoughtful about what we're doing with our technology spend. Projects that we could postpone or dial back. I think we've largely done that. We're taking another pass through that, but again, there are certain things that we need to do around here and it gets harder with the second half. Again, we've had cost conditions in the first quarter. We view that as cyclical. We have better coverage proportionately and structured finance which has been hit hard in the first quarter and we're waiting to see what happens for the rest of the year. So, we think we're being prudent and incentive compensation is what we're going to do in order to keep the margin from being hit. Now, we've move the margin guidance down from about 42% to about 41%. So, we are holding the margin for the most part down 100 bps perhaps in the guidance but the first hit goes to incentive compensation and we would like the shareholders to note that it is our intention to hold the margin at about 41% which is still pretty healthy. We hope that helps in terms of your questions, Tim. If I missed anything, let me know.
Mark Almeida: Yeah. I think you've got it right, Andre. It's really driven by the GGY acquisition, taking up the ERS result to high single.
Mark Almeida: Yeah, the business is performing very much in line with what we expected coming in to the year. The timing in the first quarter has been a little different. I think we've just been executing quite well on project delivery, so we pulled some things forward. But the base outlook for the business organically is consistent with what guided to previously.
Mark Almeida: Peter, the way to answer that is we've got frankly and we talked about this last time. For ERS, we've got a pretty modest revenue growth outlook this year partly because of the pull forward that we saw at the end of 2015. We pulled up a pretty sizeable chunk of revenue in the late 2015 from 2016, so that was impacting our 2016 growth rate. But we still - the business is still performing well, I mean, trailing 12 months sales are now down to I think 1% over prior year. I think that's really a question of difficult comps in this past quarter and in the second quarter of last year. We expect double-digit sales growth for the rest of this year. So, I think we're going to be in good shape as we move into 2017. I don't see this impairing growth in the business going forward.
Mark Almeida: Net new sales, well, again, to be very precise, trailing 12 months sales are up only 1% over where they were this time last year. That said, we had very, very strong growth in the second quarter of last year and in the first and second quarters of last year. So, we've got difficult comparables in this period. Moving ahead, in the quarter 2, 3 and 4 of 2016, we're projecting double-digit sales growth in ERS. So...
Mark Almeida: No. No. I'm sorry. I'm talking about sales as opposed to revenue recognized on the P&L. So, billings would be the right metric.
Mark Almeida: Patrick, we have not historically seen very much correlation between head count cut backs on the sell side and the RD&A revenue and in fact, arguably as they cut back on head count, be it on the sell side or on the buy side, those organizations become more dependent on people like us as providers of information and analytical support. Where we saw a real impact on the business is when you're in a very, very, very bad environment like what we saw in 2009. But in this kind of an environment, we have not historically seen that as a headwind for RD&A and maybe even a benefit to RD&A.
