Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with comments on our outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. In the fourth quarter, Moody’s delivered revenue of $866 million, a decline of 1% from the fourth quarter of 2014, but an increase of 2% on the constant currency basis. Operating expense for the fourth quarter was $533 million, flat to the fourth quarter of 2014. Operating income was $333 million, down 3% from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization was $362 million, also down 3% from the same period last year. Operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2015 was 38.5% and the adjusted operating margin was 41.8%. Diluted earnings per share of $1.09, was down 3% from the prior year period. For full-year 2015, Moody’s achieved revenue and EPS growth for the sixth consecutive year, despite difficult market conditions. Moody’s revenue was $3.5 billion, an increase of 5% from the prior year or 9% on a constant currency basis. Revenue of Moody’s Investors Service was $2.3 billion, an increase of 3% from 2014 or 8% on a constant currency basis. Revenue of Moody’s analytics was $1.2 billion, 8% higher than the prior year period, or 12% on a constant currency basis. Operating expense for full-year 2015 was $2 billion, up 6% from 2014. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted operating expense by 4%. Operating income of $1.5 billion increased 2% from 2014. Adjusted operating income of $1.6 billion increased 3% from the prior year period. Operating margin for full-year 2015 was 42.3% and the adjusted operating margin was 45.5%. On a constant currency basis and excluding our 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, operating margin and adjusted operating margin would have increased approximately 40 and 50 basis points respectively year over year. Full-year 2015 earnings per share of $4.63 increased from $4.61 in 2014. Non-GAAP EPS of $4.60 was up 9% from $4.21 in 2014. In both years, non-GAAP EPS excluded a $0.03 benefit from legacy tax matters. Full-year 2014 non-GAAP EPS also excluded a $0.37 gain, resulting from Moody’s acquisition of a controlling interest is ICRA Limited in the second quarter of 2014. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll conclude this morning’s prepared comments by discussing our full-year guidance for 2016. Moody’s outlook for 2016 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to some degree of uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Moody’s guidance assumes foreign currency translation for the British pound of a $1.42 to the pound and for the euro of $1.09 to the euro. For all other currencies, Moody’s assumes end of 2015 exchange rates. Although we expect continued market volatility, we’re projecting mid-single digit percent revenue growth in 2016 as well as EPS of $4.75 to $4.85. Operating expenses expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Moody’s projects an operating margin of approximately 42% and an adjusted operating margin of approximately 45%. The effective tax rate is expected to be 32% to 32.5%. 2016 free cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.1 billion. Moody’s expect share repurchases to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are projected to be $125 million to $135 million. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be approximately $130 million. For MIS, we expect 2016 revenue to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Both U.S. and non-U.S. MIS revenue are also expected to increase in mid-single-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is expected to be flat. Structured finance revenue and public, project and infrastructure finance revenue are each expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Financial institutions revenue is expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. For MA, 2016 revenue is expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. U.S. revenue is expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range and non-U.S. revenue is expected to be flat. Research, data and analytics revenue is projected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Enterprise risk solutions revenue is expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range, following earlier than anticipated recognition of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2015. Professional services revenue is expected to decline in the low-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investors Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’d be pleased to take your questions.
Raymond McDaniel: The only thing I would add is with respect to new rating mandates. We did have a healthy pace of new mandates throughout the year in 2015 coming in at about 770 new mandates. And that has continued to be a healthy pipeline early this year. So there’s obviously going to be decisions by potential new issuers about when and if they want to get in the market and I agree with Linda’s comments on stability, will encourage them in. But we take that as a good sign in terms of the pipeline of new activity of fresh names.
Raymond McDaniel: The overall impact of FX would be about 1% unfavorable on revenue and about 2% favorable on expense. I don’t have the breakdown by the individual business units, but that’s for the overall corporation.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. We are really looking at strength in multiple areas of structured finance in 2016, within offset coming from the CLO sector, which we think is going to be softer. And really, I think the most important driver in structured side is the refinancing that has to occur for commercial real estate. So we expect to have a strong year for CMBS in particular, but also we expect to continue to see growth in the asset-backed and residential mortgage-backed security sectors. That is - and that improvement we anticipate in really all geographies, probably stronger in the U.S. except for the CLO area than in Europe, but we do expect to see growth around the world.
Raymond McDaniel: No, the only reminder I would make is that our reaction to cyclical changes is going to be less material than anything we see happening that’s more structural in nature. And so, if we do see structural changes in our markets, we are going to react more aggressively on the expense side.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. It would not be material. We have, I think as Linda mentioned, we have a trailing 12 months default rate for high yield at little over 3%, and we’re expecting that to increase by year end 2016 to about 4.5%. That 1.2%, 1.3% difference in default rates is not going to be material to the overall monitoring fees we get in, which obviously include not only the high yield sector, but the investment grade sector, and non-corporate monitoring fees as well.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, and I would also just add that this is not - we’re not stepping away completely from Implementation Services.
Raymond McDaniel: So it’s difficult for us to give you a precise number on that, because we don’t know exactly what that interaction between implementation services and product sales will continue to be.
Raymond McDaniel: If you exclude energy, as of year-end 2015, the 12-month default rate was actually quite low. It was about 1.6%. So with - and we don’t have a - don’t publish a speculative grade forecast by industry. But you can look at that 1.6% ex oil and gas, and metals and mining as compared to the overall default rate of 3.2% as of December.
Raymond McDaniel: I wouldn’t say we’ve seen anything that we characterize as a bubble. There obviously are some parts of the market that have more leverage than others and obviously there is stress in the energy, metals and mining sectors. But looking at the market more broadly, there’s nothing that I would say we’ve identified as being a particular red flag.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. I’ve thought for a while that the second-half of the year offers more potential probably than the first-half of the year and in part, because we do have the refinancing build from 2017 through 2019 coming closer on the horizon. And also just because we’ve been through a recent period of really strong volatility in the markets, and I think markets looking for more stability in energy and seeing where spreads settle that’s going to encourage. The stability itself will encourage issuance in addition to the refinancing walls that will be coming closer.
Raymond McDaniel: Bill, it’s Ray. I have to be honest; I didn’t quite keep up with all the math. But maybe what I can do to be helpful is to remind listeners that our revenue typically follows a saw-tooth pattern with the second and fourth quarters being stronger, first and third quarters being softer. We did not see that pattern strongly in 2015, because of weakness in the fourth quarter. And I would anticipate at this point in time that we would be back to more of the traditional saw-tooth going into 2016. So second and fourth quarters - and I would also anticipate that, as I mentioned a little while ago, that we may see momentum picking up in the second-half of the year this year.
Raymond McDaniel: And, Warren, I’m not sure if that’s what you were getting at. But if it was I hope that was satisfactory.
Raymond McDaniel: I think it’s - first of all, some stability, so that companies feel that they have visibility in what their issuance would look like. Obviously, rates and spreads are relevant. I don’t think that movement on the short-term rates is going to be particularly impactful. It’s really looking more the long-term rates for the bond issuance. And it also has to do with economic momentum in the economy and refinancing needs. So if we have relatively wide spreads or volatility in the market, and we don’t see a lot of economic momentum to encourage capital expenditure and business expansion and we don’t have refinancing needs, then issuance is going to be more subdued. But when that combination of factors starts to come into better alignment, stability, spreads narrowing and the need to refinance either for business expansion or they need to finance either for refinancing or business expansion, that’s the virtuous cycle.
Raymond McDaniel: I guess, the short answer is no. We really didn’t do anything differently than we normally do. It’s a combination of internal work and speaking with other market participants to get their consensus views and we build our forecast off of that.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, I guess it would help the high yield line item. It wouldn’t help the investment grade line item. But I think your - the serious part of an answer to your question would be that we really wouldn’t expect a material commercial difference based on investment grade names falling into the spec-grade range. We have both frequent issuer pricing agreements and we have transaction based pricing. And so, it’s possible to see more frequent issuers dropping into the spec-grade range, but I think that would be very much at the margin and would not impact our - the financial part of our business as opposed to the Analytics.
Raymond McDaniel: No, I think it’s really, as Linda was pointing out, that to the extent that having companies in distress drives a portion of the mergers and acquisition activity we see in the market, that can be helpful in terms of new financing to handle that M&A. But otherwise, no, I don’t think it really is going to have a big impact.
Raymond McDaniel: In terms of our outlook, we made, as you saw, we expect corporate finance to be flat. We would expect the investment grade sector to be a bit stronger than the spec-grade or bank loans. But we haven’t broken that out into further detail. The second part of your question, I apologize, just slipped my mind.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes. Now, the pricing is - the pricing opportunities are similar. I think we provide a lot of value in the spec-grade market with our research and ratings. And so, yes, these are companies that have more difficult financial circumstances in many cases, but it’s also where marketability of their bonds and the commentary that we offer I think provides quite a bit of value to them.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thanks, Linda. And just in ending the call, I do want to announce that we will be hosting our Annual Investor Day this year on Wednesday, September 28, here in New York. And more information about that will be available on the Investor Relations website as we get closer to the event. So thanks for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking with you again in April. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure, Manav, Salli is going to put up a new slide, which looks at the summation of views we’ve gotten from a number of investment banks. And we received this on the afternoon of February 3. This is solely U.S. issuance information though. And it is for both financial and nonfinancial bonds and leverage loans. I’ll go through each of the categories that hopefully you could see up on the screen. Finally, I’ll conclude by making some quick comments on the European outlook. So firstly, investment grade, for January we saw about $125 billion of issuance. And it was the fourth highest volume month ever. However, $46 million of that issuance came from one deal, the Amba’s [ph] deal. We are encouraged by approximately $200 billion in the visible M&A pipeline, but volatility is impacting the pace of that issuance. So the pipeline is healthy, but we do seem to have some backup in the issuance pipeline. All-in funding costs are generally quite attractive. And lastly, the last point there and it’s just in M&A, shareholder-friendly activities continue to be cited as a use of proceeds. So for the year, we see about $1.2 trillion in investment grade issuance in the U.S., which is about flat year over year. And that’s a reasonable outlook that we can work with. Moving on to the speculative grade categories, high-yield bonds, January about $7 billion of issuance. The leverage market was soft in December. That tone has continued into January and that makes us cautious. $35 billion is in the forward pipeline, and again we see two classes of issuers, those with higher quality speculative grade names have access and those with lower ratings don’t; continuing headwinds coming from the commodities’ volatility issues and default rate concerns. And last week, we saw inflows back into high-yield funds, which we hadn’t seen since the start of the year, which may indicate that perhaps we’re establishing some stability which would be helpful. Though for the year, estimates range pretty widely on high-yield bonds. About $240 billion is the sort of mean number that we’re seeing. That’s down 15% year over year. Last year, I think we did about $275 billion. And this number has come down as we’ve moved to this point in time. Leverage loans, we saw a $20 billion of issuance left in January and expecting $260 billion, which is down 10% for the year; so we’ve seen low volumes in the high-yield bond markets and loans are about on pace with 2015. Leverage loan activity was consistent week-to-week in January. And banks expect this to continue. Again we can see $45 billion in the forward pipeline, but the timing of that is very much open to discussion and of taken default could cause the loan space to be impacted negatively, but less so than the high yield bond market; so investment grade in summary in the U.S., about flat this year, high yield bonds down 15% and leverage loans down about 10%. Now in Europe, just in terms of what we’re seeing there, generally, we see broader views as to what could happen this year in terms of issuance, but generally for Europe from the banks we’re seeing investment grade up about 10%, high yield bonds down about 10%, and leverage loans up about 5%. In terms of what we are seeing, the ten-year is quite tame at this point about 184, 185, and spreads on U.S. investment grade bonds about 216 bps and in high yield about 765 bps. So spreads have widened, but the ten-years come in, so we think all-in financing costs are relatively attractive. In Europe, the spread numbers are about 154 basis points for investment grade and for high yield about 538 basis points. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Ray. And potentially Michel may have some other color as well.
Linda Huber: Manav, just to sort of put a stake in it for you, we’ve looked at - we budgeted as we said at $1.09 on the euro, the euro has in fact moved up a bit from there; and $1.42 on the pound. The net impact is, if the euro moves down from $1.09 by about $0.01 that hits us about $0.01 in EPS. But as we said, since we finished putting this together and in fact the euro has appreciated versus the dollar. And I don’t know if anyone else has any more specific comments. And that’s…
Linda Huber: Sure, Andre. Couple of comments. I would note that in the fourth quarter expenses were flat. And with incentive comp, we offset any other increase in compensation. So we’re pretty aggressive about managing expenses as you had noted. Just a couple of comments. If in fact the top line does pick up, we get pretty good operating leverage on those increases from the top-line. The only incremental piece that we really need to pay would be incentive compensation. So we look at maybe $0.60, $0.70 on the dollar of revenue so that is very helpful. As you pointed out the top line is the tricky part for this year. And we’re looking at margin being about flat. We finished last year at 42.3% and we’re saying that will be about flat this year. To be perfectly honest, it’s a little tough for us to have the margin come in exactly at where we expect it to. But we are reinvesting in our business and we think flat margin is fine. From an FX adjusted basis, we’re planning for expenses to increase by about $100 million in 2016 and those are about evenly split between three different things. The first is the roll-forward of the hiring we did at 2015. Second would be the hiring we’re doing in 2016. And the third would really be around technology and real estate changes that we’re making. On the technology piece, we are investing in our systems. Cyber security is a piece of that, which I think every financial corporation is looking at right now. And then we do have a bit heavier than usual real estate piece. I think you’ve probably seen, we’ve taken two floors over at One World Trade Center at very attractive rates. And the 52nd floor here in this building at 7 World Trade also at very attractive rates. But we do need to get those new floors online here and there will be some expenses associated with that. So nothing very exciting, but to drive the top line, which we think is pretty healthy, given what other companies are putting up. To drive mid-single-digits we do need to spend some money. And our plans are modest, but we are thinking revenue will be about flat. I don’t know if Ray or the division heads had anything more to say on that.
Linda Huber: Alex, let - maybe Ray and I can take a start at that and then we’ll ask Michel to think about it. The monitoring fees are the most constant part of our business. And the average life of debt right now is about seven years. So they moved very slowly. But we do have price increases on those fees year over year on new mandates that we bring on. And we would expect that that line would move to the upside and would move gradually. I’m not sure that defaults would have much of an impact on that. They’re really two different things. But I’ll ask Ray for his comments.
Linda Huber: Sure, Alex. I’ll take a shot on that for Copal Amba and then I’ll turn it over to Mark on the training business. So what’s behind this Copal Amba? We had attrition of one large customer account. Now as you aware, you’re quite aware, Alex, the global banks are having some challenges right now. And some of them are responding to that by increasing headcount at Copal Amba, but one large bank went the other way. So we have to lap back. We are working very hard on restructuring of sales functioning and broadening away from the global banks in terms of the customers that we serve. And that’s going well. We are encouraged by our early progress there. But we did make very good strides integrating the business last year. We’ve really ramped up our internal efforts of having Copal Amba to support both Moody’s Analytics and the rating agency. So we are very encouraged by that. But as I said, we did have one large bank go the other way, and we’ve got to work through that. Maybe Mark wants to talk a little bit about training.
Linda Huber: Sure. So for fourth quarter of 2015 incentive compensation was 13% of our total comp expenses of $336 million for the quarter, which was just about flat to what we did for last year, but the components were quite different. For this year we put up $44 million in the fourth quarter for incentive compensation. Last year we put up $53 million. So this was delta of almost $9 million. The fourth quarter of 2015 didn’t come in as strong as we might have liked, and therefore the incentive compensation accrual backed off by quite a bit. Also what was interesting is last year we did have $7 million of profit sharing in the fourth quarter. And for this fourth quarter we did not have any profit sharing. And so that saved another $7 million, so really $16 million there, reduction in those two lines. Now, on salaries and benefits, we did move up from $255 million last year to about $272 million this year. So again, that increase in salaries and benefits were - that was completely offset by what happened with the incentive compensation. Stock-based comp was about flat at $20.5 million, so not much going on differently there. But, I think, what we want to demonstrate here, Doug, is we pulled the incentive comp lever pretty hard if things are a little bit weaker than we think. And the first reduction there goes to unfortunately to the employees. So that’s how we handled it. I hope that’s helpful.
Linda Huber: Warren, it’s Linda. I think you had said M&A activity. I’m assuming you mean for the economy as a whole has been helpful to us in terms of bond issuance. You wanted us to comment on that. I’m not sure we were quite clear on the second part of your question there.
Linda Huber: Sure. M&A has been a wind at our back. And as I noted earlier, we got about $200 billion in the investment grade M&A pipeline. And we got about $35 billion in the high yield pipeline. That’s kind of sitting there waiting to move. We’ve seen this situation before. We’re in a risk off part of the market. We’ve had a lot of volatility. But these pipelines will move eventually. We’ll wait and see where things go with the Fed potentially in March. But when we can see the pipelines there it does give us some view to be a bit more optimistic. The timing is the tricky saying and that’s why at Moody’s we don’t give quarterly guidance, because it’s very difficult to predict. But we do expect that M&A is continuing and that a lot of companies have bridge loans in place for financing and eventually they’re going to have to be taken out; so it’s a matter of when and I’ll let Ray say some more about that.
Linda Huber: And let me just comment a little bit more on our various sectors here and Michel may be helpful to this discussion. So we said for investment grade issuance looks to be about flat. In high yield bonds for 2015, we did $183 million of revenue, that’s about 5% of the corporation’s revenue, again high yield in 2015 only 5% of the corporation’s revenue. Bank loans a little over $200 million, about 6% of the corporation’s revenue. And in the fourth quarter of 2015, as I had said to Craig, our spec-grade revenue was down to $26.5 million. We thought very hard about high yield for 2016. And we think that the Q4 run rate in 2015, we hope it’s low. So we have reduced our high yield view. We’ve been very thoughtful about the quite as bad as it was in the fourth quarter of 2015. We are watching this very carefully. It’s probably the trickiest line we have to work with here. And I might invite, Michel, to say a little bit more about his thoughts on that, because that really has been I think the biggest challenge for us in terms of how we’re thinking about 2016. Michel, you want to add some color.
Linda Huber: Yes. We didn’t get any further questions on expenses for 2016, and just to make sure that we’re level-setting, we often comment on the expense ramp, but this time in the year we hadn’t done that yet. So I want to make sure that everybody’s on the same page with that. Over the course of 2016, we are looking at expenses to generally ramp from $35 million to $45 million from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. We would caution everyone that expense timing, FX movements, and particularly incentive compensation, can move that number around, as we’ve seen in previous years. We’ll continue to manage the costs carefully. We have about $50 million of expense flexibility that we can move on. If we did encounter more dramatic situation, we could probably about double that, but we are not expecting anything like that. And as the year progresses, of course, those amounts come down. Similarly, we didn’t have any questions on the tax rate. We are looking at 32% to 32.5%. We can’t do exactly the same thing on the tax rate every year, because we are impacted by individual audit results. So we do expect with U.S. being the balance of our income potentially for 2016 that we might have a little bit more to pay on the tax rate, so again 32% to 32.5%. And our CapEx guidance, I think most of you saw had moved up a bit, and that is primarily because of some things that we’re doing in technology and real estate, as we had said before, but just wanted to make sure that everyone was aware of those numbers, so that can assist in your modeling effort. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Ray.
Mark Almeida: Sure, Alex. In the training business, we had a very good year in 2015 on the sales side in training, which is going to result in much better revenue out of that business in 2016. So that’s the good news. We still have a pretty sizable FX hit in the training business, so which is going to hold down the reported growth rate. But I think we’ve got some - we got much more strength on the training piece of professional services in 2016 than we saw in 2015.
Mark Almeida: I am not more upbeat about 2016, because we had two consecutive years of benefit from timing. We had a big revenue recognition event in the fourth quarter. We knew that was coming. We just didn’t know when it was going to come and it happened to come through in the late part of 2015 rather than in early 2016. So that was good news for 2015, but of course it impacts the 2016 outlook. The other thing we have going on, Peter, is that we continue to take some FX hits as we roll into 2016 as well. So we are a bit modest in our expectations for ERS in 2016. I’d just remind you that over the last - well, we had 1% growth in the fourth quarter in 2015, but that was off of a very strong 42% growth in the fourth quarter of 2014, so that was pretty good. If you look at the prior seven quarters, four of those quarters we came in at 24% or better and the other three were 12%, 13% and 14%. So we’ve had a pretty long run now, a very strong growth in the ERS business. And we’re just going to settle out a little bit in 2016 as we kind of get the - as the timing normalizes, if you will.
Mark Almeida: We continue to feel very good about the sustainability of the business. Again, if you look at on the sales side, sales growth was very healthy in 2015 despite our having taken about two points of FX hit. The other thing, I would just remind you of, and we’ve spoken about this before, but we told you we are deemphasizing the Implementation Services business. That’s the relatively low margin piece of the ERS business, which has been driving a lot top-line growth for us, but hasn’t been doing much on the margin. So as we back away from that, we’re going to give up a couple of points of growth on the top line to set ourselves up for more profitable growth going forward. And that’s a little bit - again, if these plans work out the way we’ve organized them, that’s going to be again a bit of a one-time hit to top line growth in 2016, but should set us up for good growth going forward and more profitable growth going forward.
Mark Almeida: Well, as we’ve said, we are - we view the margin expansion program for MA as something that is going to take place over several years. We view it as a marathon rather than a sprint. So we still have those plans in effect. We have the variety of things that we’re doing, that we believe will position us to run a more profitable business. The other thing I would note however, Peter, just to keep in mind in the context of Linda’s comments is that, as MA grows and grows faster than the rating agency as we saw in 2015, we do attract more corporate overhead. So we’ve also - we’ve got that offset going on as well. But nevertheless, our plans for driving more profit out of the business are still intact. We’re executing on those plans. We feel good about what we’re doing.
Mark Almeida: As for the first piece, it was about $20 million that we pulled from 2016 into 2015. So it just gives you a sense of the scale of that thing. With respect to your second question, the short answer is no, demand continues to be very healthy. We really haven’t observed any meaningful change in customer behavior. We haven’t observed sales cycles lengthening or anything like that. The sales pipeline is very, very healthy. So honestly, I can’t say that we’ve observed anything that would suggest that what we’re reading about in the newspapers is impacting demand for what we’re selling.
Mark Almeida: I don’t think we’ve disclosed that in the past. We’ve talked about - if you think about that as kind of the nonrecurring portion of the ERS business or at least a substantial piece of it, you can look at it in those terms. I think we’ve talked about that.
Mark Almeida: Yes, that’s exactly right. I mean to be clear we’re not taking Implementation Services to zero. We’re just not - we’re planning to keep it flat in 2016. But as Ray observed, and he’s quite right, we don’t have complete control over that. A lot of that will be down to what the customers want and what we think is the right thing to do in order to drive growth in the licenses and subscription sides of business.
Mark Almeida: Yes. We have built in pricing assumptions for 2016 that support our outlook, so we are still able to factor in price. As I’ve said in the past, some of the price does relate to issuance volumes. So if we change bond fees, and bonds are not issued then changing the bond fee doesn’t really matter. So what we’re going to - what the mix is in terms of issuance and how that aligns with where we feel we are adding particular value and think that we can adjust pricing. So I would stick with our long term comment that we think we can get three to four points on average. And we’ll see this year based on volume.
Mark Almeida: Yes. For MA, well, we were - as reported, we were up 8% for the year, organic constant currency would have been almost 10%.
Mark Almeida: I don’t have them in front of me but they were about a 1000 each year. So we were down from those peak years and those were peak years, those were record years for new mandates. But the 770 compares quite favorably to years prior to 2013. So we’re sort of in a middle range at this point between the peak and the historical run rate.
Michel Madelain: Yes. I think clearly these markets have been, as you know, are subject to a fair amount of stress. And we’ve seen impact notably in Latin America post-Petrobras. And in Asia actually, we have - we continue to have a good pipeline of new mandates, coming out of China notably. Although, the region clearly is subject to some of the economic pressures that you’re very familiar with. Rise of emerging market, that’s really - the Gulf States and Middle East, and those are small businesses really.
Michel Madelain: Yes. Ray, Thank you. Typically, in M&A transaction we sometimes provide some rating assessment of the - designed to provide some indication of the impact of the transaction on the rating we have outstanding. Those are small and - the overall amount of fees and total fees, the total services are really small in relation to the overall revenue line. And they’re not really moving the dial basically from that perspective.
Michel Madelain: Yes. I mean, what I’d say is that really, when you think about investment grade, I mean the factors that Ray mentioned and you discussed earlier, which M&A, the economy are clearly the key drivers here. I think when you go to our heel [ph] then the impact of market sentiment and the overall - the spreads and the risk-on, risk-off sort of changes we see in, are probably much more impactful. And therefore, much more difficult - it’s much more difficult to predict the volumes that we should expect. And there the sort of idiosyncratic credit factors are playing a bigger role.
Michel Madelain: Yes, maybe, I think you are right in pointing to the fact that a number of metrics point to relatively high leverage in the system today for this entity. I think the - what’s we’re more focused on obviously are the sort of indicators of credit stress. We’re looking at liquidity, covenant protections and default - prediction of defaults. And then, what we see is a slight uptick, I mean, we’ve seen a lot of things getting movement [ph] in energy and mining space. And we have a slight uptick in the other sectors, but they remain - compared to historical standards well controlled. Now, in terms of the size of the debt, what we - to the extent these companies continue to operate these debts will end up - have to be refinanced. And that’s obviously a positive development. And as we’ve said before, we continue to build our portfolio of credits we have in CFG. And that’s also a positive for this line of business.
