Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I will then speak to recent regulatory and legal developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2013. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Fourth quarter revenue of $754 million increased 33% over the fourth quarter of 2011. We benefited from double-digit revenue growth in most lines of business, driven by robust Corporate finance ratings activity at Moody's Investor Service and continued strong growth across Moody's Analytics. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $494 million, a 25% increase from the fourth quarter of 2011, and included a nontax-deductible goodwill impairment charge of $12 million or an EPS impact of about $0.06 related to our training and certification business. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $260 million, a 51% increase from the prior year period. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $296 million, up 54% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $0.70 for the fourth quarter increased 63% from the prior year period. For full year 2012, Moody's revenue of $2.7 billion increased 20% from full year 2011. Revenue at Moody's Investor Service was $1.9 billion, an increase of 20% from last year. Moody's Analytics revenue of $844 million was 19% higher than the prior year period. Approximately half of Moody's Analytics' 2012 revenue growth was organic. Operating expenses for the full year 2012 were $1.7 billion, up 19% from 2011. Operating income of $1.1 billion increased 21% from $888 million in 2011. Full year 2012 adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion increased 22% from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share of $3.05 for 2012, which included a $0.06 legacy tax benefit in the third quarter, increased 22% from the prior year period. Excluding legacy tax benefits in both years, diluted earnings per share of $2.99 for the full year 2012 also grew 22% year-over-year. I'll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Raymond W. McDaniel: I think we're going to have to look at how the stock performs over a bit longer period of time. Our thinking had been to be fairly balanced in our share repurchase throughout the year, and we haven't made any different decision at this point.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I think the matter that I mentioned in our prepared remarks, as far as the Department of Justice's complaint, is -- really, all I can say is that we are not a party to that, and so we are not really able to comment because we don't have any information other than what is publicly available. I would add that we don't have any knowledge of any impending complaint by the Department of Justice raising similar claims against Moody's.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. I guess it's probably worth reminding everyone that in the financial institutions area, in particular, our business is more heavily weighted towards recurring revenue and annual pricing agreements. So we are not a susceptible leader, on the positive or negative side, to changes in issuance volumes. That being said, the indications -- any indications of repaying loans would be an indication of potential market stability and some improved economic activity, and we would have to look at that as a positive. At the same time, we do expect that deleveraging in the banking sector, particularly in Europe, is going to continue, and that's a positive.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, there are a couple that we have been named in. They've been around for a while. And as I at least touched on in the prepared remarks, we get inquiries from regulators and various other authorities, including the state attorneys general. We obviously cooperate with those inquiries, and we will continue to do so. So it's something that is ongoing, and we have been as responsive as we can be in trying to cooperate with the state AGs when they make information requests or have inquiries.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, as you know, there's a very high standard for fraud, that is, a higher standard than exists for some other potential claims that could be raised. But again, to the extent that these are information requests and inquiries, it's a matter of us making sure we get the proper information back to the authorities at the proper time.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, the settlement agreement itself is confidential. I -- the New York Attorney General did issue a press release summarizing the -- some of the terms back in 2008, and you might want to go back and look at that. We take that agreement very seriously and certainly believe that we are complying with that. And so, as for that matter, we think we have done everything that we have been asked to do in reaching the agreement with the AG.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Now I'd just add that the strength is really coming out of the U.S. market as opposed to the European markets. So we will be keeping an eye on the European side, in particular, to see whether there's going to be a pickup there in 2013.
Raymond W. McDaniel: We think that most of the thinking around this has been completed, and we had been engaged really over the last year or so in implementing compliance and transparency process changes that we think are going to be aligned with the final rules. So our expectation is that the communications that have come out of the SEC to date are going to be very consistent with the final rule making.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Yes, and I'll just add, Craig, that again, remember, it still does relate to volume of issuance. So if we have heavier issuance volume, the pricing that relates to transaction-based revenue, obviously, goes up; and if issuance is lighter, we're going to see less benefit from pricing.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Sure. Let me ask Michel Madelain if he would like to comment on this, particularly on the European side, since you raised that.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, as I said, we receive inquiries from authorities, including the attorneys general, from time to time. And so they may very well have information they would like us to make available. And if they do, of course we are going to be responsive to that.
Raymond W. McDaniel: No, no, there are inquiries, information requests in-house on an ongoing basis. And so we continue to make the information requested available, and we'll do so.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Well, I'll invite Mark Almeida to add any comments that he would like. But at a high level, I think as we communicated at Investor Day last year, we feel like we have filled out the need to have components of that business, and the business is positioned to grow nicely. That being said, if we do find opportunities for synergistic, complementary businesses at reasonable prices, where -- we would look at that. And Mark, I don't know if there's anything else you want to...
Raymond W. McDaniel: It's -- this is Ray. I would just add to that, that not only do we feel we have a strong expertise in the software development area, but the scope, the breadth and depth of the data that we have available is really, we think, unparalleled, and that is supportive of that business.
Raymond W. McDaniel: Thank you. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we'll be speaking with you again in April. Thanks.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Bill. It's Linda. Our intent was doing $500 million of share repurchase in 2013 would be the first cover dilution from employee issuance plans; and then, secondly, to hopefully have some reduction in the overall share count. Now that depends on a lot of things. It's a little tricky to model because, as you may have noticed, our share price has been a bit volatile of late. So at this point, we are modeling a slight reduction, but we're going to have to see how it goes. Very tricky model at this point.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Let me talk a little bit about issuance. And I'd like to first talk about investment grade, and then I'd like to talk about high yield. We've polled a couple of the banks going into this earnings call, and I think the general comment would be issuance so far in 2013 has been stronger than expected. January for U.S. high grade, we saw $112 billion of issuance. That was the fifth largest month on record. And the expected volumes for February, polling 3 different banks -- and again, we talked to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Citi and Morgan Stanley -- looking at an average of $67 billion for the U.S. for February. If you look at the last 7 years' average, that was about $61 billion. So that skews a little bit towards the higher end. For the first quarter, we're looking at an average of $262 billion of U.S. high-grade issuance. Again, compared to what we might see over the 7-year average, that was $234 billion. So again, first quarter in high grade is looking pretty healthy. What we're seeing so far in terms of use of proceeds is mixed. We're seeing some prefunding, some share repo, some pension funding, some M&A, some refinancing. So a bit of a mix across the use of proceeds scale. Overall, the banks are generally viewing that issuance will be down a bit, 2013 over 2012. We're seeing a range sort of ranging from flattish to down 10%-ish. We are modeling revenues down for high grade in sort of the highest -- high-ish single digits. We'd like to comment that every week, we've seen positive fund flows for high grade this year, total of $7.8 billion. So incoming fund flows into bond funds are good. Now turning to high yield, activity in January has been robust, and the quota is as good as it's ever been. $41 billion of high-grade -- excuse me, high-yield issuance in January, and volumes for February, about $23 billion of high-yield issuance. Again, we're seeing call it about 10% reduction in high-yield issuance in 2013 versus 2012. And on use of proceeds, basically the same things we've seen before: refinancing, repricing, M&A, dividends. Not a lot of event-driven deals yet, but we may see some move in that. And again, for high yields, we are modeling revenues down 2013 over 2012 in sort of the high single-digit range. Now we would note, again, fund flows into high yields, bond funds have been positive as well. So market trends are quite good. Use of proceeds, mixing it up a bit. And overall, the market looks pretty good for the first quarter. So I hope that answers everything you had, Bill.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Peter. It relates to our insurance accounting. And let's be very clear about what's going on here. Because of that insurance accounting, we were able to take a look at our most fulsome estimate of what's going on with the upcoming trial expenses, which will take place in 2013, and take that expense in 2012. So we have taken the provision in 2012 for the 2013 expenses. The amount that we think that comprises in the quarter-over-quarter view will be $21.5 million.
Linda S. Huber: Sure, Peter. I appreciate the questions about the business. The structured finance business had a very strong fourth quarter. We're seeing the strength, as we mentioned in the script, coming from CMBS issuance and also from CLO issuance, which has been very heavy. And we would expect both of those to continue. As we look at the breakdown in the structured finance business for the fourth quarter, a total of $102.9 million, which is the best number we've seen in quite some time. 27% came from ABS; 19% came from RMBS; 28% of that came from commercial real estate; and 25% from derivatives.
Linda S. Huber: Okay. $234.8 million for the quarter. 54% from research data and analytics; 34% from enterprise risk solutions; and 13% from professional services. And from a year ago, running a little bit heavier on enterprise risk solutions. Last year, it was 29% of Moody's Analytics' total, and this year 34%. I think that covers it all.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Incentive compensation for the fourth quarter was $60.1 million, which is up from $31.9 million in the same quarter last year. Obviously, we had an historically strong performance in the fourth quarter, so incentive compensation moved up. Profit sharing, which we cover in a different line, Craig, was also higher, as well, for the fourth quarter.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. We don't go into the line by line. I think we would say mid-single-digit price increases across-the-board. That comprises a variety of complexity: higher in some areas, lower in some areas. It's -- it really depends on the region, the product, the geography.
Linda S. Huber: And craig, as we said in the script, very high retention business -- rates in that business, high -- a mid-90s retention, which is great.
Linda S. Huber: Doug, this is Linda. I just wanted to comment we've got every quarter up quarter-over-quarter for the rating agency this year. We would take your point that the fourth quarter of 2012 was pretty strong. And so the fourth quarter may be a little bit softer than the fourth quarter of 2012. But every other quarter, we've got up for our rating agency revenue, if that helps you.
Linda S. Huber: Sure. Interest expense, Ed, looking at nonoperating expenses, it's pretty simple. The main thing will be we did our bond deal for $500 million back in August. We're carrying slightly higher expenses on borrowings for that. We were running about $16 million a quarter last year, Ed, for that. And this year, we're going to be running about $21 million, $22 million. And that's the main difference in that line, nothing much more exciting than that.
Linda S. Huber: And Manav, we continue to look at what we term tuck-in or bolt-on acquisitions of the sort of size we've been doing before. I don't think any of us are excited about anything transformative. So sort of the same kind of scales we've been looking at previously.
