Raymond McDaniel: Thanks, Liz. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's first quarter 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I'll then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with comments on Moody's outlook for 2010. After our prepared remarks we'd be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s results for the first quarter reflected strong corporate and financial institution debt issuance, particularly in the high-yield sector of the corporate market. Total revenue was $477 million, up 17% year-over-year, excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency translation revenue rose 14%. Operating income for the first quarter was $197 million, 32% above the prior year period with negligible impact from foreign currency translation. Excluding the restructuring charge in 2009 and minor adjustments to this charge in 2010 operating income increased 22%. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.47, an increase of 24% year-over-year. Excluding these restructuring items in both periods diluted EPS grew 15%. Our performance in the first quarter reflected the strength in corporate and financial institution issuance that I just noted, as well as improved stability in the markets and customers served by Moody’s Analytics. But, we also saw deeper than expected weakness in European structured finance. We are reaffirming our full year 2010 EPS guidance of $1.75 to $1.85, due to uncertainty that issuance levels later this year will continue to over come weakness some areas of structured finance. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. Peter, the only thing I would add to that is well, we do have flexibility in certain areas. There’s some other things that we have to do that in fact affect hiring. And so we are going to follow through with those hires, regardless of the environment. And that have to do with as we’ve talked about before compliance and certain kinds of personal additions for technology project that have to do with the regulatory environment that were going to be in both in Europe certainly and increasingly expected in the U.S.
Raymond McDaniel: What I can tell you at this point is first of all it’s going to be dependant on what any final language in reform bill or in proposed – currently proposed SEC rules turned out to be, so I can’t say with certainty what we would do to accommodate in different environment until we have more clarity around what that environment is? But that being said we are currently studding other industries that have different standards of liability than our just currently. We’re looking at how they manage their business prudently and safely. And we are looking at changes that maybe appropriate in terms of our interactions with users of ratings whether we even if we believe there is a market good to providing rating services for as many small and perhaps marginal issuers as possible whether that is prudent to do in a different environment, those kinds of things and those are just illustrations of broader range of potential actions.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, I don't think – I don’t think I am ready to talk about specific adjustment under just one side of the current congressional legislator proposals. We would have to see what finally comes out of the senate and then obviously most importantly what would be produced in conference between the house and the senate on credit rating agency of reform because the bill is currently do not line up in all respect.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, in terms of – I think right now, it looks like more of the same in terms of what we saw in the first quarter. We did see starting with structured finance, we did see a growth on the US side versus the prior year period, but that was offset by the weakness that we talked about in international structured finance, and that was particularly concentrated in Europe. And I think that probably is going to continue for some time. On the corporate side, as we remarked in our prepared comments, we expect that the first half of the year, speculative grade is going to be relatively stronger and then investment grade picking up the second half of the year versus spec grade. We had a very strong quarter for financial institutions and I would be surprised if we see that momentum continue throughout the rest of the year. And I would expect to see a relative stability in the public project and infrastructure line. On the Moody’s Analytics side, if you look at the seasonal pattern that we’ve had there in the past, you see that revenue has historically grown through the year and I don’t think there is anything we’re looking at that would contradict that at this point.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, to the extent that cost for operating in business wise, I think it is, it would not be unexpected to fix perhaps those cost of operations along.
Raymond McDaniel: Well. I can confirm that we were not expecting to see blew out at activity several months ago. But to answer most specifically, let me ask Michelle Madelain to make his comment.
Raymond McDaniel: And, just to add that, the – in a broader prospective, the improved liquidity profile in Europe is good for financial institution for corporate but it is having an effect on the securitization that was going on last year.
Raymond McDaniel: Yeah. The only thing, I can add to Linda’s comments Craig are that, if we are sensitive to the top line at this point in terms of the margin, and if we do not see the kind of top line growth that would have margins up in the 40s. We are one still facing some investment in the business that we need to make. And two, there is going to be an important element of why we are not seeing top-line growth if we are not. And is it because of technical factors and we want to continue to invest through that or is it because of some other more in doing changes and we would be more going to react to that. And we can’t tell you the answer to that at this point in a year.
Raymond McDaniel: I think the most I can tell you at this point Craig is, is that the guidance is the guidance and we’ve tried to give you some color around that. And hopefully we will have more clarity as we move through the second quarter.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I think it’s important that our guidance reflect our best estimates of what we’re going to do for the year, the central scenario. So, I hope as you remark that we prove to be conservative. But it is our best estimate.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, the – I think the principle issue is that, that we’re grappling with or that there is, there is a very strong and not surprising interest and making sure that NRSROs are all appropriately accountable. And so the idea of changing the liability language in legislation and regulation is really an effort to enhance the accountability of rating agencies. There are other ways to enhance accountability whether it’s through our fines or sanctions, probations on operating in certain parts of the ratings business if book [ph] product is not of sufficient quality as a there are number of things that can be handled through oversight, enhanced oversight with piece in the oversight. But I think would satisfy a greater sense of accountability and would allow the industry to operate in a way that’s going to be as constructive for credit markets as possible, so that’s really where we would urge law makers and regulators to focus and then we will see how that works out.
Raymond McDaniel: Whereas in terms of the original proposal that was put forth by the Obama administration, they did not recommend any change in the liability standard, which I think is important and undisclosed the fact that I don’t see this as our partisan issues so much as a credit market issue. So, I think the in some ways perhaps as you identify the risk is that we have very expensive financial reform legislation proposed and there are lot of people working to try to resolve some very significant issues and questions around that overall package, and having the attention on the issues that are important to us is part of the challenge that we have to overcome.
Raymond McDaniel: I think there is still a lot of debt that needs to be refinanced, you can see that over the next few years that they are remained significant of refinancing requirement, when that is refinanced, so is less certain and how much of it is pulled forward, again is uncertain. So the investment grade issuance I would characterize as perhaps less opportunistic than what we are seeing in the spec grade market right now and the very strong momentum in the spec grade. And I think that’s why in our estimation there is going to a reversal in the level of activity between the first half and second half investment grade to spec grade.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, I think it's – you might think of it as more normalized calendar of issuance in investment grade.
Raymond McDaniel: Also I want to say you know we adjust our options in Q1 so the heaviest issuance of shares for compensation purposes would be in Q1, you shouldn’t look for that level throughout the rest of the year.
Raymond McDaniel: The quick answer on issuers and investors use of rating that we have not seen any change, we continue to have an increase in the number of rated entities globally with new ratings request, when that is more the phenomena outside the US where market are less matured than it is inside the US. But we are seeing a net increase in the number of rated entities and in terms of the entities that we have rated historically we continue to do so, so no changes there. In terms of the California attorney general, I don’t think there was anything unusual in terms of the process that we undergoing with the California AG except perhaps that a press conference was called. The – we’ve been in steady communication with his staffs, I know our eternities have made sure that we produced thousands and thousands of documents as requested by the 8G and we’ll continue to corporate. And so we’ll make sure that that we’re doing what we need to be doing in terms of satisfying the request there and go from there.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Thank you. Before we end the call, I just want to announce that Moody’s will host its fourth annual investor day on Thursday June 10th in New York City. Attendance is by invitation only and event will be accessible to all investors by webcast. Further details would be provided on our investor relations website. So, thanks a lot for joining the call today and we look forward to seeing you in June. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Peter. You recall but, we have said that we’re expecting ramping our expenses throughout 2010. A pattern probably so much similar to what we saw last year but the causes would be different. Last’s year revenue if you remember, first half performance was chap and second half performance was strong. So, we had add compensation accruals in the second half of the year. This year, we expect the compensation accruals to be flattered and then at higher level because the business is doing well. But, as you know, we are looking at potential hiring increases in the single digit. So, it would reflect those potential increases. Now, we’re not exactly certain how those increases were lay out. We are looking at potentially, we’re deploying some people internally and we’ve got to see how our balances is out with new hires but that would be the main caused of the expense ramp for the back half of the year coupled with some increased IT expenses and compliance expenses as we move fairly implementation into the EU growth for example.
Linda Huber: We do. And, again, Ray may want to comment further on this, Peter. It certainly depends how many people we move and how many people we hire from the outside.
Linda Huber: If you are looking for pipeline view and revenue I think I might turn it and back over to Ray. On the expense side those as I said we are expecting gradual ramp over the year and expenses as I heard reply to a Peter's earlier question, let Ray take a shot at the revenue pipeline.
Linda Huber: Sure, Bill. For the first quarter incentive comp as about $21 million for the first quarter of 2010 and that compares to that $9.3 million last year. So obviously the stronger performance of the business and affect that we returned bonus targets to a 100%, if we hit this years business objective will running filler number there. That runs 11% of total compensation for the first quarter, which will be about on par for what we are expecting for the year, we are expecting incentive comp run 11 or 12% for the year. Our stock based compensation should run 7-8% for the year. And salaries and benefit should be the remainder on the compensation expense, which runs the mid 60 or 63 or 66% of total expenses.
Linda Huber: Michael, we were closely at pricing and I think we are pretty thoughtful about it, we do have complexity in our pricing schedules and I think we are looking to have modest rates of increase that provide value to both the issuers and to the investors using a rating those schedules usually go into affect with the beginning of the year and yes, you will see them over the course of the year. It’s not something now that you’re going to be able to call out given the increased volume that we’re seeing particularly in corporate and in high yield. It will just be a part of the mix.
Linda Huber: Michael if you take a look at the earnings release that we did this morning we’ve got a schedule in there that is consolidated adjust income, which we hoping out. The expense and borrowings on that schedule was $10.8 million. We’ve got a small income number and then unrecognized tax benefits and other tax so $3.5 million to the negative. What we probably unable to trace there we mentioned in our prepared remarks is the absence of the benefit that we had in 2009 that took that number to the positive by about $7.5 million, so basically you’re seeing as when there it’s the absence of the benefit that we had last year.
Linda Huber: I think we would – this number is a reasonable number though Michael this is the hardest number to forecast probably that we work with because that includes tax and OpEx. And I think something around that number is reasonable to look at for once in a while we do have a tax event as we did at this time last year, which is quite helpful to us but we can’t count on those.
Linda Huber: Well, Craig Huber we were just flipping to the page to get ready for your question. We do this as we always do we go through the rating agency first, the four components and then we will go through analytic and company as a total. I think the headline would be Craig that transaction revenue is up substantially because of high yield and loan issuance, so let me take a shot at this. For structured finance the first quarter of 2010 our transaction revenue was 41%, our relationship revenue was 59%. For corporate for CFG, transaction revenue was 71%, very strong showing as I mentioned and 29% relationship revenue. Financial Institutions were 43% transaction and 57% relationship and public project and infrastructure was 55% transaction and 45% relationship. So for the rating agency as a whole we are running 55% transaction and 45% relationship. It's pretty interesting both two reversal where we were at this time last year. Now for analytic we are running 8% transaction, 92% relationship and for the company as a whole – excuse me 41% transaction, 59% relationship given the strength in issuance.
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me look at CFG for you, Craig. I am looking at this for the first quarter totaled CFG revenue was about a $126 million which was the strong performance. Investment grade was about 20% of that, high yield was 27% of that number of that a $126 million number, very strong performance compared to the 7% at this time last year. Bank loans 14% of the CFG number, also very strong performance compared to last year’s 3% and other which is variety of things, medium term notes, which are commercial paper and so on, that was 39%.
Linda Huber: Let deal with structured finance, the total number was $71.5 million of revenue, asset backed was 33% of that, residential mortgage backed securities was 20%, commercial real estate class as we call it was 17% and derivative was 31% and structured encompass 21% of total Moody’s Investor Service revenue for this quarter. That pretty much everything you wanted Craig.
Linda Huber: I do, we set it off. First quarter, $76.3 million revenue for FIG, we have banking 69% of that which is starting, we were at this time last year. Insurance 24%, managed investments 7%, and FIG was 23% of total MIF revenue for this quarter, up from 21% last year. And since I manage to give it you, while I am doing it Greg, PPIF was $61.4 million, PFG and severance were 51%, municipal structured was 8% and project and infrastructure was 41%. All of those are running approximately where they were at the first quarter last year though the total number is up.
Linda Huber: Sure Craig, just to be clear year last year the difference in fourth quarter expenses versus first quarter expenses was about $40 million. And we are looking for similar ramp this year given all the component, so make sure you are able to model that and if we have revenue outside as well I stated before were more likely to have the margin exceed 40%. And also if we gain in better expenses we will now also be able to do a little bit better but we got to scale those two things depending on how the revenue is looking to come in. So we are going to continue to guide in that high 30s number but in some quarters where we are lucky enough that the margin goes about 40. But I would say that is the benefit of having a strong quarter and I will ask Ray to come and look further.
Linda Huber: I think we’re at look the plan throughout this year to see how the price goes in and so on. We committed to modest share repurchase and we are balancing that with slight reduction in our debt and paying our dividend which we increased by 5% in December. We are closed, we had that 1.1 million shares and we issued pretty more than that, so over the course of the year I would expect that we might catch up, but it depends where the parts several goes.
Linda Huber: Ed the interest expense number is the 13.3 and 10.8 it is expenses on borrowings and 3.5 to that is a check from small offset totaling about a $1 million. So, I’d guess you say yes most to that is interest expense.
