Rob Fauber: Yeah. Sure, Manav. Maybe a way to think about this is kind of what’s going on year-to-date and how do we think about what’s going to happen here to go, what’s implied in our outlook. And obviously, we are projecting full year issuance to be down mid-teens for 2022. Issuance was down 25% in Q1, so that implies a deceleration of issuance decline through the rest of the year, meaning that our year-to-go issuance will be down in the kind of, call it, kind of low teens versus 2021 year-to-go. And I would say, Manav, in arriving at that outlook, most of the downward adjustment relative to our prior outlook is in Q2, and Q3 and Q4 represent, I’d say, much more modest decreases versus our original outlook.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Manav, it’s Rob. I am going to start and then I might see if Mark wants to build on this. But if you think about just climate for a moment, there are really two core components, I think, to how we are thinking about commercializing around climate. The first is helping customers understand the physical risk relating to climate change and there we have some very substantial capabilities with RMS. And then second is around understanding carbon transition and understanding how companies are going to get to net zero, obviously, we have got an ESG component in this as well. And just to touch on just briefly in terms of the growth rate and then I will hand it to Mark. With RMS being a big part of this, obviously, we just acquired RMS recently. So we are just in the process of extending the product suite beyond our core insurance customer base. So I think you will see an acceleration of growth over time.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. And Manav, the last thing I’d say, I mentioned it on the prepared remarks, but we want to break this out, because we want the investor community. I have a sense of the scale that we have got across, not just ESG, but climate. Climate is a very, very important part of the E in ESG, and as you heard Mark described, we have a real product suite there that we are going to continue to build on. So we wanted to give some visibility to investors in that regard.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Alex, good to have you on the call. So as I said in the kind of year ago, we -- in Q2 we have adjusted the forecast for each of Q2, Q3 and Q4 off of our original outlook. It’s just that there’s a more significant downward adjustment in Q2 and so we think that conditions will, therefore, improve through the balance of the year. But maybe what would be helpful Alex is, there’s a question obviously from many on the call, are we being too aggressive or are we being too conservative, right? And so maybe to help you answer that, let me give you a little bit of our thinking in terms of what could provide some upside here and what could provide some downside. And I think the quickest resolution to some of this market volatility would be a resolution of what’s going on in Ukraine, and obviously, that’s significantly impacted the European markets. And we have seen a high yield market in Europe shut down for a long length of time and just recently opened. And that would allow these infrequent issuers who have been sitting on the sidelines to potentially come back to market. And now an interesting stat, in the U.S., issuance from infrequent issuers was down almost 50% in the first quarter of 2022 versus the prior year. That’s a big number. So a lot of companies were sitting out the volatility, and as you said, their balance sheets are in good shape. There are the impacts of interest rate hikes, and of course, we have got the maturity wall that you mentioned, and the real question is, are we going to start to see some pull-forward as issuers realize that rates are increasing. And we really haven’t seen that to any material extent in the first quarter, because I think the market volatility kind of overwhelmed those that wanted to potentially get into the market and pull-forward. Our leveraged loan expectation, you heard still down pretty significantly off of a record year, but we do have a healthy first-time mandate pipeline. And so actually, the first quarter of this year was our second strongest first quarter for first time mandates that we have had. But a lot of those issuers just haven’t come to market, again, because of the volatility. So we have got -- I would say, there’s kind of a backlog, and of course, we also haircut our M&A driven issuance assumptions as well. So those are the kinds of things that I think could provide a little bit of upside. In terms of headwinds, look, one thing that’s on everybody’s minds is depending what the Fed does, could we see the economy move into recession. We don’t see that from where we sit right now, but that’s a question mark. Second, and I have talked about this on the call is, another risk is just the market understanding, the actions of various central banks, and obviously, there’s been an enormous amount of stimulus put into the markets over the last several years. And so it’s when the market is surprised or doesn’t understand that you see real volatility in the markets and we saw that with the temper tantrum. You have seen a little bit of that in the first quarter and that then creates these open and close windows of issuance. I would also say that, just in thinking about kind of the bigger picture, of course, we have talked about a stagflation scenario would be something that would be negative, where we have got an increase in interest rates, but it’s not because of economic growth. And so, again, we don’t see that from where we sit today, but that’s something that we are keeping an eye on.
Rob Fauber: Andrew, it’s Rob. So to answer the first question, yes, and again, in line with some of the earlier commentary, we would expect most of that to be in the second quarter, most of that kind of downward adjustment. Your question -- your second question was about RMS growth. And I guess, I would say, just at a high level, we have expected RMS growth to accelerate through the balance of the year. And in fact, sales are performing as or even slightly better than we have expected. So from our perspective, RMS is performing kind of exactly as we have planned, and I guess, I would point out a couple of important things that are going on there. Obviously, we have got the corporate integration, but we have really been focused on aligning the sales teams. And I have mentioned in the past, we have had some very good dialogue with some of our mutual customers about things that we can do together. So we are seeing a lot of excitement from our customers and we have started now on some of the joint product development. And one interesting example maybe to highlight is around commercial mortgage-backed securities. We have mapped every property that’s got an outstanding loan in a CMBS security with RMS data, and that allows us to help our customers better understand the physical risk associated with their portfolios. And really we are now leveraging that in both our ratings and research in a way that I think is very differentiated. That’s taking that RMS capability and then being able to bring that to both our issuers and our investor customers. So, again, we believe that we are on track. We are feeling good about it. The integration and product development and sales execution is going at pace.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Ashish, so we frequently talk about on this call the impact of mix as it relates to issuance and this is one of those quarters where mix worked against us from a revenue growth standpoint. In this case, our transaction revenues were a little bit lower or that the decline was a little higher than the decline in issuance activity, obviously, in turn, our 20% down benefited from recurring revenue growth. But really what was going on here, Ashish, is the leveraged finance markets were pretty anemic in the first quarter and you heard me talk about the dearth of infrequent issuers. All of that stuff contributes then to an unfavorable mix for us in the first quarter.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Ashish, it’s -- Mark and I were having a conversation about this. And it’s interesting if you step back and compare our revised 2022 guidance to the last pre-pandemic year of 2019. And I think we all understand that 2020 and 2021 were pretty unusual years. But if you compare our 2022 guidance to 2019, the issuance will be up double digits and MIS revenues will be up in the high-teens percent range over 2019. Now if you annualize that, so I turn that into a CAGR, that’s something like low and that’s remarkably similar to both the periods [Technical Difficulty] pandemic. I look back at kind of 2000 [Technical Difficulty] revenue CAGR in the mid single-digit range, but it’s also very similar to our medium-term guidance. I talked about the things that we believe are still intact that support the medium-term guidance and on the last call, we talked about, hey, look, in the first year or two of this medium-term horizon, we expected the growth to be more muted, and in fact, I think, we are certainly seeing that. But for the reasons I described, we still feel good about the medium-term growth outlook for MIS.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Great question and the answer is, yeah, absolutely. When you think about it from our customer’s perspective, we have talked about this. They are just dealing with a wider range of more interconnected risks and having to figure out how to deal with all that and so increasingly, our customers are wanting to be able to kind of connect the dots. And so I think that the expansion of our capabilities and thinking about it from this concept of providing integrated perspectives on risk is adding -- is allowing us to do new logos, so new customer segments, customer types, as well as deepen our relationships with existing customers. So I will give you an example. We have been expanding into now serving social media companies that have e-commerce platforms who want to better understand who’s transacting on the platform. We have been now extending into serving new crypto and digital asset companies, same thing. We -- so there’s a great example of new customer segments that we are able to serve. But also you take our [Technical Difficulty]. I am thinking of -- we had an Asian bank that we serve and we helped them around stress testing, and they came to us and said, hey, can you help us measure and manage ESG and climate risk, because we are going to have to comply with regulatory stress tests that incorporate these factors? And the answer is absolutely, we can help you with that. And so that’s a great example of them being able to broaden and deepen the relationship with that customer. So, like I said, I think, you are going to see it two ways, new customer segments and expanding the relationship with existing customers.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. I guess, I would say, kind of our M&A program is not really kind of dictated by what’s going on in the issuance markets. We are very much focused on the product road maps that we have got in terms of what our customers want and need. In fact, you have actually seen us make an investment in the MIS business in the first quarter with our acquisition of GCR in Africa and that is a very long-term play for us. So we are going to keep investing in that franchise. It’s a great business. And on the MA side, we will be guided by customer needs and product road maps.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. I’d say just at a very high level. I mean it’s still a competitive job market. So, yes, there’s been a some form of kind of correction in the equity markets. But we are very focused on, I’d say, kind of broadly our employee value proposition. And compensation is a very important part of that, and Mark talked about the investments that we are making to make sure we have competitive compensation in the market. But there are a number of other things that that go into it as well and we are finding workplace flexibility is really important. And we have leaned into flexibility, we have done a great job over the last two years and so we are going to continue to do that. We think that that’s going to be a competitive advantage for us in terms of attracting talent.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Owen, good to hear from you. So we had very strong performance in MA really across the Board. And maybe I would highlight just a few things and this hopefully will give you a sense for the momentum that we have in the business. But the growth in Decision Solutions, there we had 20% organic constant dollar recurring revenue growth. So that’s when you think about organic recurring revenue growth ex the impact of FX and we are just seeing very strong demand for KYC and compliance solutions ongoing. And there, if you think about what’s happening with our customers, there’s an intense demand right now for tools that help with not only sanctions compliance, but just better understanding the risk of who you are connecting to, who you are doing business with. So, customers, of course, but also thinking about supply chain. And so we are really leaning into that. You heard that the usage stats are up significantly. That’s a very good kind of leading indicator. Owen, of when you see heavy usage, you can expect that you are deepening the value props, your customers are realizing the value proposition of your solutions that ultimately can lead into supporting pricing. It can support cross-sell and upsell at customers. Our sales activity is picking up. We had a need program where we were doing actually screening our customers’ portfolios for them. So that they can get a sense of what they might be missing in their own screening processes. So and on top of that, we made several investments last year. As you know, we made several acquisitions, but also we have been investing heavily in internal product development. And so with the PassFort workflow platform that we acquired, we have now been really working on integrating our content sets into that, working on rolling out some new products where our customer’s continue to need help in terms of efficiency and effectiveness and not only around KYC, but also around suppliers. So I could probably go on across the portfolio, but it gives you a sense, Owen, of very good performance in the quarter, but very good momentum as well.
Rob Fauber: Hey. Owen, just one thing. I ran the M&A department for a bunch of years here and you are right, the value of public assets has come down. But I will say that a lot of assets in our space, if you have got companies that don’t have leverage capital structures, they are in no hurry to sell, right? So it doesn’t always mean that it’s a more conducive M&A market when you see kind of a downturn in public market valuations.
Rob Fauber: Hey. Simon, it’s Rob. So maybe just to give you a sense of some of the data points and color that goes into how we thought about the outlook. Maybe that will be helpful for you and I could also maybe even touch on a little bit, just kind of kind of current market conditions. Obviously, we don’t have great visibility into the full year, but we do have some visibility into the current market. But, first of all, just from investment grade, obviously, we have got that down for the year. We have got it down 10% for the year versus down mid-20%s for Q1. But there, we think we will see some increased issuance to support opportunistic refi and M&A. So you had -- some of those issuers were just sitting on the sidelines. When you think about high yield and leveraged loans, there the decreases that we are seeing for the year are substantially greater. And even though we think there will be a little bit of improvement through the balance of the year, the broader market conditions, including the equity market volatility, wider spreads, continued uncertainty around resolution of Russia and Ukraine, all that impacts the leverage finance markets more than investment grade. When you see a lot of equity market volatility, that’s typically very challenging for leveraged finance markets. When we look at the kind of public and infrastructure area where we expect that to be down something like mid-single digits but year-to-go roughly flat, so some modest improvement baked in, there again, I think, kind of like what we expect with the investment grade issuers. We expect that those infrastructure issuers are going to return from sitting on the sidelines in the first quarter. I think we will see lower supply from sovereigns who have done a lot of kind of prefunding over the last couple of years combined with some rising funding costs. Let me just touch on structured for a second, too, because there we had a very strong first quarter, obviously. Our revenues were up 24% in structured finance. But you heard that we are actually looking for issuance to be down for the year. So what’s going on there? Well, one, you had some spread widening in some of these asset classes and concerns about rate increases. So there, we did -- we do think we saw some pull-forward of issuance that supported that really strong first quarter. CMBS, very strong and we expect that to continue for the year. But CLOs, you think about what’s going on CLOs, frequently tied to what’s going on in the leveraged loan market. So with leverage loans down meaningfully, there’s less, not only less leverage loan creation for new CLO formation, but with spreads widening, that will put a little bit of damper on refinancing activity. So that’s generally how we are thinking about the outlook. And then in terms of just the best visibility we have got is just kind of what the current market looks like. And I would say that, the markets are open for business. We would expect in investment grade, I would expect May to pick up off of April. April was a real mixed bag. There was more financial issuance than there was corporate. We had some blackouts and some of the corporates continued to sit out the volatility. There’s a lot of dry powder for M&A, but again, volatility will dictate how much of that comes to the market. High yield is pretty sluggish. As I mentioned earlier, the European high yield market has finally reopened after 11 weeks of no issuance. So we may see some M&A backlog there come to market. Leveraged loans are certainly stronger than high yield but off of a torrid pace. I mentioned we have got a good FTM backlog, first time mandate backlog. So, hopefully, some of that will come to market. And the last thing, I would say, Simon, is just looking at funds flows, we have seen five consecutive weeks of fund inflows in leveraged loans, while we have seen fund outflows for high yield almost through the balance of the year. So, hopefully, that gives you a sense of the data points that we are looking at in kind of building to our forecast.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Simon, it’s interesting. If you look all the way back to the global financial crisis, MA’s revenues proved to be pretty durable and resilient and I think that would be the case here if we have an economic downturn. When we talk about this stuff about it’s in times of uncertainty when customers need us most, that really is -- that’s true. You see that with MA and you are not going to see banks turning off their KYC vendors in running risk of regulatory noncompliance, because they are trying to cut costs. So I don’t want to be glib about it. But I would just say that the fundamental value proposition will remain intact during times of stress and uncertainty. I do believe that will be true.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Shlomo, hi. It’s Rob. So the first quarter GDP print was a quarter-over-quarter trend. So that was growth relative to the first -- to the fourth quarter of 2021. And obviously, in the fourth quarter of 2021, you had very strong GDP growth. It was almost about 7% and so I think we had expected some pullback in the first quarter, which happened. If you look at it on a year-over-year basis for the quarter, you actually had positive GDP growth, I think in the kind of the 3.5 percentage range, which is kind of still within the range that we are looking at for the balance of the year. There were some technical factors to that. But in general, I would say that, the key variable for us in terms of GDP growth is thinking about the geopolitical dynamics, policy response to it and there’s still a lot of uncertainty around it. But in general, we think our forecasts are in line with a number of other prognosticators.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So in a rising rate environment, like, we have got here, we would expect to see CFOs and treasurers start to look at pulling forward issuance to get ahead of those rate increases. I mentioned earlier that, we really didn’t see much of that in the first quarter and that’s because I think the market volatility kind of overwhelmed the desire to kind of pull-forward and be opportunistic in the market. It was just a very difficult market to access if you didn’t need to. So we have not built in substantial pull-forward into our forecast, which is why I mentioned it earlier, it’s a possible upside. You could imagine to market volatility comes down a bit. We could see some of this pull-forward activity.
Rob Fauber: Thanks, Faiza. It’s Rob. Welcome to the call. It’s great to have you on and I am going to let Mark take this one.
Rob Fauber: Well, I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Mark Kaye: And Manav, if I carry forward those remarks and thinking about adjusted diluted EPS, the lower MIS revenue results in the first three months of 2022 impacted the adjusted diluted EPS by approximately $0.80 versus the prior year period. And our latest full year 2022 outlook guidance for the $11 at the midpoint implies an average quarterly diluted EPS result of $2.70 for the remainder of the year and that includes an additional approximately $0.70 assumed adverse impact from issuance to the EPS results in the second quarter.
Mark Kaye: Yeah. And Manav, we also looked -- thought through several considerations in determining what was the appropriate classification of climate source revenue and then included utilizing the guidance provided by the SEC and their proposed rules for climate-related disclosures, which really reflects the impact of severe weather events, direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions and some of the climate-related targets and transition plans. And we also did a leveraging of the industry standard publications on the TCFD, et cetera, and so when you think about the combined ESG and climate. We really only captured the revenues associated with climate related perils like floods, hurricanes, typhoons, wildfires and agriculture. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, in April, we did launch our new platform, Moody’s ESG360 and that will enhance the way investors and asset managers across our ESG and climate portfolio are able to get insights and that’s really a very user-friendly platform that delivers sort of that comprehensive and decision useful data scores and assessments.
Mark Kaye: Alex, this is Mark. Just answering your question with respect to MIS, then I will give a little bit on MA. I wasn’t sure which segment you are referencing. But on the MIS side, we are looking for an increase in recurring revenue from obviously 2021’s mix to 2022. You could think about it almost as a two-third, one-third 3 is embedded within the outlook for the full year. On the MA side, you will see remarkable consistency really from the first quarter of 2022 through to the full year guidance that we are giving in terms of that mix between recurring and transactional revenue, again, as we develop for SaaS-based solutions, which we can discuss later on.
Mark Kaye: Sure, Toni. So, in the first quarter, the MIS adjusted operating margin was 58.6% and that was in line with what we saw in the pre-pandemic margin levels, if you think about 2018 or 2019 of around 58%. The contraction from the record prior year period was primarily driven by a decline in revenue attributable to volatility in the capital markets, which is really resulting from that heightened uncertainty given sort of the quarter’s geopolitical events. If we exclude some of the onetime expenses related to the Russia-Ukraine conflict in the quarter, which reflected personnel related costs and provision for bad debts, MIS expenses were actually been flat year-over-year. And that’s inclusive of the financial cost of attracting, retaining best-in-class analytical talent across the MIS lines of business, as well as strengthening -- we are taking actions to strengthen our relevance and support future growth. Certainly, the incentive compensation does act as a natural ballast or set to that. But we do continue to look for additional opportunity for operating efficiency in the business such that we can then reinvest that money back into our ratings processes.
Mark Kaye: Toni, absolutely. The answer is a little bit of both, but maybe let me broaden out your question a little bit and then I will get directly on to the CapEx part of the answer. So Moody’s has a very strong track record of free cash flow generation. Cumulatively between 2018 and 2021, our weighted average free cash flow to U.S. GAAP net in conversion -- net income conversion was over 100%. And this conversion rate holds based on our revised full year 2022 free cash flow guidance range, which at the midpoint of $1.9 billion implies approximately 100% conversion ratio. We have also revised our full year 2022 CapEx guidance to be within the range of $250 million to $300 million and that’s really to reflect a combination of a number of factors. And those include sort of the ongoing investment, especially around SaaS-based product development for both new and upgraded customer solutions, RMA integration activity, office enhancements related to our Workplace of the Future program and then really corporate IT asset purchases as we refresh our PC hardware and some of the associated peripherals. Maybe one last comment here, guidance for EPS and for cash flow at the midpoint does imply sort of a little bit of a disconnect and you are able to resolve that by accustom really the following two factors. Really free cash flow is expected to outpace the adjusted diluted EPS when you correct for the tax payments in 2021 associated with the potential U.S. corporate tax rate changes, which ultimately did not occur, as well as some of the changes associated with the non-U.S. tax settlement in the fourth quarter of last year.
Mark Kaye: George, we continue to carefully evaluate opportunities to invest for sustainable revenue growth, while balancing those investments against cost efficiency initiatives that really buttress or further expand our adjusted operating margin, and this is especially important in volatile market conditions. Given that we do view today’s prevailing market dynamics as cyclical, rather than structural in nature, we plan to invest through the cycle to support our medium-term growth ambitions. And these investments are going to be focused on customer enhancements, new products, go-to-market activities and really growth in our sales force. And collectively, they ensure execution of our strategic road maps in the high priority markets like KYC and compliance, ESG and climate, banking, insurance, for example. Our incentive compensation accruals, as we mentioned a moment ago, will flex based on the actual performance as compared to the financial targets that we set at the start of the year. So they do act as a natural expense leader. And we have also learned since the beginning of the pandemic that many business activities can be successfully performed remotely and while travel and entertainment costs will rise compared to the prior two years, we will prioritize some of the customer facing travel when needed. And then lastly, I’d like to add, we will look to continue to create incremental cost efficiencies through the utilization of lower cost locations and vendor management strategies, as well as further rationalization of our real estate footprint.
Mark Kaye: Yeah. We remain on track to spend approximately $150 million on our organic strategic investments in 2022, which like 2021 will be weighted towards the second half of the year. And those investments are really going to be focused on, again, increasing our sales force, our go-to-market initiatives, et cetera. We also as mentioned in the script, maintain our expectation for an additional $50 million of investment in our employees to attract and retain the best talent in order to achieve our growth aspirations, so that will not change. Our guidance for expenses over the full year assumes an increase in spending from the first quarter to the fourth quarter in the range of about $70 million to $90 million, and that’s because we anticipate steadily increasing organic investment activity through the cycle and that will be weighted towards the second half of the year. And within that ramp, you should expect the growth from the first quarter to the second quarter to be in the range of $30 million to $40 million and that’s going to be driven in part by the timing of our annual merit and promotional increases, which took place in April.
Mark Kaye: Craig, as we think through to the outlook for the year and then a little bit beyond, our central case does model continued GDP expansion in part over the year but also in part of the medium-term at a slightly higher level than what prevailed prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. And that’s really based on the GDP full cost that we use internally from Moody’s Analytics. So you could think about between 21 and 26 in average annual real GDP growth in the range of around 2.5% as we look out. On your question around interest rates, we have again applied sort of the insights from Moody’s Analytics database and we model out an increase in the 10-year rate from approximately 2% to 3% this year to around 4% by 2027 to answer your question.
Mark Kaye: And Owen, we do remain focused as a management team on prudent capital planning and allocation and we spoke about this several times. So just to reinforce, we do try to identify opportunities for organic and inorganic investments in the high growth markets first and then to the extent there are additional investment dollars, we will seek to return that capital to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.  And our M&A framework, as Rob mentioned earlier, is really structured in a manner such that we pursue the right investments to enhance the services we deliver to our customers and return capital to our stockholders. And then approach incorporates business and strategic plan development, among other factors such as market attractiveness, which you mentioned, as well as a competitive review. And that only enables us or allows us to pursue new deals where there’s a clear set of transaction core elements among, first, supporting and advancing our global integrated risk assessment strategy, second, reinforcement sort of the development of our standards based business, and then third is sort of leveraging our brand distribution and analytical capabilities to create more as a whole rather than distinct and separate elements.
Mark Kaye: And so part of the drivers there could really be the elevated cash balances that would temporarily constrain issuance. In the first quarter, just to put a couple of numbers around that, in terms of investment grade, we saw globally around 11% eligible investment grade issuers actually come to the market in the first quarter and that’s meaningfully below what we have seen over the last two years. But interestingly enough, of that 11% that came to the market, two-thirds of those had issued last year, so not so much opportunistic issuance but more for regular ongoing financing. Conversely, on the high yield fund, just 2% of eligible issuers issued in the first quarter, that’s meaningfully probably two or three standard deviations below what we have seen in other first quarters. But a third of those were repeat issuers from 2021, sort of emphasizing that point around opportunistic issuance that Rob was making.
Mark Kaye: Kevin, thanks for the question. So maybe if I just spend a minute on some of the financial characteristics of some of the new MA LOBs first, and then, I will get on to that specific question sort of about margin by LOB. Data and Information revenue for the first quarter was 100% reoccurring and that was up from approximately 99% recurring as of the year end 2021 and that’s with a customer retention rate of 95%. Research [Technical Difficulty], which is 100% organic, had revenue that was up 7% and a recurring revenue rate of 99% in 2021 and had increased 97%, which is up 1% from the year before. Decision Solutions recurring revenue was 87% of the total, with a 96% customer retention rate. Retention rates were up from 84% and 93%, respectively, compared to 2021. So a very strong sample set. If you look at the MA LOBs now from an operating leverage perspective, given that both Data and Information and Research and Insights are businesses with very high recurring revenue. You could naturally expect those two LOBs to have a stronger margin profile than MA overall. Decision Solutions, which includes RMS intuitively must then have a lower margin profile and that really results from the higher proportion of existing on-prem solutions and transaction-based services, as well as the relatively outsized incurrence of investment dollars in that LOB as we develop software and workflow tools to meet robust customer demand. And then over time, as we execute on our plans to achieve MA’s medium-term adjusted [Technical Difficulty] you could expect the majority of that both from improving operating leverage in Decision Solutions while the margin profiles of Data and Information and Research and Insights should be relatively stable.
Mark Kaye: Maybe the way I will approach this Kevin is, we alluded to this a little bit during Investor Day, but given the uncertainty around the duration and the severity of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, as well as what we know to be ongoing Central Bank actions to address inflationary concerns. Our central case assumption is really that the shortfall in first quarter revenue, which has resulted from the lower than expected issuance, which we have discussed, is unlikely to be recovered as the year progresses. And yes, we think this is a short-term cyclical headwinds and as we translate that then to MIS transaction revenue, we expect that to be balanced really between the first half and the second half of 2022, when historically, and I think this is the point that you are getting at on average, the second half has only contributed, let’s call it, 46%-ish of the year’s aggregate revenues. That’s sort of the big driver of the differential and that’s driven by several assumptions, some of which we spoke about in the call, including monetary policy, fiscal policy, where we think energy prices are going up. We have got to really make sure that we are observing sort of oil prices where they may stabilize and the implications there for any recessionary conditions in the second half of the year
Mark Kaye: For the full year 2022, we are reaffirming our MA adjusted operating margin guidance of approximately 29% and that includes around 150 basis points to 200 basis points of margin compression from recent acquisitions, primarily RMS, as well as foreign exchange translation. Our guidance implies that the margin on average for the remainder of the year will be 28% and that reflects the impact of our annual promotion and merit increase cycle, which commenced in April, as well as continued targeted organic investments to expand our best-in-class sales force and to focus on cross-selling opportunities across multiple product lines. Similar to 2021 seasonality, we would expect MA’s organic investments to steadily increase throughout the year and that’s going to be commensurate with our ongoing revenue growth and those investments to be primarily weighted towards the second half of the year. We have demonstrated, I think, our ability to grow MA’s organic constant currency recurring revenue over the past year from 9% to 10%. We are still projecting sort of that low double-digit growth in 2022 and these ongoing multiyear investments that that we are making will support the achievement of our targets. And finally, just to sort of close out this one, our path to our medium-term MA margin target of mid-30s, it’s not expected to be linear, especially as we continue to make opportunistic investments as time goes on.
Mark Kaye: It does not. If I think about sort of debt outstanding, you have got cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on the balance sheet as of the end of March of approximately $1.9 billion. The carrying value of debt as of the same date is around $7.8 billion. And if you take the net debt, which is 5.9 divided by sort of the trailing 12-month adjusted operating income of about $2.9 billion, we get a net debt to adjusted operating income ratio of about 2.0. We feel very comfortable with that ratio. It’s not in near sort of that BBB+ threshold that Fitch or S&P uses to evaluate Moody’s Corporation. So, hopefully, that sort of helps address your question.
