Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody’s second quarter 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights, and I will then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish our comments with our outlook for 2012. After our prepared remarks we will be happy to respond to your questions. Second quarter revenue was $641 million, increased 6% over the prior year period, reflecting solid growth in public finance and structured finance, as well as continued strong results for Moody’s Analytics. Expenses for the second quarter were $362 million, an 8% increase from the second quarter of 2011. Operating income for the second quarter was $279 million, a 3% increase from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share was $0.76 for the second quarter, decreased $0.06 from the prior year period which had included a $0.06 favorable tax impact related to a foreign tax ruling and a $0.03 legacy tax benefit. While market conditions remain volatile, we are reaffirming our 2012 EPS guidance range of $2.62 to $2.72, and still expect to be towards the upper end of the range. Turning to the year-to-date performance, revenue for the first six months of 2012 was $1.3 billion, a 9% increase from the first half of 2011. Expenses were $740 million, up 12%, and operating income of $548 million, increased 5% from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share of $1.52 for the first half of 2012, increased $0.03 from the prior year period, which again had included a $0.06 favorable tax impact related to a foreign tax ruling a $0.03 legacy tax benefit. Revenue of Moody’s Investors Service for the first six months of 2012 was $894 million, an increase of 5% from a year ago. Moody’s Analytics revenue of $394 million was 19% higher than the prior year period. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on or financial results and other updates.
Raymond McDaniel: On the ratings in regulation or reliance on ratings, there have been effort both in the U.S. under Dodd-Frank and as part of the some of the European proposals on discussions to reduce or eliminate the use of ratings in regulation. I think from prior calls you know that we are very sportive of that. But frankly the progress on that has not been particularly strong in my view. And there have been probably as many changes in use of ratings in regulation that would seek to increase the use of ratings as there are to decrease the use. So net-net, I don’t think there has been a lot of change. If nothing else, what we would argue for is at least to reduce the mechanistic use of ratings in regulation. So it reduces some of the [core] risk or pro-cyclicality that’s associated with this. And we do have some views on how that can be done. So as I said, we are supportive of the overall effort even if it has not made a lot of progress and we don’t see it having a negative impact on our business. And then with respect to liability, yes, we are playing close attention to the discussions in Europe around liability and obviously we will accommodate our business to make sure that we have the maximum protections we can have depending on what kind of liability regime the Europeans determine for our business. And there are -- again there are ways for us to mitigate those risks but we have to wait and see what the final conclusions are at these three party discussions that go on the fall.
Raymond McDaniel: I think there is a good chance that there will be. The question really is the degree and what we will do operationally to manage that risk back down.
Raymond McDaniel: No. I mean except to the extent that there are issues coming in domestic markets that might have previously not been issuers. That’s where we have to make sure we continue to provide coverage. But for both the existing issuer base and for most of the new issues that are coming to market we are providing, we continue to provide very comprehensive coverage.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, Europe was softer in the second quarter. And there were a number of lines that saw year-on-year quarterly decreases. But this was mitigated by the fact that we do have a large number of frequent issuer pricing agreements in Europe. And those provide a steadier base of revenue. What we are missing though is the growth opportunity in Europe that comes from issuance and that’s why we would look for whether market tone and sentiment improves in the second half or remains as volatile and choppy as it has been in the first half. Because that would bring more of the speculative grade credit to market and those are the credit that are less likely to be under frequent issuer pricing agreements and would increase our transaction based revenue. Also to the extent that there is a strengthening in market tone in Europe, I would expect that that’s going to be a good news for structured finance issuance, so we would have to keep a close eye on that. And that is transaction-based revenue for the most part.
Raymond McDaniel: It’s similar, or there are not market differences in profitability subject to cyclical upturns and downturns. And so we have a downturn in structured finance and an upturn in another area that obviously will be more profitable. But looking through those cycles, I wouldn’t identify any significant differences.
Raymond McDaniel: No, just to emphasize that I think part of the pattern that you are seeing, this difference in Q1 to Q2, is really explained by Q1 as much as it’s explained by Q2. Because we did have the higher incentive accruals in the first quarter based on the strength of the markets at that time.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure. We are expecting the international business outside of the EMEA to be relatively stronger than Europe or EMEA. And the concern will be the extent of any contagion from Europe and what that might do to business confidence and business expansion in other international markets. And, frankly, that’s a tough call to make. So we think that other international is going to perform reasonably well for the second half. It is smaller than our European business but it’s subject to at least some of the choppiness and volatility risk that we see in Europe. And I will ask Michel Madelain, if he has any additional comments he would like to make on that.
Raymond McDaniel: Okay. Before we end the call I just want to announce that Moody’s will host its Investor Day on Wednesday, September 12, in New York City. Attendance is by invitation only and the event will be webcast and further details will be provided on our investor relations website ir.moodys.com. Thanks to all for joining the call today and we look forward to seeing many of you in September.
Linda Huber: Sure Peter. Let me take the pipeline question first. And the information that I am quoting here is coming from Morgan Stanley. Let me talk first about....
Linda Huber: Sorry about that. Investment grade issuance first, Peter, and then high yield. Year-to-date investment grade volume here in the U.S. is $512 billion which is up 6% from 2011. First half volume, $469 billion, it’s the largest first half on record, 5% more than the first half of 2008 which is recent high, and more than the first half of 2011. The month-to-date volume has been $51 billion and close to the July 2010 record amount of $59 billion, we may have surpassed that. The last week has been okay and the pipeline looked reasonably good. Right now we have historically low interest rates. I just saw before coming up here the 10-year’s at 1.42, so we are sort of back to Eisenhower level long-term rates. So that is helpful to the pipeline. And high-yield year-to-date volume is $187 billion, that’s down 13% versus 2011. The first half volume is $152 billion which is down 25% from the first half of last year. Leverage loans year-to-date volume $136 billion, which is down 30% from 2011 year-to-date. And first half volume was $123 billion which is down 31% from the first half. Now high yield market is grinding tighter. We saw a little bit more activity recently. Bu the pipeline seems to be pretty well constrained right now looking at the $10 billion of visible high yield issuance in the pipeline and $13 billion in leverage loans in the pipeline. And again that’s one where you are going to see a little bit of movement depending on who you source for information. But generally again, high yield pipeline, limited investment grade pipeline, pretty strong. Now on cost costs, Peter, you are correct, we did move down from the first quarter to the second quarter. A couple of things going on there. The first quarter had some unusually high expenses in it. Our big comp quarter is the first quarter and the second quarter has some reductions in that. First quarter obviously was stronger so we had a higher incentive compensation amount and the second quarter was little bit more reasonable. And so that basically is the main driver of what's happened with the quarter-over-quarter expenses.
Linda Huber: Jen, it’s Linda. Let me talk about the back half of the year compared to the first half of the year. And let me start by saying that we don’t give quarterly guidance so you are going to have to do the math on some of it. On the revenue side, we expect that or revenue pattern will lay out approximately like it did this last year. With our revenue coming in with a balance towards the first half of the year with a little bit of weakening towards the second half of the year. So the split on that we are thinking is about 52% first half, 48% back half. So we do, at this point, expect revenue in the second half of the year to be a little bit lower. Now on the expense side, you are right, we had talked about $40 million ramp coming off our $377 million first quarter expense number. We did do better in the second quarter. We do expect $40 million expense ramp from $377 million as we get to the fourth quarter. And obviously that was would result in a tick-up in expenses in the third quarter and that will move up in the fourth quarter. Now the reason for that is we have more headcount coming on in the second half of the year. We also have raises that come into play in the back half of the year and some other expenditures that we have to make in terms of IT, particularly to get ready for Dodd-Frank compliance. Many of those are expensed items, so they are changes to existing systems which have to be expensed as opposed to building new systems which are of course capitalized. So, yes, we expect the continued expense ramp. We expect that revenue may weaken a bit and traditionally our pattern has been that the third quarter is the most challenged on the revenue side. So that might make for a little bit of a tougher situation in the third quarter. So that’s how we see it laying out at this point.
Linda Huber: That’s right. Now last year -- just interestingly, Craig, last year we had a different pattern. Last year we had in first quarter $29.4 million and ramping up to $35 million in the second quarter because of course second quarter was very strong last year. So as I said this year $27.5 million is flat, first quarter to second quarter.
Linda Huber: Sure. Of course we are looking to accrue incentive compensation based on how we view against our forecast. And in the first quarter we put up heavier incentive compensation view because we had a greater amount of completion. So in the second quarter that was a little bit lighter. We also had some other issues involving FX which were a little bit better for us in the second quarter. But generally, we are being careful with expenses. We are being careful with hiring. We are being very thoughtful about how we are managing the business and with the market outlook being as choppy as it is, we have to be very thoughtful about what we are doing and how we are doing it. So I think those would be the main drivers. And I would ask Ray if he had any further comments he would like to make about that.
Linda Huber: Sure. The corporate, Craig, we will do as usual, transaction first and relationship second. For CFG, we are running 70:30 transaction relationship, structured is 57:43, FIG is 35:65, and PPIF is 62:38. Total for the rating agency is 60:40. MA is reverse, 20% transaction revenue and 80% relationship. Total for MCO is 47% transaction and 53% relationship.
Linda Huber: Sure. Starting with corporate finance, Craig. The total number of corporate finance dollar amounts for the second quarter is $191.5 million. Investment grade made up 22% of that revenue in the second quarter. High-yield made up 17% of the revenue. Bank loans 18%, and other accounts 43%. Going on to FIG revenues, total amount of 77.8, again FIG is pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. Banking 67% of the revenue, insurance 27%, and managed investments 7%. Going on to PPIF, the total number was $81.2 million, and 54% of that came from public finance and sovereigns. Again that was an increase than what we usually see. Munis at 6%, projects and infrastructure at 40%, and again $81.2 million was the total. And then I think we missed structured. Total number of $90.7 million. Asset backed securities 32% of that. Residential mortgage backed securities 24%, commercial real estate 20%, and derivative 24%.
