Robert Fauber: Good to have you on the call. I'm going to start kind of big picture with RMS because I think that will be useful to everybody on the call, and then we'll get Mark to drill down into some of the numbers. And I want to say that while we've owned RMS for less than 45 days, I think we're very excited about the prospects of what we can do together. And one thing that we found is that RMS, the combination of RMS and Moody's has made us a very important vendor to the largest insurance companies in the world. And that's leading to some really good dialogues and opening up some new opportunities for us. And we've got a plan to integrate RMS that's really focused around 4 key pillars. First is go-to-market strategies really in our insurance business, including cross-sell. Second is a road map for integrating RMS' capabilities across Moody's. And that very importantly includes climate as well as cyber and commercial real estate, to name a few. We've got some opportunities to sync and combine our tech stacks and road maps and then, of course, corporate integration. But to give you a sense of the cross-selling opportunity, in the core insurance space, less than 10% of our combined total insurance customers are currently served by both Moody's and RMS. So there's a lot we think we can do there. Let me give you a couple of examples, Manav, of where we see some relatively low-hanging fruit in terms of cross-selling and product integration in the insurance space. RMS has got something called LifeRisks and that focuses on a mortality and longevity solution. And we think we're going to be able to integrate that into our life insurance actuarial modeling platform and sell that to our life insurance customers. And think about RMS, they essentially had 0 sales effort into life insurance. So that's going to be a great opportunity for us to take that to several hundred life insurers. Another place is in our asset and capital modeling solution that's available for life insurers and integrating that into RMS' Risk Intelligence platform serving P&C companies. So there are a number of other things that we've identified but that gives you a flavor for it. And then we're looking at leveraging RMS' capabilities to serve new customer segments in new ways. And that was really a lot of what we talked about on the investor call when we announced the transaction. And for instance, helping financial institutions and corporates to start to assess the potential impacts of climate change and weather risks across their portfolios and their facilities, certainly with governments. And I'm sure on this call, we will talk more about the infrastructure and Build Back Better bills. There's going to be an enormous amount of investment into building climate resilience, and so we think RMS is really going to position us well to help organizations with that. So in some ways, one of our biggest challenges is really just kind of properly prioritizing all the opportunities and get the teams focused on the things that are going to deliver the biggest bang for the buck. So we're off to a good start, much more to be done, and of course, we'll keep you posted.
Robert Fauber: Alex, and I understand congratulations may be in order that you may have a new member of the family, so that's super. And we appreciate you still dialing into the call.
Robert Fauber: I was actually looking back at the transcript from last year's third quarter call. I knew I was going to get this question. And I realize I'm probably going to sound a little bit like a broken record. So let me just give you some insight into how we're thinking about it. And you're right, Alex, we're not ready to give an official guide on our 2022 issuance outlook. We'll do that on the next call. But I think fundamentally, while the conditions are very, very conducive to issuance right now, and you noted it in your question, we have to take into account the very robust issuance environment we've had over the last, now, 2 years. And kind of like I said last year, from where we're sitting just right now, it feels like there are a little bit more headwinds than tailwinds going into 2022, and I'll give you a sense of both of those. So in terms of tailwinds, certainly, we've got a rebound in economic activity. We've always said that, that is good for our business. And assumption, our assumption is that inflation will, in fact, be transitory. And we've got a, we assume there's going to be a continuation of the very strong pace of M&A that's going on right now. And I think that's going to be particularly true in the case of sponsor-driven LBO activity. We've got private equity funds that just have huge amounts of money to deploy. We've got an assumption there's going to be a continued low rate and low default environment. And the low default environment is important because that's going to be supportive of tight spreads. So even as rates start to move up a little bit, we think that all-in financing rates will be historically attractive. And then I guess I would also add that we're going to see a continued uptick in sustainability-focused financing. That's going to grow dramatically next year, although that may be a little bit more of an issue of mix than volume. Now in terms of headwinds, it really does start with just the comps. And obviously, last year, it was investment-grade. This year, it is leveraged loans. So the outlook for leveraged loans, the sustainability of issuance in leveraged loans and in turn CLOs is going to be very important, I think, ultimately to our outlook. And like I said, there are some very good drivers for leveraged loan volumes to continue, M&A, gradually rising rate environment. Mark noted, we expect issuance to be up over 100% versus last year. And so like investment-grade last year, that's just, it is a hard act to follow. And the question is, will there be a period of market digestion after all of this issuance? I would also say, Alex, in general, issuers have got pretty healthy balance sheets and liquidity so they can be a bit patient. There's been lots of refinancing over the last few years. So issuers are in good shape around maturities. And I hope this is one of the last times I say this, but COVID is still a bit of a wildcard. It can be. And the last thing I'd say, Alex, and I acknowledge you noted this in your question, so that gives you a sense of how we're thinking about the quarters ahead. But as we think about the years ahead, that's why we wanted to highlight the 4-year forward maturities. They've grown at a rate of about 9% versus last year. So all of that is going to give us a very good underpinning for medium-term issuance, we think.
Robert Fauber: And Mark, let me just build on that too. Alex, you think about where do we think we have source of competitive advantage, you're right, it's a crowded field. I'll give you one example. We've developed what we call an ESG Score Predictor that's got scores on 140 million companies. Nobody else has that kind of coverage and we're leveraging that Orbis database that we have. We've got over 100 sales opportunity in the pipeline right now for organizations who want to be able to understand the ESG profile of tens of thousands of suppliers, for instance. So there's one example. Second, climate. With the addition of RMS, and we are just in the process of figuring out how we're really going to leverage that, we think we probably have some of the best climate modeling capabilities anywhere on the planet. And there's going to be a lot of demand for that. So in addition to kind of what we already had across the company and now layering in RMS and all of their capabilities, we think we're really going to be able to compete and win in the climate space.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Great question, Ashish. So let me just start with KYC and financial crime compliance. As you can see, we're continuing to have very robust demand. We've got 26% constant dollar organic revenue growth in the third quarter. We feel very good about that. And we've got these foundational data assets with Orbis, 400 million companies, 1.5 billion total ownership links and then our GRID database with more than 14 million profiles. So that is a really comprehensive offering. And we've talked about the multiple use cases that are driving demand for all of this. And it goes back to what Mark just said. Organizations want to understand who they're doing business with, what are the risks of doing business with them and how can they make better and faster decisions to deliver immediate operational returns? And it's going beyond regulatory requirements and it's going beyond banks. And so to give you a sense of that, we're hearing from customers that they can do screens up to 5x faster with up to a 70% reduction in false positives using our tools. That's an anecdotal feedback we get from our customers. That's really important to them. And to give you a sense, Ashish, of the kind of scale of operations in our KYC business, we're now processing more than 700 million screens a day. So we're now building on this position. We've confirmed at least 10, what we call, innovation partners, which represent a range of well-known financial institutions, technology companies and corporates who we are now working with to co-create and shape industry-leading solutions. And those partners represent not only obviously attractive commercial opportunities but they give us really unique insights into industry trends and customer needs. And as part of all that, we're progressing on new product opportunities, things like KYC scores and networks, which I think you'll see some of that coming to market in 2022. Across the globe, we have recently expanded our sales team that's focused on KYC and financial crime compliance. And we really are continuing to refine our value proposition and expand our reach. So we feel very good. We're going to keep investing organically. We're going to keep investing inorganically to make sure we've got a leading position in what is a very attractive market. And then to touch on the last part of your question, how is ESG integrating. You think about, we call it know your customer. But increasingly, this is know your counterparty, know your customer, know your supplier. And as I said, it's going beyond, I need to understand whether they're on a sanctions list, so I now want to understand, are they on a sanctions list? Is there reputational risk? Does this company have the same kind of ESG profile that I want to do business with? Is my data secure with them? And so we're seeing, as part of this know your counterparty space, a desire from customers to start integrating more and more content to give them a more 360-degree view of who they're connecting to. And ESG is a part of that.
Robert Fauber: Sure. So I think everybody on the call knows, we're committed to our investment in CCXI. We have a 30% stake. It's the leading domestic rating agency. I know that the market has opened up to a number of financial services companies. But we'll see how successful those companies are relative to Chinese incumbents. What we do know is the Chinese want to attract more foreign investment into their domestic bond markets. And they need more transparency and more global comparability. That's what international investors want. So let me give you, Ashish, 2 ways that we are delivering what we think international investors want in order to facilitate investment into China's bond markets. The first is, we're about to launch something called China CreditView. We expect to launch it in November. And we think that's going to really address some critical needs across 4 areas. First of all, it's going to provide very wide coverage. So the platform is going to cover the top 1,000-plus Chinese corporates. And it will have global comparability. That's something else that's very important, standardized financials, credit metrics and model implied ratings on a global scale because that then allows for pure comparison globally, which is very important across both MIS-rated and kind of model-rated firms. It's going to provide transparency and some in-depth analysis with financial statement quality scores and interactive scorecards. So that's going to be very helpful to international investors. The second thing I would say is, given the credit stress and some of the regulatory actions across a range of Chinese sectors, I'd say that the demand for high-quality insights into China's credit market has probably never been higher. And to give you a sense, by year-end, our event activity covering Greater China will be up over 20% from last year. We'll have done 160 events. And we're increasingly really working under a One Moody's banner. A great example of that is our Moody's ESG China series. We're innovating in terms of our local delivery there. We're active on WeChat. We've got a special China channel. So a lot we're doing to drive engagement. We're even, I would kind of call it, bringing the world to China. We're including live Chinese translations into our global programs. And also to give you a sense of the activity levels, there's a lot of analytical and commercial engagements between our analysts and our commercial teams with issuers and prospective issuers, over 1,000 analytical meetings and thousands of commercial meetings. And then we've done a number of events with Chinese intermediates. So we feel like we've got some very good initiatives focused on the China market opportunity that are responsive to what the market wants and needs.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Toni, that's right. We have a flagship product called CreditView for fixed income investors. This is a, I would say, a special China-focused module of that with a broad coverage on Chinese corporates, as I just talked about. So yes, it would be a subscription-based model targeted primarily at our core international investor customer segment.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Toni, I'll start and then Mark is probably going to want to chime in as we think about investment. But let me start with RD&A because I think that's where your question started. Yes, we've got some very strong organic growth coming out of that. You're right. There's a number of things that are included in that segment. The KYC, obviously, I talked about that at some length. But let me also talk about what else is driving growth there, and that's our research and data feeds. We've got very strong retention, something like 96% in the third quarter of '21. And that growth is supported by deepening our penetration at existing customers and adding new logos. And we're making, and I was talking, Toni, about our flagship CreditView research platform. We're making some significant investments and enhancements to be able to support our value proposition and obviously our pricing opportunity over the coming years. So to give you a little bit of a flavor for that, we're now going to be aggregating insights and analytics that we've developed across all of Moody's so that our customers can access, you hear this term, integrated risk capabilities in one place. We're going to be upgrading and delivering more of a true digital experience that is going to enable our RD&A users to consume, really CreditView users, to consume content where, when and how they want it. And I think very importantly, we're going to be servicing the entire breadth of the ESG and climate content across Moody's to be able to integrate, enable integrated risk assessment on credit risk and dual materiality. So there's some very good investments there. Then maybe the last thing, I'll hand it to Mark is, and you're right, there are a number of great places for us to be investing across MA. We've got the bubble chart that shows you. You've got a number of businesses doing more than $100 million in revenue. So I would go back to, KYC is a very attractive place for us to invest given the growth characteristics and our position and then things like banking and insurance within ERS, CRE and then climate and ESG.
Robert Fauber: Kevin, it's Rob. Let me take a crack at this. I guess the first thing that comes to mind here is just, when we're talking about 2007, if we went back and looked at the size of the RMBS market, that's going to be a very big piece of that, that just has not come back to anything like what it looked like pre-global financial crisis. And we get asked from time to time, do we think it will and there have been some proposals around the GSEs and other things. But the reality is, it just doesn't seem like something that's probably in the near to medium term. So it's hard to replace that amount of issuance in the overall structured market. That said, if we kind of just look out right now today, we see, especially in the U.S., pretty vibrant markets for structured finance across all asset classes. Obviously, CLOs is, you saw our guidance, up 100%. But ABS, very tight spreads in that market, improving consumer confidence. You've got CMBS, which has been surprisingly resilient coming out of the pandemic and of course, CLOs. So I think we're going to see good growth in structured finance, but I don't think it's going to resume the same kind of absolute size that we had pre-financial crisis anytime soon.
Robert Fauber: And Kevin, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we're going to be thinking hard about how Moody's and RMS together can play an important role in addressing climate resilience, obviously, enormous investments being made. The Biden plan, I think we've got more visibility on that today. So that will be something we'll be very focused on.
Robert Fauber: Yes. Let me give you an example. So for instance, in commercial real estate, obviously, we made an acquisition at the beginning of the year, Catylist, to build out our coverage. We also have been investing organically and that's coming out of that investment fund. And really, there's 2 products in particular. At the end of the third quarter, we launched our CreditLens for commercial real estate product. That's targeted at CRE lenders. Those are our core customers. And that product delivers a more digitized and automated and connected approach that's going to reduce underwriting time for our customers. And we're building out a sales pipeline and we're excited about that. We're also scheduled to launch our portfolio construction and monitoring product for CRE investors this coming month. And similarly, we're out speaking with prospective customers there. That gives you an example of the kind of thing that we're doing out of that investment fund.
Robert Fauber: Trevor, welcome to the call. So I probably don't need to say that cyberattacks are growing in frequency and severity. They're affecting a much broader range of industries. And as I think we all understand, it's not just data breaches anymore. This is about, also about the physical security of infrastructure. And we had done some interesting work in RMS. We had looked at the sectors that we consider to be medium high or high cyber risk. 13 sectors, total rated debt of more than $20 trillion. So the numbers here are big. And I guess what I'd say is, it's a growing problem, material implications, but the real issue is it's very opaque. There is little ability of financial markets to be able to quantify cyber risk. And this is a critical area of concern with virtually every customer that I meet with. It's probably not surprising. So we think that our investment in BitSight has established the standard at scale in cybersecurity ratings and risk assessment in a way that's, frankly, seriously needed and hasn't been done before. So think of this as they've got an outside-in approach. That's essentially what a company looks like to the Internet and then they translate that to something that looks kind of like a FICO score. And then in the transaction, we combined our joint venture that had our inside-out approach. And that's working with management and doing a more in-depth analysis, similar to what you might think of with a credit rating. So together, BitSight's got the most comprehensive cyber risk assessment capability in the market, and we think it's going to be uniquely well positioned to help quantify the financial exposure to cyber risk. And there are a few things that really attracted us to BitSight. They've got first-mover advantage in the space. They were the first to do this. They have a scalable, high-growth model. They've got over 2,000 customers that use their insights for a wide range of use cases. So this will give you a sense. I mean, it's everything from insurance companies that are underwriting cyber insurance and want better visibility into the risk of what they're underwriting, corporates who've got and managing supply chain and vendors, corporates who are doing own security assessment and benchmarking, M&A due diligence, national cybersecurity and the list goes on. And what we're seeing, Trevor, is increasing demand for our customers to help them be able to get their arms around this and to integrate that into a variety of workflows. So think about KYC, it was interesting. I was just talking with my team the other day. They came back from a big compliance conference. And one of the big themes was ransomware and cyber is now financial crime. And so I think we're going to see an increasing interest and a convergence around this, where you've got companies who are going to want to be able, back to this idea of know your counterparty, know your partner, know your, they're going to want to have more visibility into the cyber risk of who they're doing business with. So there are a range of things that we have identified where we're going to work with them to integrate their data sets and insights into a range of risk assessment workflows. So we're excited about it.
Robert Fauber: Yes. That's exactly right, Craig. So you think about RMS for 30 years has been supporting the insurance industry in underwriting weather risk, call it climate risk, weather risk, right, among other kinds of risk as well. They've obviously developed models beyond extreme weather events. But I think what we're all realizing is that weather risk and the physical risks related to climate change are no longer just the insurance industry's problem. In fact, the insurance industry is going to be very thoughtful about what they insure on an ongoing basis, right? So you can imagine you're a bank, you've underwritten a 10-year loan and during the life of that loan, an insurance company decides they're no longer going to insure the collateral because they're concerned about the climate risk. And all of a sudden, the bank then inherits the climate risk. You've got, I think, a broad understanding now of the impact of weather. There's a whole range of knock-on impacts. I'll give you an interesting data point, Craig. Over the last 30 years, there have been something like $400 billion of insured losses related to weather events, but there have been something like $1.3 trillion of uninsured, right? So this is flowing through organizations' P&Ls, business interruptions, supply chain disruptions, changes to consumer, all those kinds of things that companies have been effectively retaining that risk. And I think organizations around the world are waking up to realize they want to get much smarter about that risk, especially given concerns about climate change. The other thing I would say, Craig, is and we can touch on what's going on with the infrastructure and Build Back Better bills, there is going to be a lot of investment in climate resilience, right? So this is trying to understand, let's say, you're a municipality. You want to understand what is the impact of climate change on your municipality? And what kind of investments should you be making in risk mitigation, adaptation and building climate resilience? And there are going to be trillions of dollars over the next several decades going into thinking about not just carbon transition but also address building climate resilience. And that is where we think the RMS models, combined with our expertise from Four Twenty Seven and other things, we think they are going to be very relevant in helping governments, corporations, financial institutions be able to start to much better zero in on those kinds of risks and think about how it will inform investments.
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'd say, Craig, near term, the bank loan outlook looks good for the reasons that you cite. You've got lots of dry powder from the sponsors. You've got low default rates and low forecasted default rates and very tight spreads, low benchmark rates, lots of M&A activity going on, so the outlook for leveraged loans looks good. I think the only question on our mind is really when the dust settles on the year, like we said, volumes are going to be up something like 100%. And the question is, will there be a period of digestion like we saw with investment-grade this past year? Or are we going to see some of these underlying drivers continue to allow the loan market to grow off of these record levels? I don't have an answer for that yet, but we will give you a view on the next call.
Robert Fauber: Yes. I'd say a few things. Like probably almost every company in the United States, we're seeing the same pressures that's led to a little bit of an uptick in our turnover on a historical basis, but we've also picked up our pace of hiring. So I guess what I would say is that, yes, we all hear about some of the compensation issues, but we're also really trying to focus in on the other things that really attract and retain people at a company. And I think that has really evolved over the last, even just since the pandemic. I mean, we see young people but I think all of our people, they want to work at a company that has a purpose and where they feel connected to the mission. And I can assure you that our people are very purpose and mission-driven at Moody's. We're doing some exciting things around combating financial crime and addressing and helping the world address climate change and all the things that we're doing, and the rating agency that plays such an important role. But then you've also got workplace flexibility. And that is going to be a very important factor in terms of retaining talent, not just about what am I getting paid but where am I going to work? And I can say that we've adopted a pretty flexible approach. I think most of our employees will be in a hybrid mode. We've given lots of flexibility. And frankly, our employees have earned it. They've done a super job over the last 2 years of working remotely. And I think we're really excited to empower our employees to take advantage of that kind of flexibility. And we see that as an opportunity to really, a possible competitive advantage in terms of attracting talent going forward.
Robert Fauber: Okay. So before we wrap it up, just an advertisement that Moody's will be hosting our next Investor Day on March 10, 2022 in New York City. It's going to be a great opportunity to learn more about our business, and we hope to have many of you attend that in one way or another. So with that, thank you for joining today's call. We look forward to speaking with you again in the new year. Take care.
Mark Kaye: Then Manav, as we think about the outlook, RMS' implicit impact to the full year 2021 adjusted margins and adjusted EPS was slightly larger than we previously forecast back in August, really due to 3 primary, I think about them as nonrecurring items. The first was increased transaction-related expenses of around $22 million. Second was a higher expected deferred revenue haircut in 2021 of $18 million. And then the third one would be the $13 million loss on the British pound purchase price hedge. If I take those three factors together with the underlying operating performance expected in 2021, we're looking at roughly a $0.29 dilutive impact to our full year EPS outlook. So if you put that in perspective, that will give you an idea of what needs to be adjusted out if you choose to from your models.
Mark Kaye: Yes, Manav, maybe I'll spend just a couple of minutes to give a little bit more detail on the MIS margin. So we are guiding to a full year 2021 MIS adjusted operating margin outlook of approximately 62%. And that really means if you back into the fourth quarter of the year ago margin, we're looking at roughly 54.5%. And that would be up around a little bit over 600 basis points from the 2020 fourth quarter margin of that 48%. Of that approximately 600 basis points, you could think about almost 400 basis points is coming from underlying business performance. Think about ongoing favorable rate environment and need for continued M&A financing, et cetera, but also around, let's call it, 250 basis points from the nonrecurrence of some of those expenses that we saw in the fourth quarter last year, like severance. I also wanted to point out one item here that we are assuming historical fourth quarter issuance seasonality trends, which will imply a lower absolute fourth quarter MIS revenue result versus earlier quarters. So specifically in line with 2017 to 2020 quarterly seasonality, we're assuming 1/5 of 2021's full year MIS revenue in the last quarter of the year.
Mark Kaye: Alex, thanks very much for the question here. Let me go ahead and maybe do a little bit of a holistic perspective, and I'll dive right in to specific areas that we're having success and sort of where our competitive advantage is here. Overall, the market itself is really coalescing around what we think of as 2 really important ESG themes. The first is really consistency, and that's really the need for more commonization and standardization. And the second is really around integration, right? The integration of ESG, climate and sustainability data, tools, analytics into our financial and risk workflows and products and services. And these two themes that could lead you to think about ESG as having a broader and deeper understanding of the important characteristics of who you're investing with or who you're lending to or who you're working with. And with that, let me highlight sort of those 3 customer examples to a part of your question. The first is in the CRE space where our customers want on-demand scoring capabilities to screen properties globally. And they want sustainability considerations to be integrated into that screening. And so we've developed a solution that provides those forward-looking risk assessments, property exposures to floods, hurricanes, wildfires and other climate hazards over time. And that's incredibly valuable and we're gaining significant traction there with our clients. A second example we can think about is banks and insurance companies. They're looking for climate data really to be integrated into economic scenario modeling and stress testing to really help them meet regulatory and other requirements. They also need it integrated into how they're assessing risk across their wholesale banking credit portfolios. And so we are doing that. We're helping to integrate those climate and ESG factors into our model. And that's, again, enhancing our competitive value proposition, including our lending software and other risk solutions that we provide to those financial institutions. And then maybe third, as a third example, customers ultimately want to integrate data sets. They really want to commingle their data with ours. And to enable that, we've made our data available on our new DataHub platform for customers to access our data alongside their own in-house data and then to work with that data using some of the advanced data science tools.
Mark Kaye: Toni, if I were to just add a couple of numbers around that. For the full year 2021, we're looking to invest approximately $110 million. And just to give you a feel because this obviously ties back with the expense calendarization by quarter, we spent approximately $30 million in the third quarter and we're looking at somewhere between $45 million and $50 million in the fourth quarter. And a significant portion of those strategic investments, as Rob said, would be allocated to our KYC, CRE, ESG and climate. Maybe just a quick flyby on KYC. Obviously, that's the integration of the acquisitions from RDC, Cortera and Acquire Media. And that's all about best-in-class KYC and financial crime prevention. I just wanted to make a note here. We have a really great customer feedback on our new insights around human trafficking alerts and some of the identity verification. On CRE briefly, it's around streamlining our customers' workflow for lending, investment and monitoring. ESG, I think we've sufficiently spoken about. And then lastly, in the domestic China and Latin American markets, we are investing in some of the local talent, region-specific methodologies and more of a holistic suite of products that meet the specific market needs.
Mark Kaye: We are very comfortable to continue guiding towards the incremental RMS-related run rate revenue of $150 million by 2025. I'd also just note that connected to that is the guidance that we are reaffirming around our medium-term MA adjusted operating margin of mid-30s. So certainly, we feel very comfortable sort of reaffirming those outlooks.
Mark Kaye: George, maybe let me start more holistically at the MCO level. I provided a little bit of color a minute ago on MIS, but let me talk about MCO and then I'll talk a little bit about MA after that. Our updated guidance for full year 2021 MCO adjusted operating margin is approximately 51%, and that is 130 basis points higher than the actual 2020 adjusted operating margin result of 49.7%. For context, this is in addition to the MCO margin expanding by 240 basis points in 2020, so a significant expansion. If we were to break the MCO margin expansion down into its component pieces, that would translate into an increase in operating leverage by around 300 to 350 basis points. And that's versus the 150 to 250 basis points that we guided to previously. And this is driven really by better-than-expected scalable revenue growth underpinned by expense discipline. We are also able to realize savings and efficiencies of between 160 and 200 basis points of MCO margin from activities like the restructuring programs that we implemented last year, increasing automation, utilization of lower-cost locations, procurement efficiencies, real estate optimization, et cetera. And the idea that we've spoken about is then sort of fully deploying those savings and efficiencies against increasing our organic strategic investments in 2021 and especially in the third and fourth quarter of this year. And if I just were to round out sort of that attribution, we're really looking at 150 to 190 basis points of headwind from the recent acquisitions, including those RMS transaction-related costs, and around 25 basis points of mix between the MA and the MIS business growth. On MA specifically, we are guiding to approximately 29% for the full year. And that means the implied fourth quarter MA margin is approximately 24%. And that is down from last year's result of 28.4%. That's driven almost solely by more than 400 basis points of margin compression resulting from the M&A activity and transaction-related costs. The underlying fourth quarter margin is really expected to be approximately flat year-over-year. And that's primarily because we're accelerating our organic investments really, again, in the third and fourth quarter this year. And just to remind, and I know I mentioned this a minute ago but I want to reiterate, the medium-term MA adjusted operating margin guidance remains in that mid-30s percent.
Mark Kaye: Absolutely. So to be precise, we're looking to reinvest approximately $110 million back into the business this year. And that really is through those cost efficiencies that we've been able to generate, primarily in the areas of KYC, CRE, ESG and climate. And I know we've spoken about those before. I also wanted to add, it also relates to modernizing some of our internal data and technology infrastructure, and that's about enhancing our products and expanding our presence in the emerging markets. And then, of course, we cited a couple of examples earlier on the call around the DataHub, the cloud-based analytical platform. So there are several areas that we're using to enhance organic investments.
Mark Kaye: The incentive compensation result for the third quarter was approximately $107 million. And we're now expecting incentive compensation to be between $325 million and $330 million for the full year. And that's an increase of around $60 million from our second quarter forecast really due to the improved full year revenue and margin outlook of low teens percentage growth and approximately 51% adjusted operating margin, respectively.
Mark Kaye: Specifically, let me start with RMS and then I'll move on to the broader. So we are still reviewing the intangible asset valuation for RMS. We do expect the allocation of the purchase price to be very much in line with historical norms. That's going to be around 40% of those amortizable intangible assets. What that translates to is around $17 million really for 2021 pretax and around $59 million pretax really looking forward from 2022. If I combine that holistically across the portfolio for the full year 2021, we're looking at combined depreciation and amortization of around $260-ish million, of which I would say around $158 million, maybe $160 million is really purchase price amortization for this year, and the remainder would be other regular depreciation and amortization.
Mark Kaye: Andrew, thank you for your question. So we are guiding to an MIS revenue outlook of sort of low teens growth for the full year. I'd argue maybe that's towards the higher end of low teens. And that does imply, to your point, year to go MIS revenue in probably the high single digits and maybe I'll add a higher end of high single digit for MIS. On the issuance side, we are guiding towards high single digits for the year, and that would imply really mid-teens issuance growth in the fourth quarter. And you are seeing a little bit of negative mix in the fourth quarter as a result of that guidance. And that's primarily driven by the structured finance or specifically, the CLO asset class within structured finance, where you see greater than sort of 100% year-over-year guidance. The issuance itself doesn't necessarily translate as well vis-a-vis some of the other asset classes into per dollar revenue. So that should explain sort of those impacts to you.
Mark Kaye: Owen, we are still continuing to guide to a full year ESG revenue of approximately $21 million on a stand-alone basis and then an additional $5 million to $10 million of ESG revenue through integration of our ESG analytics into the MIS and MA products and solutions. For the third quarter itself, year-to-date, ESG revenue is very much in line with expectations, growing well over 20%. So we feel comfortable about meeting the targets for this year.
Mark Kaye: Owen, thanks for the question here. So let me step back just for a minute and address your question holistically given tax is a very fluid area at the moment. And so it may be somewhat premature to speculate about potential impacts. So with that said, there are really 3 primary areas on our tax watch list that we are actively monitoring. First, and this one is probably a little bit obvious, is the Biden administration's tax proposal and the implied impact to Moody's go-forward effective tax rates from potential revisions to the corporate, the GILTI or the FDII rates. However, based on the releases that we've seen this morning of the Build Back Better legislative framework, those items are maybe looking less likely. And instead, we're more likely to see potentially a 15% minimum corporate tax on large corporations as well as possibly a 1% surcharge on corporate stock buybacks. So things are evolving quite quickly here. It's a rough order of magnitude depending on where we actually end up. A 1% change in the effective tax rate would correspond to around a $0.14 impact to the 2021 adjusted EPS. The second one that we're looking at is clearly the OECD, the pillars #1 and 2 around a global minimum and a digital services tax and then obviously that impacts on transfer pricing. And then third and finally relates to changes to tax transparency and tax governance, and that's really part of the integral element of corporate ESG. For example, the recently issued standards on this by the Global Reporting Institute. We are guiding to a full year effective tax rate between 19.5% and 20.5% for full year 2021. And so that is just north or well north of the 15% proposed minimum corporate tax. And so we feel comfortable with where we are.
