Ray McDaniel: Thanks Salli. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining us on today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s first quarter 2014 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with remarks about our outlook for 2014. And after our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. First quarter revenue of $767 million increased 5% from the first quarter of 2013 and reflected continued strength in Moody’s Analytics, as well as modest growth in Moody’s Investor Service, despite variable market conditions and challenging year-on-year comparisons. Operating expenses for the first quarter were $434 million, a 4% decline from the first quarter of 2013. Operating income for the first quarter was $333 million, a 19% increase from period year period. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income less depreciation and amortization, was $356 million, up 17% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $1 for the first quarter increased 20% from $0.83 in the first quarter of 2013, and on a non-GAAP basis excluding litigation settlement charge in 2013, increased 3% from $0.97 in the prior year period. We are reaffirming our full year 2014 guidance of high-single-digit percent revenue growth and EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4. I’ll now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: Thanks, Linda. I’ll conclude this morning’s prepared remarks by discussing our full year guidance for 2014. Moody’s outlook for 2014 is based on assumptions about many macroeconomic and capital market factors, including interest rates, corporate profitability, business investment spending, mergers and acquisition activity, consumer borrowing and securitization, and the amount of debt issued. There is an important degree of uncertainty surrounding these assumptions, and, if actual conditions differ, Moody’s results for the year may differ materially from the current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end-of-quarter exchange rates. As I mentioned earlier, our full year 2014 EPS guidance range remains $3.90 to $4. For Moody’s overall, the company still expects full year 2014 revenue to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Full year 2014 operating expenses are still projected to increase in the mid-single-digit percentage range. Full year 2014 operating margin is still projected to be 42% to 43% and adjusted operating margin for the year is still expected to be 45% to 46%. The effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 33%. Full year 2014 total share repurchases are still expected to be approximately $1 billion, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $90 million. The company still expects approximately $100 million in depreciation and amortization expense. Growth in compliance and regulatory expense in 2014 is still projected to be less than $5 million. Free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $900 million. We’ve modified certain components of 2014 guidance to reflect the company’s current view of business conditions. For the global MIS business, revenue for the full year 2014 is still expected to increase in the mid-single-digit percent range. Within the U.S., MIS revenue is still expected to increase in the low-single-digit percent range, while non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Corporate finance revenue is now projected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. Revenue from structured finance is still expected to grow in the low-single-digit percent range. Financial institutions revenue is still expected to grow in the mid-single-digit percent range. In public, project and infrastructure finance revenue is still expected to increase in the high-single-digit percent range. For Moody’s Analytics, full year 2014 revenue, including the December 2013 acquisition of Amba Investment Services, is still expected to increase in the low-teens percent range. Within the U.S., MA revenue is now expected to increase in the low-double-digit percent range. Non-U.S. revenue is still expected to increase in the high-teens percent range. Excluding Amba Investment Services, revenue for Moody’s Analytics is still expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. Revenue from research, data and analytics is still projected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range, while revenue for enterprise risk solutions is still expected to grow in the low-teens percent range. Professional services revenue, including Amba Investment Services, is now projected to grow in the low-forties percent range. Excluding Amba Investment Services, revenue for professional services is now expected to grow in the high-single-digit percent range. This concludes our prepared remarks. And joining us for the question-and-answer session is Michel Madelain, President and Chief Operating Officer of Moody’s Investor Service; and Mark Almeida, President of Moody’s Analytics. We’ll be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Ray McDaniel: Manav, this is Ray. No, you’re correct. We did have strong coverage in the commercial real estate sector in the first quarter. So that benefited us.
Ray McDaniel: You’re correct. This was a U.S. story in the first quarter. Commercial real estate in Europe and Asia was not strong in first quarter, but the U.S. market is substantial. And so overall contributed to the growth in securitization for Q1.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Sure, I’ll turn this over to Mark in just a moment, but it’s really going to touch on all three areas of the Moody’s Analytics business, and has been a significant driver for the enterprise risk solutions component. But Mark may want to give some more detail on that.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I think it was pretty apparent that there was a difference in the first quarter between what was happening in investment grade and speculative grade bond issuance. Lot more strength in the investment grade sector. Speculative grade was soft really globally. So it hit us in the U.S. and Europe in particular, because those are our largest markets for spec rate, but it was also a factor elsewhere around the world. So we were soft on the spec rate. That was offset though by the strength in the bank loan area. And the demand for an increase in ratings in bank loans was very beneficial for us. And I expect we’re going to continue to see that, both in terms of demand for variable rate product like bank loans and the demand for ratings in that sector. I guess the last thing I would add to this is that, we also benefited from growth in monitoring fees. And those monitoring fees are growing along with the new rating mandates. And you’ll recall that in 2013, we had a very healthy growth in new rating mandates globally. A lot of those were spec rate issuers. And so we even though spec rate activity was lower, we were gaining from those new relationships in the monitoring fees rather than the bond issuance fees. Linda, I don’t know if had anything you wanted to add to that but.
Ray McDaniel: And Peter I would just add that with the ability of potential M&A transactors to see the degree of market appetite for these larger deals, you have to put that in the positive category.
Ray McDaniel: No, I think Linda’s correction on the profitability of the two different areas is important, but otherwise your observation is correct, Flavio, about the fact that these loans at least have the potential for being repackaged into additional securities.
Ray McDaniel: Well, I will invite my colleagues to make some comments, but I think the business in Europe is quite healthy. The regulatory situation in Europe has been somewhat challenging as we’ve talked about on previous calls, but there has been increased stability in Europe and that is encouraging and stability in the public sector and that is encouraging for increasing confidence in the private sector and encouraging business activity and borrowing in the private sector. So for the outlook, that stability is clearly a precursor to better activity and we’re going to have to see whether the economic momentum picks up on the European side. Michel or Mark, just start with Michel just from a capital markets perspective, see if there is anything you wanted to add.
Ray McDaniel: Well, I mean it’s certainly possible, but we do think we’re going to be able to point on the board in Q2. So our central case is for growth.William Bird – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. I mean the growth in the monitoring fees is probably I think the most important driver there. We do have some growth in program relationships, large frequent issuers that are paying annual fees. And that’s certainly helpful. But the growth in new rating mandates that we’ve been picking up over the last couple of years, and the fact that those rating relationships trends translate into annual monitoring fees has been a big pick-up for us.
Ray McDaniel: Well it’s difficult. It’s fairly easy for us to look at our business in Russia. And that is modest. So that is not a large driver of any change in outlook. But beyond that, geopolitical tensions are always difficult to address in an outlook, simply because there is the direct consequence of tension and how widespread that is. And then there is the collateral impact on business confidence and willingness to engage in business activity and focus on growth during periods of stress. So we’ve factored that into our modest reduction in outlook for the corporate finance area. And beyond that, we’re really just going to have to comment as views change depending on what happens on the ground.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, we’ve listed this historically, and in our investor presentation, you would be able to see some of the historical data that we’ve been able to collect. And long story short is we have had periods in the past of rising interest rates that did have a negative effect on the business in terms of lower or no growth, but more recent periods we have been able to grow through rising interest rate environments. I think the reasons for that includes the fact that we have a much more global business over the last 10 to 15 years than we did back in the early 1990s. We have a much more substantial business in Moody’s Analytics, which is not as susceptible to volatility based on movements in interest rates, but that all being said, I still go back to the kind of fundamental idea that in a rising rate environment, assuming that that rate environment is rising because of economic strength, there are going to be substantial bond market activity and borrowing for reasons unrelated to refinancing, so for share repurchase and capital expenditure, merging acquisitions. Those are all important drivers of issuance in a stronger economic scenario.
Ray McDaniel: Sure. You’ll recall that we had filed an appeal in California seeking reversal of the lower court decision denying our motion to dismiss the case under this, what’s called the anti-SLAPP statute in California. And there was oral argument on that in early April. I think it was April 9. And according to what I’ve been told are the rules in California, a decision on that appeal and the oral argument would be expected within 90 days following that argument.
Ray McDaniel: Correct. And as we’ve talked about before, that is just one small piece of a much broader case that is still in many respects in very early stages.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I want to thank everyone for joining us. And I’d also like to remind you that Tuesday, September 30, we’ll be hosting our Annual Investor Day at our headquarters here in Manhattan. For more information on this, go to the Investor Relations website as we get closer to the event. And again thank you all for joining. We’ll talk to you in July.
Mark Almeida: Manav, I think I’d say that we like what we’re doing in that area. We like the – we added Amba last year to build out the Copal platform. And we like where that business is going. We see a lot more growth opportunity there. In the training and certification business, similarly we like where we’re positioned there. That business has been a little bit soft over the last couple of quarters, and I think that mostly reflects some of the banks having other priorities in other areas that they are funding rather than focusing on training and development of their staff. But I guess the short answer is, we like where we are in professional services, and we particularly like what we’re doing in the outsource research and analytics side of business.
Mark Almeida: Yes. Andre, I think that what’s been going on in RD&A which we think is been performing quite well for us, is a function of a couple of things. You mentioned pricing, that’s been a nice contributor for us. We’ve done I think some very good work on upgrading the product offering and providing a more complete product delivering, more content through our core research delivery platform, moodys.com. So I think that has driven lots of demand. We’ve seen very good customer retention. Linda mentioned that that was running in the mid-90s. It’s as high as we’ve ever seen it. So that’s helped us very well. So I think just generally the business is doing quite well along all of those dimensions, pricing, coverage and the breadth of the product offering. It’s just performing very well. Honestly the underlying growth in the market is fairly limited. We don’t have a lot of new entrants coming into the market. So it’s not like we’re selling to lots of new customers. But we are finding very good demand with the customers that we’ve got. And we’re finding that they’ve got very good appetite as we’re able to deliver more content through the platform.
Mark Almeida: Yes, that’s exactly right Bill. Banks represent a very sizable share of our overall customer base. And we’ve seen very good demand from that customer set, again going to some of the things that I mentioned a moment ago in the RD&A area in response to Andre’s question. But also Ray mentioned the enterprise risk solutions. All of the work that banks are doing to meet regulatory requirements, whether that be Basel III requirements outside the United States or stress testing requirements in the U.S., there has been very, very healthy demand from those customers. We can do in a lot of work. We’ve been getting very good traction in that area, and we continue to be very optimistic about the outlook for demand for our product offering across the product portfolio.
Mark Almeida: Well, our goal is certainly to move the business to higher margins overtime, and we’re doing an enormous amount of work to get us there. I just caution you a little bit Peter on the timing of that. I think for us to get to the margins that we’re aiming for. We’ve still got a lot of work to do. And we’ve got to build more scale into the business and also we’ve got to make number of our product offerings, particularly in enterprise risk solutions, more scalable and more easily configurable and replicable from customer to customer. So there is a fair amount of work going on there. So again that’s clearly our objective. We’re very focused on that, but I’d be real love them to declare victory on that just on the basis of what you’ve seen in this quarter.
Mark Almeida: Absolutely. And again there is a whole program of activity in that line of business to get us there, but that program is a program that’s going to start that meaningful impact on the bottom line over a period of years rather than quarters.
Mark Almeida: Sure. I think that I would characterize it as pretty much in line with our expectations to be honest. We had a good quarter. Organically we were at 10%, which we feel very good about, but we’ve always thought of this business as a high-single-digit growth kind of business. So we didn’t – while we’re very pleased with the quarter, we didn’t feel like the quarter was wildly outlined with our expectations.
Linda Huber: Manav, it’s Linda. Let me probably just point out that we own two-thirds of the Copal Amba Group. So just want to make sure that everybody is aware of that ownership structure.
Linda Huber: Yes, Manav, your observation is exactly correct. We did do better than we expect on the expense side in the first quarter. So we still expect the same end point. So we would ask that you look at a little bit of a steeper ramp. So we’d like you now to look at $50 million to $55 million of ramps specifically from $434 million this quarter to $490 million for the end of the year.
Linda Huber: Sure, Andre. The factors to the positive were lower legal costs and lower incentive compensation. I think we have said previously, you might want to look at $35 million for incentive comps for each quarter. We ran shy of $30 million this quarter, because of the top line was close and EPS was good, but we were little bit lighter on incentive comp. Those two positives were offset by overall higher compensation expenses, because we’ve added more people over the course of the year, and some consulting and IT costs for some of the things that we’re looking to do too, improve efficiency to ramp here. So it didn’t what we see now. We do think we will have that ramp over the course of the year. We are intending to increase headcount to support our revenue growth over the course of the year. And again we can’t predict exactly what’s going to happen with incentive compensation, but probably that $45 million a quarter is as good number you’re presenting.
Linda Huber: Peter, I’m not sure we’re going to break out the impact of Amba on the margin other than we said that the Copal Amba Group has Moody’s like growth rates and Moody’s like margins. So you might want to do a little reverse engineering there, but I’m not sure we’re going to go into that specifically.
Linda Huber: Yes, Peter. We do adjust bits of what we’ve seen from market conditions, couple of comments there. We do have heavy issuance of shares in the first quarter that’s when we primarily do the issuance for our previous year compensation plans. So that is particularly heavy in the first quarter. And as we move through the year, we’re pretty well balanced out. I would say that, for the number of trading days we’ve had in the year, we would note that to this point we are on pace to achieve our $1 billion for the year.
Linda Huber: Flavio, it’s Linda. And Ray or Michel may want to comment on this. We think we’re managing our costs pretty well while making the required investments in the business. As you can see this quarter, we’ve had some particularly strong results from Moody’s Analytics, but we’ve always felt Moody’s Analytics has been a little bit under in terms of its performance. So we are watching our costs pretty carefully, but we do want to make sure we make those strategic investments to keep these businesses growing at the pace that they have been growing. For the Moody’s shared services side, we do use the Copal Amba Group. We have about 100 people that we’re using for shared services. And most of the increases in our headcount for shared services would be offshore at this point. So the whole company is making use of those assets, particularly in Moody’s shared services. So we have had tremendous margin expansion year-over-year. We are also guiding to 50 to 150 basis points of further margin expansion this year. So we like where we are and we’re particularly cautious about the rating agency and how we handle operations in the rating agencies. So with that preamble, I’ll let Ray and Michel perhaps add any comments if they want to.
Linda Huber: Flavio, it’s Linda. Before we get into the next issue, one of our jobs here is to correct the urban myth. And that is an urban myth. In fact leveraged loan pricing, speculative grade pricing in general is helpful to us. And that’s one that’s favorable to investment grade pricing. So you should not make that assumption that margins are lower on leveraged loans. So please make that change. And in terms of mix, we do like leveraged loans, because we rate them and then as you said, we are able to rate them again if they are packaged into CLOs, but I may have missed a little bit of the color for your two year back to your comment and I’ll ask Ray if he wanted to add anything.
Linda Huber: Craig, it’s Linda. Before I get into the usual conversation that you and I had, having spent a better part of the last three weeks in Asia, and Michel may want to comment on this further, we’re continued to be pleased in what we’re seeing regarding our business in China, both domestic with CCXI and cross-border. I think our China compendium says we have about 140 cross-border rated companies now coming out of China. And I think if I’ve got my memory stats we’re adding about 30 of those per year. They start off in our CCXI business of domestic issuers and then it’s growing size and scale. They become cross-border issuers as they move over to our MIS business. On part of both MIS and Moody’s Analytics. And so that part shared services as well, we are investing in China. It is a growth area for us and we have an effort [ph] to make sure that we have our greater China strategy correct. And that was supported in the growth particularly in that part of the region. And before we go onto other things, maybe I’ll pause for a minute and just see if Michel and Mark want to comment a little bit further on China specifically. Michel anything from your…
Linda Huber: Sure. I will start with corporate finance for you Craig. As we’ve said $264 million for this quarter. That’s up from $258 million last year. The percentage breakdown investment grade was 18% of revenues, which is about flat to last year. Spec grade high yields bonds down to $52.9 million. That’s 20% of the corporate finance line versus last year’s 29%. Bank loans, the opposite. We’re up to about $67 million, which is 25% of the corporate finance revenue versus 22% last year. And again those lines offset each other. And other accounts as you had noted correctly, Craig, that line has moved up to $97 million from $82 million and that’s 37% of the total. Again it’s important to call out that globally across all of Moody’s investment grade of revenues represent only 7% of Moody’s corporate revenues. And that’s just something that we think sometimes is not fully appreciated. And we do also see an over focus on the U.S. So it’s important that these trends are looked at on a global basis and that’s spec grade and investment grade are considered in total. We go into SFG, Craig. First of all, the total for structured was $95 million, up from $93 million last year. ADS, about flat at 24% of revenue, so up $23 million. RMBS also about flat at $18 million. That’s 19% of revenues, about the same the last year. Commercial real estate at 31% versus 28% last year. Up to $29 million this year. And structured credit, which includes CLOs, $25 million, that’s 26% of the structured revenue line versus 29% at the same time last year. Moving onto FIG, $85 million revenue for the first quarter of this year. And banking constituted 67% of that, $57 million. Insurance constituted 25%, $21 million. And managed investments up to 8%, $6.6 million, which is up from last year’s 4%. And then lastly, public project and infrastructure, $80 million for the quarter. And as Ray had talked about public finance and sovereign, $37 million down from last year’s $42 million, about 46% of the PPIF line. UNIF [ph] $3.8 million, which is 5% the same as last year. And then project and infrastructure $40 million, was up from last year and that’s 49% of revenues. Again we’ve talked about we’ve seen project and infrastructure being one of the beneficiaries of the disintermediation that Michel spoke about. We’re seeing that a number of these deals are coming to the bond markets in project and infrastructure finance, which previously would have been funded by banks. So that’s an helpful trend. So I think that’s it Craig. If we’ve got everything you need.Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Linda Huber: And Joe, it’s Linda. I can recite this from memory. In ‘93 to ‘94, interest rates went up 200 basis points over that year-long period. And Moody’s revenue which as Ray said with much more U.S. centric at that time barely dipped. I believe it’s ‘97 to ‘98, interest rates went up 180 basis points and Moody’s revenue continued to trend up. When we do our first quarter slide, you’ll see revenues for the corporation up 5%. I’d be surprised if overall global issuance has been up from the fourth quarter of last year. It’s probably going to be flat to down. So once again, global issuance can be flat to down and our revenues move up. So it’s very important that you understand that interest rates also continue to have trouble breaking above 3% in the 10-year. We were able to see that in January. We saw it in September, but we have not seen the 10-year come back through 3% for any sort of sustained period of time. And there is pieces in journal today that higher interest rates are causing some real issues in the housing market. So again rates may move up, but they’ve surprised us for being lower longer than perhaps we and a lot of market participants kind of expected. So I think we’ll end our very long comment there.Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott: Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure. What have you achieved? The headcount growth excluding Amba year-over-year has grown 10% here at Moody’s. And a lot of that growth has been offshore in lower cross jurisdictions. If you split it out, the majority of the additions have been in the lines of business. And we do expect probably 9% headcount growth this year. And again a number of those – that growth will be offshore. But again we’re driving 10% to 15% growth in Moody’s Analytics, and we’ve been putting up double-digit growth on the revenue line. And in order to support that, it’s important that we are able to add headcount to support both, the ratings and the Moody’s Analytics side. So yes, we would continue to expect 9% headcount growth. But we’re judicious about where we’re adding those additional jobs. Stephen Sheldon – William Blair. Okay, thanks.
Michel Madelain: Well, I think it’s been viewed as really something that is a bit of a game changer in terms of the scale and the size of the deal and the opportunity creates for funding of large transactions in Europe and in some other market. So from that perspective, I think that was a very welcome event. And you’ve seen it’s been a very successful deal however described and good condition. So I would clarify that as a positive sign.
Michel Madelain: Well, it is an M&A. This is an M&A driven transaction. So you’ve seen there is a number of – this is obviously something that tends to be variable driven. And to the extent that we see more M&A activities, what they mean is that we’ll see more of those transactions, but again we view that as a positive development for the market.
Michel Madelain: No, I would say that we are effectively looking at the options that the acquisition of Amba and the addition of Copal are bringing to us. We already are using outsourcing to some extent, but there are opportunities and we’re working on that.
