Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for joining today’s call. I’ll begin by summarizing Moody’s fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights and I’ll then speak to recent regulatory developments and finish with comments on our outlook for 2012. After our prepared remarks, we’ll be happy to respond to your questions. Fourth quarter revenue of $567 million was flat as compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. With strong performance by Moody’s Analytics and global structured finance offsetting a decline from the strong prior year period in corporate finance. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $172 million, a 12% decrease from the prior year period. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.43 decreased 26% year-over-year. For full year 2011, Moody’s revenue of $2.3 billion was a 12% increase from full year 2010. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted Moody’s Investors Service revenue by $28 million and was negligible for Moody’s Analytics. Operating income of $888 million increased 15% from a year ago and included a $4 million favorable impact from foreign currency translations. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service was $1.6 billion, an increase of 12% from last year. Moody’s Analytics revenue was $712 million, 14% higher than the prior year. Diluted earnings per share of $2.49 for 2011 increased 16% and included a legacy tax benefit of $0.03 in the second quarter of 2011 as well as other tax benefits of $0.09 in the second and third quarters of 2011 resulting from a favorable tax ruling in a settlement of state tax audits. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: Peter, this is Ray. But for the acquisitions that we made in the fourth quarter of 2011, I think we would have been projecting approximately a 40% margin this year.
Ray McDaniel: Again, subject to whether we engage in additional acquisitions, I would still say that our outlook is to have 40% plus margin and a double-digit growth on average for the firm.
Ray McDaniel: Well, let me start with 2011 because I did comment during the year, last year that we had what I consider to be some one-off activity in the early part of the year and we that we expected the run rate on that business to decrease. We didn’t – as it turned out, we really didn’t see that. The business held up throughout the year better than I had anticipated and we are currently looking at that run rate to continue through 2012. Obviously, there are going to be areas of relative strength and relative weakness in structured finance. For example, we still don’t see any significant RMBS activity here in the U.S. and we will have to see what the impact in Europe is of some of the one-time items that were driving business last year. But the ABS market in particular, both in the U.S. and in Europe, has held up well. And to the extent that there is a willingness to – well, to the extent that there are interest rates and spreads that make securitization attractive, there is potentially some upside to that business. But right now, we would say that we expect the run rate from 2011 to be reflected in the business in 2012. As to share, I think that’s more – probably more driven by which parts of structured finance happen to be active or inactive at any given point in time. There are some areas where we have strength relative to our competitors in terms of our analytic framework and there are some other areas where issuers and investors may prefer the business from our competitors. So it really is driven by which areas are active from quarter-to-quarter.
Ray McDaniel: Sure, happy to talk about that. You can see from our guidance that we’re expecting both the financial institutions and structured finance areas to be flat, perhaps slightly down, but essentially flat. We do expect to see growth in the public, project and infrastructure finance area and we expect to see that all the way through the year. The – probably the most interesting area is corporate finance and I think right now the pipelines could be characterized as steady, but probably not more than steady. A little bit of an uptick in high yield recently. But what we’re seeing, and this is very recent, is an improvement in market tone, volatility has come down, spreads have been coming in, and those are all leading indicators of what helps build the pipeline. So early January, I would say we were pretty cautious about how the pipelines looked and what that meant for the business. As I said, more recently, some of the leading indicators are more promising. We do still expect that the second half of the year is going to be the stronger half. We do not expect this year to look like last year. So we would not anticipate having strong growth in the first half this year in the corporate area, off of what we saw last year because it was so strong last year.
Ray McDaniel: And we still think that 2012 is going to be characterized or going to reflect at the macroeconomic conditions and to the extent that there are orderly resolutions of some of the stresses in Europe in particular, that should build confidence. If those resolutions are more disorderly, I think we would see a movement away from risk. So macroeconomics continue to play a big part of the story.
Ray McDaniel: Well, we don’t want to try to provide quarterly guidance, but I think what we’re seeing in the first quarter of this year is at this point reflective of what we were seeing in the second half of last year with momentum building slowly throughout the year. So it’s really the second half of this year that I think we’re going to see revenue growth as opposed to the first half.
Ray McDaniel: Yes, in addition to saying that the second half is going to be stronger, I think what you see is the steady progression of expense growth, although not to the same degree as we had in 2011. So that $40 million expense growth should be straight-lined through the year, but revenue stronger in the second half, and again, I would expect that we’re probably going to have the lightest revenue in the first quarter.
Ray McDaniel: It’s – I mean, we do have some pricing included in that. We do expect to have growth in several areas. Where we probably will not see growth is in Europe and if there is an orderly, as I said, an orderly resolution in Europe and a return of confidence, that would provide some upside against our current projections. So we expect to see a stronger profile in the U.S. and in our non-Europe international business at this point.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. While I would have hoped that we would have stabilized the incremental increase in costs associated with regulation and compliance in 2012, I don’t think that that’s the central case at this point. I think we are going to have incremental compliance and regulatory expense again this year. I think it will be less than we were forecasting for last year, so perhaps in the $10 million to $15 million range as opposed to the $15 million to $25 million range that we were talking about last year.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. That is the big driver of our expectations on the international ratings side, the European situation. We do expect to see growth in other international, Asia, Latin America.
Ray McDaniel: We do expect the disintermediation trend to continue. That I believe is a long-term, secular trend, not only for Europe, but elsewhere internationally. For 2012, the – we think that both the structured finance business internationally and the financial institutions business internationally are going to be down and the principal reason in both cases is because of our expectations for Europe. So we expect to have a decline in European financial institution revenue and European structured finance revenue compared to 2011. But we expect to have that in both cases largely offset by growth in the U.S.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. Sure, Craig. The – starting with the CalPERS case, I think as you know that the second part of the anti-SLAPP motion was decided earlier in the year. And while we won the first part of the motion, we lost on the second part of the motion, which allows CalPERS to proceed with some discovery. What’s unusual about this is that this decision is immediately appealable and we will be doing so and the case will be stayed until that appeal has been determined. With respect to Abu Dhabi, discovery was completed in December and we filed a motion for summary judgment in January in that case.Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Okay. Then a housekeeping question here. Linda, can you break down, on a percentage basis, transaction versus non-transaction related revenues within structured finance, corporate financial and PPIF, please? I have a follow up.
Ray McDaniel: No. I would say the only thing I would add to how you’ve already sized it up, Craig, is that remember early last year there was a pretty significant concern around the public finance sector, the municipal sector here in the U.S. and so we had relatively light performance in U.S. municipals early in the year, which we do not expect to be replayed this year. Other than that, it’s really the global infrastructure story, which is going to be supporting the growth in that business.Craig Huber – Huber Research Partners: Great. Thank you.
Ray McDaniel: I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today and we look forward to speaking to you again in April. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure, Peter, happy to talk about that. I think first, though, we should note that 2011 was a year of record revenue for Moody’s and we’re back above our 2007 high. So we think we should get that into the mix, Peter. Let me talk a little bit about fourth quarter 2011 as compared to fourth quarter of 2010. And the fourth quarter of 2010 we put up $0.58 and the number is $0.43 for the fourth quarter of 2011. The main bridge that gets you there is just a difference in the tax rate. We had an abnormally low tax rate in fourth quarter of 2010. As we had said earlier, the tax rate for 2010 was about 19% and we’re running about 37% for the fourth quarter of 2011. So basically we have a doubling of the effective tax rate for the quarter. That change gets you about $0.12. And then the remainder of the $0.03 to get to the bridge, we have some deal costs from these acquisitions we’ve done in the fourth quarter. We had some other expenses including a sales tax matter and a contribution to our foundation. And then we’ve got some other things in terms of bringing some IT costs and other systems online. So the main driver in the difference for the fourth quarter of 2011 is really the tax rate and there’s not much more to it than that.
Linda Huber: Sure. Let me try to do that bridge for you also, Peter. For the fourth quarter of 2010, expenses were $367.7 million and then they were $395 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. So we’re looking at about a $28 million increase over that period. Basically, it splits, as I’ve mentioned, about a third, a third, a third in terms of deal costs. The two deals that we did in the fourth quarter were expensive to get done. We had a success fee in the Copal deal, which is unusual for us to pay, so take $9-ish million on deal costs and other things related to those acquisitions. Another third of it, another chunk of it would be, as I said, another tax matter, which revolves around sales tax and a donation to our foundation, the sort of two costs in the other category. And then thirdly, we have these systems we’re bringing online and some consulting fees mainly to get ready for Dodd-Frank. So basically those are the three components of the $28 million of expense difference between this year’s fourth quarter and last year’s fourth quarter.
Linda Huber: Sure. Incentive comp accrual was actually down from last year, and as we had said, last year’s fourth quarter, we finished very strong in the fourth quarter last year, it was $42.8 million. This year it was only $30.3 million. That was still up sequentially, though, from the third quarter’s $25 million, but more even over the quarters of 2011.
Linda Huber: So – it’s Linda. I just wanted to give you some more details on January and February issuance. January investment grade issuance is on track with 2011, about an $80 billion issuance month for the month of January. Interestingly, there are seven deals in the market today and activity has been very active in February so far. What’s interesting is if you look at the forward calendar for high yield, we see 13 high yield deals in the pipeline, which is better than we’ve seen for quite some time. Spreads are sort of around 650 basis points or over for high yield right now. If we can get under 600 basis points, we think we’re going to start to see a lot of those deals coming. So conditions are for this moment, and again to follow-up on what Ray said, can change it any moment, but for this moment conditions are looking relatively good and you’ll see a lot of companies coming to market getting record low all-in financing costs, which obviously is very helpful to our business.
Linda Huber: Sure. I think what Ray was trying to say is our margins would be at 40% and we would have margin expansion but for the interesting effect of accounting for the acquisitions that we’ve done. So we have to report by GAAP and we report with those acquisitions in, so it appears that the margin is flat. Let’s talk about expenses for 2012. I think you ought to start the year at about $370 million for the first quarter for expenses, and then I think similar to what we advised you in previous years, you should ramp expenses probably by about $40 million over the course of the year. Our expenses tend to move up in the fourth quarter as you’ve obviously adjusted your – so that would be the way to lay it in for your modeling for 2012.
Linda Huber: And, Michael, a caution on that would be we can’t forecast CRA 3, obviously, but we would see that the earliest that would come into effect is fourth quarter of 2012, but that’s probably a 2013 matter for the most part.
Linda Huber: Sure Craig. I’ll give you the total D&A number first and let Mark get warmed up to explain the acquisitions that we’ve done because I think as a group we feel the analyst community is a little bit light on what we’re trying to accomplish here. The D&A number you should use for 2012 going to be about $100 million. Some of that obviously is partially due to these acquisitions and partially because we’re bringing some more systems online. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Mark and he’ll give you details.
Linda Huber: Hang on a second. Let me get that for you. I think CapEx for 2011, you probably want to use $60 million to $70 million, Michael.
