Mark Kaye: Owen, good afternoon, and very happy to do that. Our central case assumption is that the near-term capital market activity is going to continue to be impacted by some of the recent stresses we’ve seen in the banking sector as well as sort of those ongoing inflationary and recessionary concerns before improving as we progress into the latter half of the year. While we have to acknowledge that there’s been strong sequential improvement in issuance volumes from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, we remain cautiously optimistic and are thus maintaining our full year MIS revenue guidance of low to mid-single-digit percent growth. Based on the strong first quarter investment grade and infrequent financial institution issue activity, we have slightly derisked our year-to-go forecast. We now expect first half MIS revenue to decline in the mid- to high single-digit percent range and second half MIS revenue growth in the mid to high teens percent range. And that’s, again, based on our expectation for market volatility to partially abate in the latter half of 2023. It’s also worth noting that this outlook is now more in line with the historical seasonality where the proportion of transaction revenue tends to be greater in the first half versus the second half of the year. We’re also pleased to reaffirm our expectation for full year 2023 MA revenue to increase by approximately 10%. It’s too early to assess if there are any near-term headwinds related to the disruption resulting from or in the banking sector. And as you heard from Rob, we are experiencing increased product utilization, customer engagement of our risk solutions during this period of financial market uncertainty. And given that MA revenue is highly recurring, approximately 94%, we still expect absolute dollar MA revenue to progressively increase over the course of the year, with second half revenue growth anticipated to be slightly stronger vis-à-vis the first half. That means we’re forecasting MA’s second quarter adjusted operating margin to be flattish to our actual Q1 results before improving in the second half of the year and as we fully realize the benefits of our restructuring program and additional cost-saving initiatives. On total Moody’s operating expenses, the guide here is for an increase in the lower end of the mid-single-digit percent range. It’s revised just slightly upwards on the expanded restructuring-related charges as well as our expectation for sort of a modest FX headwind. And then finally, we don’t anticipate the future resolution of uncertain tax positions to sort of reoccur to the same extent in future quarters.
Mark Kaye: Kevin, I’ll talk at the Moody’s level for margin, and I’ll give some insight into how the full year is progressing and certainly happy to take other questions on MA margin later on in the call. So as a management team, we’re committed to improving Moody’s margin and accelerating the top line growth here. Our guidance for the full year is for an adjusted operating margin in the range of 44% to 45%. And that implies around 200 basis points of margin expansion at the midpoint. And that reflects our view that the cyclical market disruption we experienced last year as well as some of the concerns in the banking sector, they’re likely to abate over the coming months. And in addition, over the past several months, to the point you made, we have taken prudent yet aggressive actions firmwide to streamline our expense base. And we’ve done that while concurrently ensuring sufficient investment and resources to maintain the high ratings quality within MIS as well as to support innovation and organic investment in MA as we execute on our strategic road maps. So if I translated that into numbers using our actual Q1 results as a baseline, for the full year 2023, you could expect approximately 100 to 150 basis points related to increased operating leverage from both MA and MIS, and that’s net of ongoing hiring activities and strategic investments; approximately 350 to 400 basis points related to the expense benefits from some of those actions we’ve taken to lower and control costs associated with either real estate rationalization, reduction in staff or other efficiency initiatives; and then with the partial offset there of approximately 300 basis points from incremental costs associated with the annual salary and promotional increases as well as a reset of our incentive compensation.
Mark Kaye: And Toni, this may have been implicit in the question you were asking, but part of the reason we introduced ARR in the first quarter of last year is that it’s a fabulous leading indicator of performance because by design, it provides that 12-month forward-looking view into our growth trajectory and thus also progress towards achieving our medium-term targets.
Mark Kaye: This is Mark here. In terms of the overall quantification of the banking business, last year for banking-related products that we sold were around $400 million. That would have been around 14% of the MA. You could anticipate continuing to see ongoing growth of products that we sell to banks, which extend per the comments you heard from Rob this morning, not just banking-related products themselves. And the focus that we have in and especially in the banking space, really extends across those three primary segments, sort of the origination of that credit, the ability for asset liability management and then finally, to support finance and risk-related reporting. And the idea that banks themselves can use that data and analytics not just within individual departments within those disciplines but across the firm really creates very high switching costs and allows our data to be embedded ultimately into the network that the banks have.
Mark Kaye: And in the first quarter of 2023, our incentive comp was $89 million compared to $76 million in the prior year period. Also just look, Craig, that we’re now including commissions as part of our incentive compensation figures that we provide as sales-based commissions have actually grown alongside revenues relative to historical levels. So put it in context, for the full year of 2023, we expect incentive compensation to be between $340 million and $360 million or approximately $85 million to $90 million per quarter for the remainder of the year. And that is 15% higher at the midpoint than the total incentive compensation we accrued for in the comparable full year period in 2022, and that’s simply a result of resetting our incentive comp baseline for the year based on annual financial targets. And just because I have the mic for a second, on the expense side, I wanted to get out the updated expense ramp of between $10 million and $30 million between the first and second quarter of this year, with expenses remaining relatively stable then through the rest of the year.
Mark Kaye: No problem. Incentive compensation for 2022 was as follows: approximately $76 million in the first quarter; $66 million, second; $81 million, third; and $82 million in the fourth quarter.
Mark Kaye: So, our long-term MIS revenue growth algorithm doesn’t have a set base here, so we’re not looking to define either the base here or the end period from which future performance could be extrapolated. Instead, the model is focused much more on historically well-established trends that we believe will be relevant in the long term and contribute ultimately to revenue growth. On the medium side, we’re really looking at that 3- to 5-year window, and we’re really reflecting the MIS revenue projection over that defined period of time. And then lastly, we are not withdrawing medium-term MIS revenue guidance.
Mark Kaye: So, we expect the full year 2023 operating expenses to increase at the lower end of the mid-single-digit range. And you are absolutely right, that is above our prior forecast of low single-digit percent growth or the higher end of low single-digit percent growth. The primary driver for this, I’d call it, slight revision is really the expansion of our restructuring program and updates to foreign exchange rate assumptions. And given from an adjusted basis, which is what the margins are really computed off of, we would back out that restructuring piece. I also wanted to note, the operating expense segment guidance would be along the lines of a low to mid-single-digit percent decline in MIS and are very consistent with what we said in January and then a high single-digit percent growth in MA, also consistent with what we said in January.
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Kevin. So, our capital planning and allocation strategy is unchanged. We are committed as a management team to anchoring our financial leverage around a BBB+ rating. And as I’ve spoken about before, we believe that’s appropriate balance between ensuring ongoing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of capital. However, given that our gross leverage as of quarter end is above that 2.5 times, we are continuing to be prudent in managing our leverage and liquidity levels and ensuring financial flexibility. So practically, that means we’re maintaining, for now, our slightly more conservative approach to share repurchase guidance in 2023. We still plan to return approximately $800 million of global free cash flow or about 53% at the midpoint of our projected free cash flow guidance range to our stockholders. That, of course, is subject to available cash, market conditions, M&A opportunities, other ongoing capital allocation. And if I broke that down into subcomponents, that would be $250 million approximately in share repo, and that’s inclusive of the $41 million we did in the first quarter as well as to distribute approximately $550 million in dividends through a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share, which is 10% higher than the first quarter 2022 quarterly dividend. And then one final but important point I just wanted to highlight is we still have approximately $800 million in total share repurchase authorization remaining. And that gives us some flexibility to evaluate our full year 2023 share repurchase guidance while continuing to monitor the operating environment as it develops.
Mark Kaye: For the full year 2023, we’re projecting ESG and climate-related revenues to also increase in that high-single-digit percent range and that would be off of the actual 2022 full year results of $189 million.
Mark Kaye: In terms of the capital planning and allocation, I would also make the point that that remains unchanged from prior philosophy. First, we’re going to look for opportunities for both organic and inorganic investment in some of the high priority markets that we’ve spoken about in the call today that ultimately are going to enrich that ecosystem of data, analytical solutions and insights. After deploying any investment dollars, we’re going to look to return that capital to our stockholders through dividends and through share repurchases. Just wanted to comment here, in the first quarter itself on the free cash flow side, the result was higher compared to the prior year period, and that was really due to an improvement in working capital this quarter, despite sort of the lower net income vis-à-vis the first quarter of 2022. And that improvement in working capital was driven by higher 2021-related incentive compensation payments that came through in the first quarter of ‘22.
Mark Kaye: Alex, the MA margin, as we think through to the second quarter is expected to be relatively flattish to the first quarter. And then we do expect it to progressively increase over the remainder of the year sort of in line with both revenue growth and as the benefit from our expense actions begins to take place. It is a little bit too early for us to think about 2024 just yet. On the margin for the first quarter, just two minutes on this. There were two primary impacts in terms of why the margin in Q1 was a little bit lower than last year. First was we accelerated some of the opportunistic investment in the business, and that’s going to be product development, technology, sales deployment, et cetera. But second, there is an element of timing related to both the MA revenue and expenses. On the revenue side, we had a favorable revenue recognition in the prior year period. And then on the expense side, you’ll recall, Alex, that the first quarter of 2022 had a relatively low level of investment because we had accelerated some of that work into the fourth quarter of 2021.
Mark Kaye: Thanks for the question. And Alex, your intuition, as usual, is spot on here. So we introduced, just as a reminder, ARR, or annualized recurring revenue in the first quarter of last year. And we continue to emphasize it as a very meaningful growth metric for MA as it removes the impact of uneven revenue recognition from some of these multiyear arrangements as well as sales mix. However, since this is the first time we’ve rolled over the metric from one calendar year to another, it’s probably just worth a second to do a quick refresh of definitions, right? So ARR is a constant currency organic metric, and it utilizes a single set of FX rates for each calendar year. And our ARR table in the back of the quarter’s earnings release translates both current period, which is the Q1 ‘23, and prior period, Q1 ‘22, at the same rates, right, with the idea of expressing sort of this constant dollar growth rate. So, sequential figures within the year are comparable but those that are across years are not. And if I adjust for the FX rates, what you’ll find is that approximately $80 million in ARR in 2023 was not reported simply because of that FX movement. In other words, U.S. dollar appreciation between last year and this year. And so, if we add back that $80 million of revenue to the Q1 ARR to make it more comparable to the 2022 number, you’ll see that growth come through in our reported figures.
Rob Fauber: Andrew, it’s Rob. I’m actually going to take a crack at this. I’m going to kind of zoom out just for a moment because we were kind of thinking about what went on in March with the banking sector across kind of three dimensions. And the first, it was a very active period for our rating teams, as you’d imagine. Just to give you a sense, we rate about 800 banks globally, and that includes about 65 regional banks in the United States. So, there was a pretty intense period of credit work and market engagement as you’d expect, and you saw kind of the uptick in usage for our research. We also then thought about what could that mean in regards to MIS issuance. And January and February were stronger issuance months than March. We did see a bit of a slowdown in the markets for sure in the month of March, and we tried to think about how do we extrapolate that out for the balance of the year. Ultimately, we decided not to change the issuance outlook for the year. And then third, kind of zooming in on your question around MA. Again, just to give you a sense, we’ve got relationships with over 2,500 banks or so globally. And I would say we have not yet seen any meaningful slowdown in sales cycles. But I think we’re mindful of this, right? As you’d expect, banks are evaluating what kinds of investments they want to make and when they want to make them. We’re also keeping an eye on bank consolidation. And I’ve gotten questions before about the impact in the financial crisis. And that was one of the things that we cited was it’s consolidation of banks that can lead to some attrition events for us or some downgrades. And so that’s something we are keeping an eye on. Obviously, we had a little bit of idiosyncratic attrition here with a few of these bank failures. But I think over the -- kind of over the medium term, our view is that there’s going to be heightened demand for bank risk management. There will be new regulation that is going to stimulate further demands for our products and services. So while we’re keeping an eye on things at the moment, I would say over the medium term, we feel like this will actually be a supportive factor for growth.
Rob Fauber: Hey Toni, it’s Rob. I’ll take that one. So two parts to it, sustainability and then how do we -- how does that also kind of translate and supported by price. Let me start with just some key secular trends that are driving growth across our business. And these are what we call kind of selling themes and how we engage with our customers. So the first of those -- and they’re really four. The first of them is digital transformation. And many, many, many of our customers are going through a digital transformation in all parts of their institution. And so we play an important role in helping institutions do that. As you’ve heard me say before, you heard me say on this call, it’s about becoming more effective and more efficient. The second is around really kind of a company 360-degree view of risk. And gosh, I’ve had a lot of these discussions with our customers recently, where they say, we’re just trying to get a better understanding of the various dimensions of any given counterparty that we’re doing business with, whether it’s a customer, a supplier, someone they’re making a loan to, someone they’re investing in. And so we’ve got a great opportunity to help them with that company 360-degree view of risk. Third is around regulation. There are -- when you serve, and we -- obviously, financial services is a big part of the customers that we serve, there’re constantly new rules and regulations that are being imposed on the industry. They’re evolving in many different ways. And our customers are looking to us to help them with regulatory compliance. And a lot of our solutions do that. And the fourth is we’re having more and more conversations around how to think about integrating climate and ESG into various different kinds of workflows. And I would say in climate in particular, where there’s a real need and desire to really understand the financial quantification of exposure to weather and climate change, and you heard me mention that on the call. So the great thing is we’re having these conversations with our customers and it’s bring -- and you heard me give that example of that bank in my opening remarks. We’re bringing together products and solutions that help our customers address a range of these kinds of challenges. So we feel good about our positioning and the medium-term growth drivers that are underpinned by this. Now, as it relates specifically to pricing, we talk about, in MA, an approach to value-based pricing. So we want our customers to drive a lot of value out of our products. We have customer success teams that support the usage and utility that our customers get out of those solutions. That, in turn, both translates into supporting ongoing pricing increases as well as upgrades across the institution. That is generally how we think about it.
Rob Fauber: Hey Alex, it’s Rob. I think that’s a reasonable thesis and it’s probably too early to tell. Like I said, we haven’t adjusted the issuance outlook at this time, either up or down in regards to that. But that’s certainly one of the things that we’re considering is as banks -- the opportunity to turn to the capital markets as a funding source, particularly in the U.S. but also in Europe. And so that may -- we may actually see an uptick in issuance. We may also -- that may also drive further disintermediation, right, as -- not only as banks are turning to capital markets for funding sources but as the borrowers themselves are turning to capital markets. So that’s something I think we’re going to watch, Alex, but probably a little too early to call.
Rob Fauber: Yes. And maybe I’ll just add to that. Kind of in the immediate term, obviously, we highlighted the increased usage that we saw in our products, but we were literally doing kind of daily stand-ups where we were in touch with our banking customers and prospective customers around a few different themes. And one, as you can imagine, our banking customers were in a period and still are of enhanced kind of credit and counterparty monitoring. And there, we’ve got obviously a number of tools that can help. We have a set of asset liability management solutions. And I noted the significant increase in usage by our existing customers, but that also gave us an opportunity to engage in a number of new discussions. And then third is around KYC. And while it’s hard for banks to deploy a new KYC solution kind of in the span of a week, just given what was going on, we’ve seen an ability to have an increased conversation around KYC at a broader set of financial institutions. So in general, there are some immediate term opportunities and we see some medium-term opportunities.
Rob Fauber: Yes. George, it’s Rob. I’ll start. I mentioned and we showed in our webcast deck that the first quarter issuance through March was roughly 29% of our full year outlook. And I mentioned also, that’s pretty consistent with the average that we’ve seen over roughly a 10-year period, excluding the pandemic and last year. Our expectations going into this year, we’re probably somewhere closer to 25%. So by not taking up our issuance outlook, I think, George, you could kind of think of that as derisking our issuance outlook for the rest of the year a bit. But that feels reasonable, given just the seasonality patterns that I just talked about. And I would also say, George, there are a couple pretty straightforward reasons that we didn’t take up or adjust, let’s say, the issuance guidance. One, yes, there were some green shoots, but I think we just decided it’s just too early for us to change our full year issuance outlook. January and February were good months. March was choppy. And second, we’ve got plenty of headline risk with three quarters to go. We saw that in March with the banking sector. We still got the debt ceiling to navigate. So we just thought it was -- it’s too early to make a change. And I guess just kind of then thinking about what are we seeing at the moment, I’d say markets are pretty constructive. We’re going to see how corporate earnings all shake out and what the appetite is going to be for M&A. The market feels more optimistic in late April than it did in March. M&A has been sporadic. You’ve seen it more in defensive sectors. But it does feel like there’s some pent-up demand. We’re hearing bankers talk about pipelines building for the second half of the year into 2024. And look, issuance -- investment-grade issuance, while it started off quite strong, it did slow down in mid-March, given what was going on with the banks. And so, we’ll see in early May. We’ve got, I think, a fair bit of economic data that’s going to come out. And if that goes well, we may see a pickup in issuance from corporates. And the last thing I would say, George, is the banks have -- there have been windows that have allowed the banks to start clearing some of the big LBO backlog that they had sitting on their balance sheet. And so, that’s important to kind of unsticking those markets. So again, constructive tone but we’ll see.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Let me tackle this. So Jeff, first of all, good to have you on the call. Let me tackle this maybe two ways. One, just kind of how we’re thinking about the U.S. banking system; and then second, I think there’s a question about kind of what’s going on with bank lending and just give you maybe a little bit of insight into that. But on the first, MIS put some great research out on this and has been, so I would steer you to that. But a few things that our teams are focused on. They’re focused on ALM risks. They’re focused on stability of deposit funding, profitability pressures, and as you mentioned, Jeff, commercial real estate exposure. And when we think about what’s going on with lending standards, I think it’s fair to assume that bank lending standards are tightening. I think that was already going on to some extent before March. The banks are going to be the most cautious around property, land, development loans and commercial real estate more broadly, in particular, I think the office sector. Just to put it in perspective, today, U.S. banks hold about half of the U.S. commercial real estate debt outstanding. And I think smaller banks are more concentrated in commercial real estate as a percent of total capital than the larger banks. So I think you are going to see some caution there for sure. In terms of corporate credit, I would expect the tightening to be felt at the smaller end of businesses. You’re seeing that with some of the survey data that’s come out in March. When you think about commercial loans, credit cards, auto and personal loans, those will probably be less impacted just because a lot of that lending is done outside the banking system. And same with mortgage lending, while it’s impacted by interest rates, rising rates, I think it will be less impacted by what’s going on with bank lending standards, given that a lot of it’s been backstopped. So you got a sense of our exposure to banks overall. We have a business serving commercial real estate. And I will say there’s a lot of interest from banks to really get high-quality data and analytics and insights to help them really understand what they need to do around that asset class.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So, we haven’t changed any of the outlook. So for leveraged finance, we’re looking at high yield, up 25% and leveraged loans still remaining roughly flat. And I gave you a little bit of color on kind of what we’re seeing in the market. Hopefully, that gives you some sense.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Craig, the one other thing maybe I’ll add just in thinking about our outlook, which is unchanged is just maybe how can you think about puts and takes just around leveraged finance. And I think in general, leveraged finance probably represents the potential for the most upside to our outlook. Just if we -- if these markets start functioning robustly again, my sense is there’s lots of dry powder and pent-up demand. We might see an uptick in sponsor-driven M&A activity. We don’t have a particularly -- we don’t have an aggressive forecast for M&A built into our outlook. So if we see that pick up, we could see some upside to how we’re thinking about it.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sorry, indeed, we were. It was such a great answer, too. Sorry. So maybe a couple of ways to think about that. One, I think there is an opportunity for us to continue to really drive penetration of the addressable market. You talked about PassFort. And that is really the front end, the workflow for us. So now we’ve got an opportunity, like we do in banking and insurance, we’ve got a workflow platform that now allows us to integrate our data, our analytics, our models all into a holistic solution. And so, that’s a new opportunity for us, and we’re seeing a good bit of enthusiasm from our customers around us. As you think about the growth drivers within the market, I’d say there are a couple of things. One, there’s still a lot of KYC that’s being done in-house at financial institutions and companies. So there’s just, I think, a very big opportunity to automate KYC, workflow within financial institutions. That still remains a significant opportunity. But the other thing that’s going on is this is broadening from know-your-customer to know-your-counterparty. And eventually, I’m going to have to come up with a better name. One of the trends we’re seeing is around, I’d say, more broadly around third-party risk management. So this is -- I want to do some form of diligence to better understand who I’m doing business with. We’re certainly seeing that with supply chain where customers are coming to us and saying, "hey, while we don’t have all the pieces, we do give customers the ability to get a much better sense of supplier risk." And so, that’s one thing that’s, I think, kind of broadening this market and supporting growth. In fact, we just did a survey about something like 70% of firms that we surveyed were increasing their focus and spend in the space around supply chain. So, hopefully that gives you a sense.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So Russell, it’s Rob. There is really kind of no change to, I think, either the pricing opportunity or our approach to pricing either in MIS or MA. And let me just kind of recap for just a second. On some of our previous calls, I did mention in MIS, as we do every year, last year, we conducted a detailed review of our pricing across sectors and regions. Again, that’s what we always do. Based on that work, we anticipated that the rate of increase in list prices for 2023 would reflect a bit more of an increase. That said, our actual pricing realization really, as it always does, then depends on issuance mix because we do not just apply an increase kind of ratably across the entire customer base. So, I can’t really get into more detail than that. I’m sure you can appreciate that but I am comfortable with our pricing opportunity for 2023 within that broader 3% to 4% opportunity across the firm.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Russell, I think this is why we’re trying to be really clear about what do our ESG and climate solutions really measure. And I almost feel like there’s a little bit of an ESG 2.0 moment going on across the industry because that’s what customers are asking. What do your scores actually measure? So let me start with what we’re doing in the rating agency. You’ve heard me talk about, we’ve rolled out over 10,000, and the name is important, Credit Impact Scores. So we have met with all of our issuers and had a dialogue with them about how E, S, and G factors impact their credit profile. We’ve been very clear because that’s something that investors wanted to understand. So there’s a very clear linkage between those scores and how we think about credit rating. And they’re not new. We have always considered ESG factors in credit ratings. It’s just we haven’t made it as transparent as we are now doing. The second thing is there’s a desire to really integrate ESG and climate considerations into a broad range of processes all around the firm. And one thing that we’ve heard from our customers is, hey, I need to get a sense of my supply chain, but I’ve got 30,000 entities that -- or customers, tens and tens and tens of thousands of entities. So it’s not just scores on public companies, but it’s how do I get a better sense, a quick and dirty sense of the ESG profile of who I’m doing business with, of who my suppliers are. And the third thing I would say, Russell, is -- and this is in part why we made the significant investment in RMS is because I think there is a lot of immediacy around understanding the impact of extreme weather and climate change on physical risk. So, there’s two things our customers we hear a lot about. Please help us understand and quantify physical risk relating to weather and climate, and please help us understand the financial implications of carbon transition. And so again, that is the positioning that we’re taking is really focusing on the financial quantification of those factors for our customers and then integrating that into a broad range of the workflows that we support for our customers.
Rob Fauber: Manav, let me start with RMS, and I’ll just kind of recap 2022 and how we’re thinking about 2023. But in general, I would say we feel very good about our ongoing synergy and integration efforts. And we are very excited about the value of the data, the analytics and the expertise of the team. So last year, we achieved mid-single-digit sales growth. That was what we were targeting. This year, inclusive of synergies, and those are important, we expect to get that sales growth to high single digit for the year. I would also -- while we’re on the topic of RMS, we’ve also invested to accelerate the build-out of that intelligent risk cloud-based platform that I mentioned. And the reason -- one of the reasons that’s so important is, when we’re rolling out something like Climate on Demand, where there’s a lot of near-term customer demand for something like that by having that cloud-based platform, it was very easy for us to roll that out and get that launched. We’ve also been able to launch our ESG for underwriting offering, and we’re just in the process now -- we just had our first customer win for a new net zero underwriting module. So you heard me talk about understanding physical risk, integrating ESG, understanding the impact of carbon transition. All three of those things are things that are supporting both -- that we’re doing in terms of product development and supporting sales growth at RMS.
Rob Fauber: And Manav, one other thing I’ll steer everybody to. In a couple of weeks, we’ve got our annual conference called Exceedance. I think it’s the second week of May. And so, if you want to learn a little bit more about what RMS is doing, we’re going to have several important product launches and partnerships that we’re going to announce that week. So, that’s a good opportunity for people to dial in and learn more.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Simon, it’s Rob also. Just I think your question was in regards to Moody’s M&A, right? Yes. Yes, I thought so. So just on that topic, we’re -- as I’ve always said, we have a great team. We have well-defined growth road maps that are informed by customer needs, market trends. And it’s interesting because when you have a meaningful kind of dislocation like we had in the markets last year, oftentimes, you’ll see kind of a disconnect between buyer and seller expectations. And it takes some time to kind of be able to bridge that gap. Unless you’ve got sellers who have a capital structure or some other trigger that is forcing them to sell, oftentimes, what we’ll see in our space is folks will sit on the sidelines until valuations improve. And it’s interesting because we have seen kind of a bifurcation in valuations between high-growth companies that are profitable, which are still commanding a premium; high-growth companies that are unprofitable, less so, and lower growth companies. And so, I think that kind of informs -- starts to inform buyer and seller expectations.
Rob Fauber: Okay. So thanks, everybody. We appreciate you joining us on today’s call, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Take care.
Alex Kramm: Just wanted to come back to the regional bank discussion from earlier. I heard your comments on MA. I probably agree that it could be an opportunity in the future. But would also ask that same question on MIS. Maybe it’s not as simple of an answer. But if regional banks are having more stress, more regulations to them -- coming to them, just wondering if you think there could be an opportunity actually that some of that bank lending actually goes into the capital markets like we’ve seen over many decades, and you cited it for Europe but maybe even in the U.S. Now, I understand their lending is a little bit more smaller ticket sizes, right, mid-market, but wondering if there could be some opportunities there. And then also maybe even some opportunities in structured as some of these banks are trying to figure out how to deal with these new regulations coming down the pipe potentially. So, any early looks would be great.
Alex Kramm: I know it’s late in the call but just a quick follow-up on the MA margin. I think you said something about flat in the second quarter. I’m sorry if I missed this. And I assume, looking at your guidance, that we should get some nice inflection then in the back half. Maybe ended like 33% or so in the 4Q. Is that a good run rate then to think about next year? I know it’s early, but maybe just talk a little bit more about the MA margin if you haven’t addressed it. Thanks.
Alex Kramm: And then just maybe while I’m on here, on the ARR side, I think again, maybe this is just the currency, et cetera, but like I think the dollar amount of ARR actually dropped quarter-over-quarter. I’m not sure if you addressed that but maybe just flush it out as well.
