Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Liz. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining in today's call. I'll begin our remarks by summarizing Moody’s third quarter and year-to-date 2010 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I'll then speak to recent developments in the legislative and regulatory area and finish with comments on Moody's business initiatives and outlook for 2010. After our prepared remarks we'd be happy to respond to your questions. Moody’s results for the third quarter reflecting strong performance at Moody’s Investor Service associated with robust capital market issuances as well as, steady growth for Moody’s Analytics. Total revenue was $513 million up 14% from the third quarter of 2009. Operating income for the third quarter was $189 million an increase of 10% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $0.58 included a one-time tax benefit of $0.07 associated with foreign earnings. Excluding minor restructuring related adjustments in both years, diluted EPS for the quarter of $0.58 grew by 35% year-over-year. Turning to year-to-date performance, revenue for the first nine months of 2010 totaled $1.45 billion, a 12% increase over the same period in 2009. Expenses were $892 million, up 11% from the prior year period, and operating income of $576 million increased 13%. Revenue at Moody’s Investors Service for the first nine months of 2010 was $1 billion, an increase of 15% from the prior year period. Moody’s Analytics revenue is $445 million, 5% higher than the prior year period. Based on year-to-date performance and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are raising our full-year 2010 EPS guidance to a range of $1.90 to $1.96, from the prior range of $1.75 to $1.85. I will now turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: I do seeing that part of this is a mix of transaction versus recurring revenue I cannot speak to any awareness of material changes in market share. We have had strong addition of new issuers who have been seeking ratings this year both inside the US and outside the US that’s associated with increased capital market activity particularly what capital market and bank loan activity, which are tend to be smaller issuers would not as frequently be in the bond markets or in the related loan market. So we have had a good year in terms of increasing the number of new rating relationships I don’t have a comparison on that with our competitors.
Ray McDaniel: I want to offer a note of caution also in terms of the fact that the regulatory process is - well is well it is much clearer than it has been earlier this year or certainly last year, still has quite a bit of activity going into 2011 that we are going to have to be in a position to address.  As I’ve mentioned in the prepared remarks, SEC rule making in many areas hasn’t even become visible. I mean I am sure the SEC is working on it, but they have not made proposed rules public in areas that are going to affect us, we will see that in the first and second quarters of next year, because a lot of the rule making had a 12 month window after passage of Dodd-Frank. We also have the European consultation, which we expect to have released shortly, and we have banking system regulators that are looking at the use of ratings and regulations in particular and so we are assuming there are going to be increased costs and resource needs associated with some or all of this, but we don’t have a great deal of clarity yet on exactly what that maybe and as the rules and proposals are released we’ll be able to talk to you about this more intelligently.
Ray McDaniel: My view on margin structure has not changed, but we have the – if we are thinking about the increasing cost associated in particular with the Moody’s Investor Service and the internal control and reporting environment, I think what is fair to say is that, it has been extended beyond what I would have expected back on Investor Day. So there is more going on and it is going on further out in time than I would have forecasted six to nine months ago.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah, I think we have done a good job this year in forecasting what our incremental cost would be associated with the compliance. The numbers that we were talking about early in the year are numbers that are still holding today. We have the preliminary estimate of $15 million to $25 million incremental expense next year associated with regulation that is not all in compliance. Again it is spread across lines of business, the internal control functions technology. So that we are able to be incompliance with various things. But, at this point, I don’t have any reason to move off of that number. But I would feel, I will feel much more confident about that once we see proposed SEC rules early next year and understand better what the EU consultation expectations will be.
Ray McDaniel: Well, again it’s I think helpful and the Judge’s reasoning I think is something that we would cite. But other Judges in other districts are going to make their own decisions.
Ray McDaniel: I understand the curiosity Craig. I don’t think we’re going to disclose what we think our legal costs are going to be.
Ray McDaniel: Well, we don’t expect revenue in the fourth quarter to be as high as it was in the third quarter. We have had a pretty good October in terms of corporate issuance including high yield and bank loans. But the strength of the third quarter, particularly September, I think is going to be hard to duplicate.
Ray McDaniel: Okay, thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again after the first of the year. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Sure Peter, let me start with the big picture here for the third quarter of last year our total expenses were $290 million and for the third quarter of this year as we have said we are at about $339 million for the up-tick it’s about $50 million. I would like to explain this as about $25 million of this would be considered catch up and potentially one off and about $20 million of this is run rate.  Above $30 million of this is a combination of incentive compensation, because that is the revised guidance and we performed better than we’ve expected and profit sharing. So just going with the first part in incentive compensation we’ve spoke about $75 million so far for the year for incentive compensation, so you can think about it above $25 million a quarter. We also said about a $3 million to be submit for profit sharing, we also then had higher cost as we said in professional services, which includes IT regulatory and legal of about $11.5 million. So we would hope that we don’t have to see that again and of course, the incentive compensation true up would also be one-time. So to be approximately, $50 million increase about half of this is one-time. Now on the run rate, it’s important to understand that we’ve got something here that are going to continue on. Primarily, we have increase headcount by about 7% and we’ve also have mere increases and we’ve had higher Moody’s Analytics commissions. All of which are good because many of this increase is regarding revenue. All of those changes are about $20 million for the third quarter year-over-year. So Peter, I hope that explains the expense increase in the two components you’re looking for.
Linda Huber: Right, I think the important thing to note here Peter is that many of these people are going to Moody’s Analytics as we have said and a number of the people are going to lower cost stuff areas as we look to make sure that the analysts have a reasonable work load under the new regulatory regime. So it would be those things, should also be noted that a number of these divisions are outside the US I opposed to within the US. So some of them are in fact at lower cost, but we are doing exactly what we said, we would do over the course of the year.
Linda Huber: Okay. Let me take a shot at this Michael and then I’ll let Ray comment further. If you look at our operating income is $188.9 million and you add that to $13 million and extraordinary incentive compensation and profit sharing, which I explained it gets about $202 million of operating income, which takes your margin to a little over 39% and as I said we’ve had an overage in professional services at about $11.5 million of that you get to something like $213 million or margin back over 41%.  So we could see that that this can be reached, but given what we’ve given just right now to build into this regulatory requirements as we’ve said we’re going to ramp expenses throughout the year and we haven’t reached the full run rate yet on those so hope that illustrates that we can get there, but unfortunately not quite yet for this quarter.
Linda Huber: Sure, you are right, we’ll probably get to the details here on transaction versus relationship, for the third quarter for structured just that you have the top line Michael transaction was 47%, relationship was 53%. I think the your second theory there on the slow decline is the correct one, and we will see somewhat of a decline as the stock of those structured revenue comes down.  However, in terms of total recurring revenues, we have had obviously a massive influxes corporate ratings, which needs to be monitored and so we will have additional recurring monitoring fees that go with those new corporate ratings. So overall we will see a net increase in our total recurring revenues, but you are right that structure will have a small ramp down.
Linda Huber: Well sure. As I was just saying to Michael for Q3 Craig, the ratings first with transaction and then with relationship it’s 47 versus 53 for structured but corporate we play on a very strong issue this quarter 74% transaction, 26% relationship.  Financial institution 37% transaction and 63% relationship and public project and infrastructure finance 60% transaction and 40% relationship. So for the rating agency as a whole 58% transaction, 42% relationship, from Moody’s Analytics we are running 14% transaction and 86% relationship, so for the corporation as a whole 45% transaction and 55% relationship.
Linda Huber: Sure, financial institutions the banking revenue was 70% of total FIG revenue for Q3, insurance was 25% and management investments was 5%, and then going on to PPIF, PFG and Sarbanes were 30%, the structured finance was 8% and project and infrastructure was 42%. And I think we get structure let me see if we can find that for you Craig. For structured for Q3 33%, after tax 12%, R&D at mortgages, covered bonds 11%, commercial real estate 17% and derivatives 27%.
Linda Huber: Yeah, as in fact Mr. Appert has noted in his writings this morning, it does include that $0.07 tax benefit.
Linda Huber: Brian its Linda its probably worth noting that, roughly 300 people that we’ve hired two-thirds of those are within analytics and rating agency and less than a third are within the staff, of those in the staffs, I don’t want you to have the wrong impression, the compliance team would be a small portion of that, but certainly not the majority, a lot of these hires are in middle office, IT and other support functions, so I just want to make sure you don’t come away with that thinking we’re hiring hundreds of people in compliance, because we are not.
Linda Huber: Sure, let me talk a little bit about that. The total non-op expenses for the third quarter, let’s start with interest expense. One thing I might want to note that interest on our borrowings have gone up, because we have got our new $500 million bond deal in there with a 5.5% coupon on it. So you want to think about total interest expense, it’s about $13 million. Now it is better on FX line and we have got some income from our JVs offsetting that. So, in the third quarter you want to call it an expensive $8 million to $9 million and we got that as an exhibit to earnings release. You can take a look at that.
Linda Huber: They are good Craig. For the first quarter of 2010, it was 20.8 instead of compensation. In the second quarter it was 18.3, and for the third quarter it’s 35.5. So, we review that as about a $10.5 million catch up on the incentive accrual, because obviously the company has performed above our forecast and we’ve raised guidance. A little chunk of the previous $13 million number I have mentioned is profit sharing, which also given the kind of year we’re having looks likes it’s likely to kick in. Compare that to last year the pattern was different, Q1 of last year was about $9 million, Q2 was $14.5 million, and Q3 was $25 million. So this year we’re running at about $75 million all in, which is healthy increase to where we were last year. So, as I said for this year $75 million so far, averaging $25 million a quarter. So you might want to think about that for the fourth quarter.
Raymond McDaniel: Just a little more color on that, Peter. The hiring that is going on, on the Moody’s Analytics side has been both for our software development activities outside the US, but also importantly for sales. And we have talked in some of our previous calls about the fact that the customer base for Moody’s Analytics has been shifting somewhat from the very large institutions that we have always served to small and more regional institutions, which requires more selling capacity to be able to get to those institutions so that’s part of the hiring on that side.  And as Linda noted, there continues to be hiring for the full range of internal controls compliance legal technology audit associated with moving Moody’s Investor Service into a more fully regulated environment. It just requires changes to work processes documentation reporting that require incremental resource.
Raymond McDaniel: I believe we are going to have to continue to ramp it up further, how much we have to do so, will depend on the actual SEC and then European Union rules that we’re operating under next year and 2012. We have been hiring in the compliance area I would say on a reasonably steady basis. We didn’t try to concentrate hiring in any one quarter. Although with the passage of Dodd-Frank there has been more clarity around, but some of our obligations and responsibilities are going to be, and so we have been active in the hiring in the third quarter.
Raymond McDaniel: No, I think it’s also important to understand that when we talk about complying with a new regulatory environment, some of that compliance is our people who are working in the lines of business and the operating Moody’s Investor Service business where work processes and work flows and documentation have changed. So it wouldn’t all be in a staff function even if some of it relates to regulatory changes.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, those discussions have been going on for a long time and I imagine it will continue to go on for a long time.
Raymond McDaniel: Given the interim solution that the SEC put in place, we really didn’t see any material impact, I don’t think. If the SEC had not acted, I think it’s more likely that we would have seen a material impact, because of the changes that would have that the rules would have had on the ability to issue a certain classes of securities, at least public securities. : I think that we have seen market participants having to make changes to how they are planning to bring securities to market in the structured finance area, how they interact with rating agencies to some extent and also questioning what the final solution with respect to 436(g) will be and the impact that that would have in 2011. But I don’t think it has had a material impact for 2010.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, there was a ruling earlier this week by a Judge in California, which granted our motion to dismiss with prejudice, claims from a plaintiff of intentional and negligent misrepresentation this is called the rights case. And we obviously were pleased that the motion to dismiss was granted and we think that the Judge correctly applied the law. It is a federal court, not a state court and so, for example with respect to the CalPERS litigation, I think the Judge’s decision not may very well prove to be helpful, but it is in federal court not the state court. With respect to the litigation more broadly, there is not anything material to report at this point. In total, we’ve had, I think it’s 17 cases dismissed, ratings related cases dismissed since the beginning of the financial crisis and we certainly expect that number to continue to rise. But I don’t have anything else to report at this point.
