Rob Fauber: Yeah. So for 2020, like we were -- like we talked about and we were asked the same question a year ago, in October. We like to get to the end of the year, so we can see where the current year issuance ends up. And then be able to triangulate both our own bottoms-up build. And forecast with what we're seeing from The Street, in terms of their forecast. So, that said, as really for the last two years we see both tailwinds and headwinds to issuance. We got low -- very low benchmark rates obviously, but amidst a weaker global macro backdrop. And that leads us to kind of think that issuance, could be at roughly similar levels in 2020 as to what we've seen this year. But I'd also say, as we've seen in recent years, the mix of issuance, is also quite important to our overall revenues. And we may be able to see our way towards mid-single-digit growth in issuance next year, if we see a few things, heading into the end of this year and into next year. And that includes the escalation of the U.S. China trade tensions that I think would remove a key threat to global growth. A slightly more settled picture in Europe and that includes resolution of the Brexit uncertainty. And an improvement in growth sentiments, amidst what is clearly some accommodative monetary policy. And also the potential for more pull forward from the existing maturity walls. So we're going to be looking to see whether this gets us more comfortable with growth particularly, in the corporate market. And of course, the downside risks around global recession end of cycle concerns any kind of risk of sentiment or widening of spreads, could provide some headwinds. So, we'll provide a more fulsome view on our next earnings call. But that's kind of a -- out of saddle reaction.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. So, it's a small minority investment. It's really at the intersection of our efforts in both China and ESG. China is the second largest green bond market globally, after the U.S. It's over $40 billion of issuance last year. And the government there recently announced some new requirements for publicly listed companies to make disclosures around ESG risks starting in 2020. So, SingTel is a provider of ESG and green finance data and analytics. They're normally based in China, but they're focused on China. They collect currently data on over 1,200 listed Chinese companies and that number is growing. They were in fact the first Chinese signatory of the UN's principles for responsible investment. So, this investment I think is going to help SingTel accelerate its coverage and adoption in the Chinese market and its ability to serve Chinese market participants. And it's also going to enhance Moody's global ESG offerings. It is going to give us access to what we think is going to be some pretty valuable and rich Chinese content sets around ESG. We see the green finance market as an important one in China. As I said, it's a clear policy focus. The data and analytics market serving that is in its infancy. So we're pretty excited about getting into this market in the kind of nascent stages with a -- what we think is a prominent Chinese player much like we did with CCXI years ago in the rating business.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Bill, it's Rob. And one thing I -- distinction I wanted to draw between what we've done with Moody's Local and the earlier question with CCXI and the branding. These are wholly-owned subsidiaries that we have in Latin America. So, we've decided to take a bit of a new approach in the region around the domestic bond markets, because -- and it's interesting you look at the overall rating opportunity in Latin America, a meaningful part of that is coming from the domestic bond markets. So we rebranded as Moody's Local and the focus is going to be providing as the name says, local ratings in local language to meet specific local needs. And we think that is going to help us better capture this domestic rating revenue opportunity across the region. I would say, the Moody's Local platform itself in terms of revenues is quite small. The Latin America -- the overall Latin America for MIS is actually a fairly small part of the overall total of our revenues. But the first step here was the repositioning of the equilibrium businesses. And I think you're going to see us continue to expand on that platform in the coming 12 to 24 months to best serve that market.
Rob Fauber: Exactly. Maybe just to build on that a little bit that's exactly right, Ray. In some ways this is a good investment as R&D into the rating agency and we've rolled out some new tools, corporate governance and carbon transition assessment tools that are topic and sector-specific. And when we think that meets the needs of fixed income investors. And then, I think Ray is right. I mean we're going to be monetizing this both through the businesses that we've acquired, but also through the integration of the data and the analytics in products in services in both MA and MIS. Maybe just to spotlight a little bit. And there's also the growth of what I think I'll call the labeled bond market started as the green bond market, but really has gone beyond that into -- more broadly into sustainability. And that market has been growing quite rapidly. So label bond volumes are going to hit something like $280 billion of issuance this year. Something like $220 billion, $230 billion of that is in green bonds and another $40 billion to $50 billion is in social and sustainability. So that's an emerging area. And then you've got sustainability in green-linked loans. And that's probably something like another $70 billion. So you can see your way to about $350 billion of this labeled bond issuance. And there are few drivers for that you've got investor demand for ESG compliant securities. You've got the market focus on climate risk and you've got issuers also wanting to demonstrate their own sustainability credentials. So we think we're really well placed in this market with the Vigeo Eiris acquisition, because that's given us a leadership position in the label bond space that we're going to continue to build on. Just to give you a sense through the first three quarters of this year, we signed a little over a 100 second-party opinion mandates Vigeo Eiris did 53 all of last year. In this past quarter, we actually -- Vigeo Eiris actually issued a second-party opinion on the first gender bond in Latin America. And that's going to finance winter-led SMEs in Panama. So in general, we're pretty excited about the opportunity in front of us. To leverage all of this I think we should see some growth. But as Ray said, it's fragmented and we're going to have to see how the market evolves over the next one, two, three years.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Sure, Ray. So in the U.S., I'd say, that in the investment-grade market we're still seeing pretty strong investor appetite. You saw earlier this week a mid-sized acquisition finance deal get done that was heavily oversubscribed. So that's good to see. My sense is, we're going to have active weeks heading into Thanksgiving here in the United States. I'd say the same for investment grade in Europe, pretty strong pipeline. We've got U.S. issuers also looking to tap the euro market, given where rates are there. For leveraged finance, really both in the U.S. and Europe, we've seen some bifurcation of market sentiments. So you've got very strong demand for the larger more well-known spec grade issuers in that Ba category. And you can see that with the Ba index at record lows in terms of yield. We saw a recent print in Europe for a Ba2 name, it was the lowest coupon ever in the high-yield space. So, in general, I'd expect issuance to continue in November and early December. Ray talked about the pull forward. There's also the potential, I guess, that some deals in the pipeline could slide into Q1. Just given the expectation for accommodative conditions to continue well into next year. So the other thing I would mention is that in the U.S. public finance market, which is -- we saw very good issuance this quarter that continues to be active. And we're seeing this trend of taxable refunding because you've got very low funding costs and that means the economics are favoring the refunding of tax exempt debt with taxable debt. So if we see that keep up that could provide maybe some upside to our outlook.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. The other thing I'd add just to clarify, I think our initial thinking where we sit now is more around flattish for next year. And when I commented on mid-single-digit it was -- what would you have to believe to be able to get there.
Ray McDaniel: No. It really doesn't. Our strategy is built with a long-term view. The initiatives that we have been pursuing are tightly aligned with that strategy. And so -- while we're enjoying favorable market conditions now the investment is really looking into the longer-term future, whether it's organic or the inorganic opportunities we've seen. So, it's very much stay the course approach.
Ray McDaniel: Right now as far as we're concerned the investment in CCXI is the most favorable approach for us in domestic China. And CCXI has a very well-known brand in China. I would also emphasize that the Chinese character of the joint venture, I think is an important element of our investment there. And so I would anticipate using the CCXI brand for the foreseeable future whether we retain our current stake or change the level of our investment.
Ray McDaniel: Well there are number of puts and takes as you might imagine. But I'll turn this over to Mark Kaye for some color commentary.
Ray McDaniel: Well, I think it's important to remember that over the last decade the business model for the ratings industry has been examined very closely. And it's been looked at by regulatory authorities in multiple jurisdictions. And certainly scrutinized by the SEC. And in that context, the conclusion that the existing business model was the best for all market participants. And that the emphasis should be on transparency and compliance with regulation and inspection and review to assure that that compliance occurs was really determined to be the best outcome for all market participants. I have -- those of you who've been on this call in past years, I have always acknowledged that there are conflicts of interest inherent with the business model as there are with many, many business models in different industries. The conflicts of interest have to be managed, that's why we have public disclosure of our methodologies which market participants can review. They can see whether they agree or disagree with our analytical approach. And they can see whether we're adhering to the analytical approach that we have published. So, the business model allows for us to engage in a very important public good, which is the free simultaneous release of credit ratings to all market participants big or small. There is no other model that allows for that. And so, we emphasize the managing of the conflict of interest that is inherent in the business and the public good that comes from that. Unless we can find someone, who really doesn't care about our conclusions or our research or our analysis and still wants to write us a check, we're not going to be able to find a business model that doesn't have some conflicts.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Reis is performing very much as we expected. But I'll just remind you that we recognized when we acquired Reis that that was a business that did require some work and some effort particularly around product strategy. We've done a tremendous amount of work there. We feel like we are moving forward nicely. One of the things we're very excited about in Reis is that, as we're spending more time with more customers in the commercial real estate space, it's very clear that there is a lot of demand for better data solutions and more advanced analytical tools. And that's exactly why we bought Reis because we thought that they provided the data foundation to which we could apply our analytical skills and really upgrade the practice of risk management in commercial real estate. So it's moving very much as we expected. We remain bullish and excited about the business. We think there's a big opportunity there. But frankly there's a lot of work for us yet to do there. We've accomplished a lot but still there's a lot on our to-do list.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Let me start and then I'll see if my colleagues want to add anything. When we're looking at the ESG space. First of all were looking at a much more fragmented market than some of the core markets that we operate in. So there are large number of competitors. There are not a lot of established standards. There is a move towards standards that I think is going to be helpful for the ESG sector. And looking at ESG, I think it's very important obviously, to separate out the E from the S from the G. We have made efforts, particularly in the environmental area. Although, Vigeo Eiris in particular, provide some broader ESG assessment rather than just environmental. But SingTel and Four Twenty Seven are more in the environmental sector. And also support other work that we're doing and other products that we're developing whether it's in Moody's Analytics or Moody's Investors Service. So you can see that Four Twenty Seven for example, aligns very nicely with some of our commercial real estate efforts both in the Rating agency and in Moody's Analytics. I would also point out just to temper expectations that we are looking at markets that in some ways are just beginning to monetize. And what those addressable markets will ultimately become has fair amount of uncertainty around it. Nonetheless, and one of the reasons why we're bullish about this is that, regardless of how each sector in the ESG space might evolve. We think there is a relevance to the other work we do in our core businesses so that the investments will not be stranded no matter what.
Ray McDaniel: So, in MA, I would just make a couple of notes. We continue to deliver consistent and gradual margin expansion in MA. With this latest quarter, we've now delivered nine consecutive quarters of margin expansion both on a trailing 12 months and on a year-on-year basis. And over that period of nine quarters, we've taken the margin up by more than 500 basis points. So, we're very happy with what we've done there. We're doing it in a number of different ways. We're -- certainly as MA grows, we're seeing operating leverage come through. Also we are realizing the positive margin impact from ongoing adjustments we're making in our product portfolio. And third we continue to execute on operational improvements across the business. We think we're disciplined business people and we would expect to continue to apply rigor to our oversight of the operation. So, we see a number of things contributing to margin expansion and we're going to continue to be working at all of them.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean CCXI is a separate company. We are a 30% investor. So, obviously, a minority shareholder in CCXI. We don't have management control. We are not directing the ratings that is being done on the ground by employees at CCXI who are not Moody's employees. So, in that respect you should think of us as a financial investor in the entity. We're obviously happy to provide assistance where it's appropriate to do so. But that's not in the form of controlling ratings or research for the entity. They have done well in the domestic market in terms of their performance, as we all know the ratings of the domestic market -- rating agencies in China are generally higher than what you would see from the international rating agencies providing ratings on a global scale. But in that context what I would emphasize is the importance of correctly force ranking the credits that are receiving ratings. So, the lower end of the rating spectrum has the higher default risk entities and the upper end has the lower default risk entities almost regardless of the absolute levels that those ratings are assigned. So, I think that's what we look for, at least, in the early stages of the development of that domestic market to see that domestic rating industry is doing a good job of that forced ranking.
Ray McDaniel: Rob offered I think some very good thoughts on this earlier in the call. But what we're seeing obviously is an accommodative environment for debt issuance. There are limits to the positive attributes of low interest rates, especially as we look outside the United States where negative interest rates are increasingly important feature of the debt markets. And I would observe that the reason for negative interest rates is I would actually characterize negative interest rates as a headwind as opposed to a tailwind, because it's a policy and market response to expectations for very low or negative growth. And so -- while low interest rates are positive, this trend to ultra-low rates and negative rates, I think, we would have to count -- I would at least count it as a headwind. That being said, the default rate is low. It continues -- average, even though it's going to uptick in our view in 2020. It's still going to be, if our forecast is correct, conducive of good market activity. What will be very interesting to see in 2020 is whether this favorable mix in debt issuance that we've seen in 2019 continues. Obviously, the infrequent issuers acting opportunistically have been a characteristic of the 2019 debt market profile. And we will be very interested observers as to whether that mix that we've seen this year continues in 2020 or shifts to more frequent issuers, less opportunistic refinancing, et cetera.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean, there are a number of puts and takes to this as you would expect. And Mark Kaye offered some commentary earlier about the impact of FX, the divestiture of Max. And I would add to that, that we're hopeful and expect that we're going to have a solid quarter for the fourth quarter. The early numbers on October are encouraging. And as Mark said, those early numbers, although they are preliminary, are leaning us more to the upper end of that $8.05 to $8.20 range. If we're looking for what could go wrong as opposed to what could go right, I would have to say that if we saw a pull forward into the September-October period from what would've come in November and December, we may not see as much strength as people are anticipating for closing out the year. So the amount of opportunistic financing that goes on in these last couple of months is obviously an important factor. So I'll leave it at that unless Mark Kaye wants to add anymore. And so…
Ray McDaniel: Yes. No, I mean, it certainly could. We can continue to have strength in the form of opportunistic refinancing, especially by infrequent issuers that would be very beneficial for the business. The timing of some of the product sales on the Moody's Analytics side can be influential and could help the fourth quarter. Maybe, Rob wants to offer a couple of comments on what the pipeline looks like. That might be helpful.
Ray McDaniel: No, I think that the impact of pricing – well, first of all when we talked about three points of contribution from price that's assuming a static debt market profile both in terms of the issuance volumes and the mix of frequent and infrequent issuers. So when we see growth, for example, in infrequent issuers we get more benefit because they are being priced on a transactional basis as opposed to on a long-term basis. And that's why the pricing even though we can talk about pricing at a relatively -- in a relatively simple way, it's impacted potentially materially up or down by both issuance and by mix because some of the pricing does relate to bonds actually being issued. And so if they're not, there's no price impact. So I don't see any change in course around that in 2020. And we'll have to watch carefully to see what the insurance levels and mix are and the impact on price from that.
Ray McDaniel: I think the biggest factor that would prevent that would be the relatively higher growth rate year-on-year coming out of Moody's Analytics. And Moody's Analytics well, obviously, it's been consistently expanding margins over the last few years. It's still a lower margin business than the credit rating agency. So its accelerated growth should act to keep margins from expanding too aggressively.
Ray McDaniel: Yeah. I mean we have a very robust business in the cross-border bond market coming out of China. Not surprisingly this is with China's largest corporate and financial institutions for the most part including both private and state-owned enterprises. We continue to get new rating mandates coming from China that has been a steady stream. And just to try and balance that commentary a little. If China is going to have some relative sluggishness in its economic growth and I emphasize relative because it's pretty good by global standards obviously. That may slow at least cyclically some of the cross-border activity coming out of China both for new rating mandates and for entities that are already rated and thinking about whether they want to raise additional debt. So we'll just have to watch that and see. Obviously having the trade negotiations completed in some kind of a positive way would be helpful to the global economy. It would also be helpful to the Chinese economy. And as a result, I think helpful to our cross-border business.
Ray McDaniel: With respect to the ESG space, I don't think it is going to be large enough over a three-year period that in and of itself it's going to turn the dial for the organization. I think it's going to enhance the relevance of a number of our products and our credit ratings and research and analysis. But even if there is good robust growth in these sectors that have not yet really monetized themselves. I think that's going to be a longer-term process in terms of actually turning the dial for Moody's Corporation as a whole.
Ray McDaniel: China, I guess, would be a little more of a wildcard. Certainly, the domestic bond market in China is large and the demand for analytical products and solutions that come out of Moody's Analytics that come out of -- increasingly come out of Moody's Investors Service is there. So it's really a question of how we're participating. And keeping in mind that fully participating in that market is participating in the domestic market for domestic investors. The domestic market for international investors looking to put capital to work in China and the true cross-border market. And we're focused on all three, the domestic market through CCXI and the other markets on our own.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. First of all, I want to thank everyone for joining. And secondly, I want to thank Mark Almeida for many decades of very skillful service on behalf of Moody's. I thank Mark for myself personally for the leadership team really for the organization as a whole. He has been a tremendous executive for us, has kept in the growth of Moody's Analytics for the last 12 plus years -- service before that. And has just consistently provided outstanding work as an executive and he's been a great friend. So, thank you very much Mark. And we appreciate your help with this transition and the best to you going forward.
Mark Kaye: I think there are really two that we want to keep in here -- in mind here Toni. First is FX. We are incurring roughly a $0.04 headwind from our FX assumption as of the end of September visited the comparable period last year. The delay in Max is probably worth another $0.01 or so. And then as we look at results emerge or early indications of results emerging in the month of October, we feel probably more comfortable saying that we're in that upper probably 1/3 of the guidance range, where we anticipate completing the year.
Mark Kaye: As relates to the license delivery in ERS, we don't specifically break out that. I wouldn't say it is material enough to influence the directional guidance the numbers that we provided.
Mark Kaye: I'll start with the broader view for MCOs and I'm going to ask Mark Almeida to talk about MA specifically. As we sort of think about margins both for the third quarter and year-to-date, there's really two items that are worth keeping in mind. First is margin expansion in the third quarter would have been 260 basis points on an organic basis. The inorganic acquisitions and ongoing investments that we've made in year-to-date and obviously in the third quarter. It really impacts the margin negatively by around 70 bps. The second thing I'd keep in mind is sort of FX movements across time periods they tend to swing margins in different directions depending on the rates and the underlying movements themselves. As I try to think forward, margins are principally driven by underlying growth in the business itself. And that's really been the primary driver of the performance this quarter and certainly is our expectation to be the primary driver of performance in the -- in future periods. And then lastly, we do have the opportunity not necessarily through margins, but through ongoing capital management activities to use the tools that we have to drive our EPS growth and accretion. You've certainly seen us take some of those steps with the management of our debt and interest rate portfolio in the first three quarters of 2019.
Mark Kaye: Thanks Craig. Incentive compensation for the third quarter of 2019 was $65 million. The comparable number for the third quarter of 2018 was $43 million. From an expense ramp perspective, from the first to the fourth quarter of 2019, we're expecting less than $10 million. And we do expect that obviously fourth quarter expenses to be below both the second and third quarter level as we start to realize savings from the restructuring program and other cost control initiatives.
Mark Kaye: Shlomo, thanks for the question. Our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. I think this is a reflection of consistency in the way that we manage our cash repatriation efforts as well as an evaluation of our global cash needs. Let's make the point that we do expect the $300 million differential to be incremental for 2020 and we'll finalize the exact amount later this year when we give that guidance.
Mark Kaye: Sure. I'd definitely think negative interest rates from a individual treasure perspective, provide an interesting opportunity to manage one's own debt portfolio. We have seen a lot of reverse Yankee issuance taking place certainly earlier this year. So you can see treasurers actively engaged in that market. And then, of course, being able to bring it back to the U.S. to deploy potentially higher-yielding opportunities. It is something we look at. Maybe to pivot again back to the way that we think about capital management here, really first and foremost they're investing in growth opportunities as Ray mentioned reinvestment acquisitions. And then to the extent that we don't have additional opportunities for growth. Either they don't meet our strategic objectives or which don't meet our financial hurdles to return that capital back to shareholders either through dividends or through share repurchase. It's not just a matter of raising capital, it's making sure we have good use for that capital.
