Ray McDaniel: Thank you, Mark. This concludes our prepared remarks. Joining Mark and me in a virtual format for the question-and-answer session are Rob Faber, our Chief Operating Officer; and special guests, Steve Tulenko and Mike West, the Presidents of MA and MIS respectively. We'd be pleased to take your questions.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Hi, Alex. It's Ray. There are obviously many narratives given the uncertainty that we have but I think there is a higher probability to the narrative that you just explained and is generally being assigned to that storyline in the market today. I think coming out of this with the banks going into the situation in much better shape than they were in during the financial crisis. The ability to supply liquidity, to allow M&A activity to move forward there will probably be distressed M&A coming out of this. The demands on the municipal sector to raise capital and a range of reasons for having debt in the market both opportunistically and out of need, I think is closer to a central case scenario as I said than I think people are generally giving credit for today.
Ray McDaniel: Obviously, at a macro level, there has been a substantial slowing of GDP growth in China similar to the decline that we're seeing now coming up in the U.S. numbers. Orders of magnitude have been similar in terms of the percent change and percent change for I think what we might consider the consensus outlook. So in that respect, we might see that the expectations for recovery we would follow fairly closely behind China having gone into this later. But again, I think at a macro level, there are expectations for a decent rebound in GDP in 2021, possibly in late 2020. I think that would impact both economies. That being said, there are elements of how the Chinese have handled the pandemic and how they are thinking about returning to a normal economy from a working standpoint than in the U.S. We're just going to have to see how some of the different approaches end up impacting the two economies because we have not taken identical approaches either to the shutdowns, handling the shutdowns or the reopening at this point. So TBD I think is the fair stance for both.
Ray McDaniel: I'll just introduce the answer by, it's Ray, by saying -- we're talking about global issuance, not -- this is not an anticipation of a change in Moody's coverage of that issuance, but rather the total issuance that we anticipate seeing in the market. And that being said, it is of course rated issuance. There are parts of the debt markets that are not typically rated. So let me -- let me pass this over to Rob, I know -- I know he might have some more color on this.
Ray McDaniel: You can see it captured in the margin outlook that we have currently. When normally infrequent issuers are issuing, they are doing so generally on a transactional basis and pay transaction-based fees. The frequent issuers who actually have been the bulk of the issuers issuing very recently are more likely to be on recurring revenue plans and so we don't capture the upside or the downside to the same extent in that sector with the relationship fees or recurring revenue fees. And if any of my colleagues want to add on to that. Please do.
Ray McDaniel: Well, to some extent, Craig, that is going to be determined by what issuance activity looks like. As you know, at least on the MIS side, some of our pricing relates to things like monitoring fees and some of the pricing relates to debt issuance. So there is some relationship between pricing and issuance activities. Rob may want to comment further on that.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Just want to thank everyone for joining the call as always. We look forward to speaking to you again in the summer. And in the meantime, please, everyone stay well. Thank you.
Steve Tulenko: Yes, thanks very much. I would say that at least in my experience in renewing our accounts over the years, maybe the leading indicator, the most powerful indicator of a renewal problem is a lack of usage. I would say we have exactly the opposite going on here. Our usage levels are as high as they've ever been. In fact, we're showing 20% and 30% more usage this year than we saw at the same time last year. So quarter-on-quarter Q1 usage of our products and I mean across the board credit view The BvD products, the ERS products usage is up 20% and 30% across the board. Demand for what we do is very strong and I would say we're confident we'll renew most everybody according to schedule. There are some big macroeconomic factors that could affect the renewal yield and that's what we've tried to acknowledge in some of the slides that we presented earlier. A few of our accounts may face troubles and we wanted to acknowledge that. We see a little bit of an impact on renewal yield but that's probably measured in a point or two but not much more than that and the macroeconomy would be the biggest driver, not a lack of usage.
Steve Tulenko: Hi, Bill. I would say counter-cyclical or maybe acyclical are words that we've used over the years. The BvD growth this year has been good, very much in line with expectations that we set forth at the beginning of the year. Usage is very strong and I would say our lead flagship product ORBIS and many of the know-your-customer activities have grown in accordance with what we had expected and so going very well despite that simple problem that it's hard to go see customers right now. I'd add one more comment there, which is internally, we've found a lot of the projects we're doing with customers, the availability of the BvD Orbis product and availability of data has been very helpful because a lot of the questions people are asking right now in terms of size and scale of opportunity, size and scale of risk the BvD database has been very useful.
Steve Tulenko: Sure, it's Steve. I would say, personally, we don't see any obvious indications of real troubles in the second quarter and then I'll say we do have a little bit of seasonality in terms of the renewal base. There is a big proportion or a larger proportion of renewals due. They come due in December and January. Those are our two biggest months. We're relatively well spread throughout the year but December and January are definitely the two biggest proportionately and therefore if COVID were to have diminishing effects later on in the year would be good news for us.
Mark Kaye: Mike, it's Mark here, and thanks so much for the question and good morning. Maybe I'll talk a little bit more broadly and then I will narrow in on your questions. I think there are two pieces here. The first is as a result of obviously COVID-19. We've taken a number of actions to put in place additional cost savings asides from those that arose from our 2018-2019 restructuring program or the previously stated $30 million in the 2020 cost efficiencies. We mentioned a couple of those in this part of the prepared remarks, either due to reducing certain expenses from the implementation of social distancing. For example, moving meeting formats to be more virtual rather than in person. That obviously saves travel costs. Secondly, we have evaluated a number of our spending plans and really gone through a reprioritization process with some of the initiatives that are more infrastructural back end being delayed slightly but really making sure that we focus on the business and our customers as a priority during this time. We've also revised down with some of the operating metrics in the environment. For example, our incentive comp has come down but equally importantly, the $30 million inefficiencies that we started the year with, we continue to invest in KYC, in RDC and ESG and in China. That's really important because we want to make sure during this period we take advantage of the opportunity to continue that investment cycle. There may be one of the last quick comment I'd add. During the March 11 Investor Day we did give a margin waterfall and we spoke about a number of the attributes there. It's important just to point out that we will continue that organic investment, which does contribute to a 50 basis point reduction in our margin guidance this year so we are continuing to invest.
Mark Kaye: Thanks, Toni. I'll start with maybe by reiterating that we have not changed our long-term strategic approach to our capital allocation. And we proactively took a number of steps in the first quarter to meet what we think of as 2020 working capital needs under a stress environment. Just a quick summary of those, we drew down approximately $500 million in incremental one- to three-month CP in March, and we did cancel [indiscernible] first quarter 10b5, share repurchase program. We did issue $700 million in new 5-year senior unsecured notes. The decision to pause share repurchases was really done out of an abundance of caution given the uncertainty around the extent and duration of the virus and its impact on the global economy, and we prioritize liquidity for the time being consistent with the actions as many other companies at this point. Longer term, our plan remains to optimize our balance sheet with the first use of excess cash [indiscernible], after which we will look to return capital to our shareholders by growing the dividend and repurchasing shares. And then, I am just going to add, we don't have any plans to reduce or scale back our dividends at this point in time. Thanks, Toni.
Mark Kaye: Sure. So good morning -- good morning, George. This is Mark here. So certainly on a trailing 12-month basis, we have seen the MIS margins increase this quarter by around 180 basis points to 59.3%. We think that's a better measure to use than sort of a single quarter-on-quarter basis. We do expect issuance to generally recover later this year in the third and fourth quarter, but we don't necessarily anticipate being able to re-reach sort of the record Q1 revenue levels again this year. The MIS, the cost initiatives are similar to those that we're deploying in MA. So it's sort of a one Moody's approach. And we anticipate that it will contribute similarly to that mid-single digit expense reduction from 2019 actuals to offset our lower revenue outlook and to ensure that we are protecting our margin.
Mark Kaye: Jeff, Good morning. As part of that definitely our attribution on a core key basis, we typically look at the mix of the frequent versus the infrequent issuance and what we've observed certainly over the last month or month and a half is that mix is slightly different from what we would have assumed going into the year, primarily because the motivations of companies coming into the market to raise liquidity and capital. It's different than necessarily those of prior periods who would have come into the market to raise cash for investment or reinvestment purposes. And so I think it was worthwhile to point out that may be a subtle mix change as we go through 2020 and that's part of our incorporated guidance outlook.
Mark Kaye: Sure. Good morning -- Good morning Craig. This is Mark here. The incentive comp accrual for the first quarter was approximately $31 million. We now expect the incentive comp accrual to be approximately $25 million to $35 million per quarter as a remainder of the year compared to the $50 million per quarter guidance that we had given previously. On the expense ramp, previously we indicated a first quarter to fourth quarter expense ramp of a $20 million to $30 million increase. We are now expecting expense ramp of a $10 million to $20 million decrease for the year.
Mark Kaye: Patrick, this is Mark. We recognized $24 million this quarter in bad debt allowance, which mainly resulted from our COVID-19 exposures and impact to certain sectors geographies issuance of lower credit quality. Actually, absent the incremental bad debts accrual which was worth around three percentage points of the Q1 operating expenses, expense growth for the quarter itself would have been flat. And we proactively chose not to adjust out this item in our results.
Rob Fauber: It's Rob. We had very good recurring revenue growth in MIS. That's been supported by a couple of things. One, our standard pricing initiatives and second, ongoing monitored credit growth from first-time mandates very minimal impact from FX. Also, includes a little bit of revenue contribution now from our ESG and climate businesses. I wouldn't expect any significant change in that line. Obviously, if we see a meaningful increase in defaults we could have some attrition from rated issuers but I don't think there will be a material difference.
Rob Fauber: Toni, it's Rob. Thanks for the question. Yes, we think securitization broadly is going to be negatively impacted. It's probably in the range of 20% to 25% across most asset classes. I imagine their CLOs, we think is going to be more impacted-- more in line with what we're going to see for leveraged loans. That's really due to both the leveraged loan decline and leveraged loan supply as well as the spreads, the much wider spreads in the CLO space. The commercial real estate space is another area that we think is going to be adversely impacted so we can see CMBS will be down in the neighborhood of something like 25%. And then, the other consumer sectors I think, in general, we just anticipate a relatively slow recovery and that's going to curtail the creation of new mortgages and auto loans and in turn going to dampen the outlook for RMBS and ABS. But let me ask if Mike West wants to add to that answer.
Rob Fauber: Yes, that's exactly right. The only other thing I would add is we typically don't look at issuance in domestic markets, as well.
Rob Fauber: Yes. The other thing I'd add Ray, in addition to kind of frequency and the nature of the commercial construct. When we see issuance from existing rated issuers that tends to be more margin friendly than when we see issuance from first-time issuers. Obviously first time issuers are important because they are building the portfolio of rated credits. But the ratings, when we see issuance from those existing issuers, that tends to be again a bit more margin friendly.
Rob Fauber: Ray, I agree. And we talked about it a bit at the Investor Day call that we had a couple of months ago, I think what we're seeing is that companies and enterprises are going to want and need an even better understanding of the risk of who they're doing business with. I mean, you certainly see that now with credit, with supply chain and it's things like cyber, it's things like ESG. So that I think is very consistent with the direction that we talked about back in March about, really, global integrated risk assessment. And we're seeing -- we expect to see more demand for that than ever coming out of this crisis.
Rob Fauber: Mark, hey. It's Rob. I might have to ask you to ask the second part of that question again. But in terms of the build from issuance to revenues, no, I don't think there's anything unusual there than kind of a standard algorithm. But if you could just repeat the second part of that question.
Rob Fauber: Yes, okay. So in terms of our exposure versus perhaps others in terms of Structured Finance, look, the CLO market we expect to remain very soft over the balance of the year. That has become a more competitive rating market. So -- but I don't think broadly in terms of structured finance, we have any greater exposure by sector. Second, in terms of first-time mandates, a good number of first-time mandates historically come from leverage loan issuers. And so as we see that sector contracting the most, we expect that to have an impact on first-time mandates. I mean, I'm not sure it's really different by region. We expect first-time mandates to be down by region, but it's really, I would say, going to be coming out of that leveraged loan space.
Rob Fauber: Yes, that's right. I guess what I would say is what you're hearing from us on this call is about the ongoing demand for our products and services for our expertise, for our analysts for our research. And we think all of that is supporting the value proposition, both on the MIS and the MA side, so I don't think we expect there to be any kind of meaningful difference in terms of our approach. And we're going to continue to invest in reinforcing that value proposition, certainly, on the MIS side. That's why we continue to invest in very, very experienced analysts. You've heard us talk about that in the past, but it's at times like this when investors and issuers really value the experience of our analytical staff, of our economic teams, and so we're going to continue to invest in that and support the value proposition to our customers.
Rob Fauber: Yes, from a revenue standpoint, the transactional revenue that we've gotten from that sector's historically kind of somewhere in the $75 million to $85 million range over the last couple of years. And that's historically been split between investment grade and spec grade.
Mike West: Yes. Thanks, Rob. I think there's two key variables here. First is the asset creation side and that’s particular to corporate-backed securitization and that has to materialize and obviously we're seeing some stress in the system there. And then the second one is that the overall spreads on the instruments have to narrow to make those economics work. So those are two major things that we're looking at and obviously the underlying assets that are in there that we look out through the fundamental. So hopefully that gives a little bit more color.
Mike West: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the questions. We've got out there in our forecast a range of 11% to 16%. The low end of that doesn't differ materially from '08, '09 period, however, what's important here is that we have a large book of business here with regard to the overall impact on profile and the lower-rated credits that we have been warning about before. So overall, that's where we are. Not much different at the low end. Obviously, we've got our pessimistic scenario at 16%.
Mike West: Yes, I'll talk about the debt outstanding and then maybe Rob can add. But it's in the range of 10% to 15%.
Craig Huber: Great, thank you. I want to first focus on cost if I could, please. Curious what the incentive comp was in the quarter? What your outlook is for the year? But more importantly, can you just update us please on your growth outlook for cost for the remaining part of the year, fourth quarter versus the first quarter? I’ll have a follow-up question as well. Thank you.
Craig Huber: Okay. And then also wanted to ask Ray, if you would like to answer this, and you think long-term about your business and when we get through this COVID-19 environment here and say it doesn't last any longer than 12 to 18 months, we get a vaccine, sooner the better of course. When you look at the long-term strategic consequences of your business, both in the Moody's Analytics side, but more importantly on the ratings side, what are the sort of positive the negatives here on the back end of this whole thing, like helpful or actually punitive to your business, Ray.
Craig Huber: And my last follow-up question here is, on the high yield side, can you just talk a little bit further about default rates where you think it might be at the end of this year, how that number of compared to 2008, 2009 peak levels, and also maybe how you sort of think about recovery rates at this stage? Thank you.
