Ray McDaniel: Thanks Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I will begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter and year-to-date 2016 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then conclude with a litigation update and comments on our current outlook for 2016. After our prepared remarks, we will be happy to respond to your questions. In the third quarter Moody's revenue of $917 million increased 10% primarily as a result of record third quarter revenue from Moody's Investor Service driven by higher leverage finance issuance in U.S. public finance plant activity as well as solid growth for Moody's Analytics. Operating expense for the third quarter was $520 million, up 7% in the third quarter of 2015 and included an $8.4 million restructuring charge associated with cost management initiatives. Operating income was $398 million, a 14% increase from the prior year period. The impact of foreign currency translation on operating income was negligible. Adjusted operating income, defined as operating income before depreciation, amortization and the aforementioned restructuring charge, was $439 million, up 16% from the same period last year. The reported operating margin for the third quarter of 2016 was 43.3% and the adjusted operating margin was 47.8%. GAAP EPS of $1.31 was up 15% from the third quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP EPS of a $1.34 was up 21%. Third quarter 2016 non-GAAP EPS excludes $0.03 impact from the restructuring charge. Third quarter 2015 non-GAAP EPS excludes $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. Turning to year-to-date performance. Moody's revenue for the first nine months of 2016 was $2.7 billion, an increase of 2% from the prior year period. Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted revenue by 1%. Revenue at Moody's Investors Service was $1.8 billion, a decline of 1% from 2015. Revenue at Moody's Analytics was $899 million, 8% higher than the prior year period. Operating expense in the first nine months of 2016 was $1.6 billion, up 5% from the prior year. Foreign currency translation favorably impacted expense by 2%. Operating income was $1.1 billion, down 2% from the first nine months of 2015. The impact of foreign currency translation was negligible. Adjusted operating income of $1.2 billion was down 1% from the prior year period. Moody's reported operating margin was 41.8% and its adjusted operating margin was 45.7%. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2016 was 31.5% down from 31.7% in the same period in 2015. In light of the strong third quarter performance coupled with continued expense management, we are increasing our full-year 2016 GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $4.76 to $4.86, which includes an anticipated non-cash foreign exchange gain of $0.18 related to a subsidiary reorganization, offset in part by a $0.04 restructuring charge. Excluding the gain on the restructuring charge, the non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $4.62 to $4.72. I will turn the call over to Linda to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. Thanks Linda. As we disclosed in today's earnings release, on September 29 we received a letter from the Department of Justice indicating that it is preparing a civil complaint against Moody's alleging violations of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act in connection with ratings MIS assigned to RMBS and CDOs leading up to the 2008 financial crisis. As we have previously disclosed, following the global credit crisis of 2008, Moody's periodically received subpoenas and inquiries from various governmental authorities, including the DOJ and state's attorneys generals. The DOJ has advised us that their investigation remains ongoing and may expand to include additional periods. A number of state's attorneys generals have also indicated they expect to pursue similar claims under state law. Moody's is continuing to respond to the DOJ and states subpoenas and inquiries. As I hope you will appreciate, I am not going to be able to add anything beyond what I have just said and what we disclosed in our earnings release. I will conclude this morning's prepared remarks by discussing the changes to our full year guidance for 2016. The full list of Moody's guidance is included in our third quarter 2016 earnings press release, which can be found on the Investor Relations website at ir.moodys.com. Moody's current outlook for 2016 is based on assumptions about many geopolitical conditions and macroeconomic and capital market factors including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, corporate profitability and business investment spending, mergers and acquisitions, consumer borrowing and securitization and the amount of debt issued. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and results for the year could differ materially from our current outlook. Our guidance assumes foreign currency translation at end of quarter exchange rates. Specifically, our forecast reflects exchange rates for the British pound of $1.30 to UKP 1 and for the Euro of $1.12 to EUR 1. Moody's third quarter movements in foreign exchange rates have had no meaningful impact on the full year 2016 outlook. As I noted earlier, Moody's is increasing its full year 2016 GAAP EPS guidance range to $4.76 to $4.86. Excluding the foreign exchange gain and restructuring charge I mentioned earlier, the non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $4.62 to $4.72. The company now expects share repurchases to be approximately $750 million subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions. Capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $120 million. For MIS, Moody's now expects 2016 revenue to be approximately flat reflecting increased guidance for non-U.S. MIS revenue which we also now expect to be approximately flat. U.S. revenue is still expected to be approximately flat. Corporate finance revenue is now expected to be approximately flat and structured finance revenue is now expected to decrease in the mid single-digit percent range. Financial institutions' revenue is now expected to increase in the low single-digit percent range. For Moody's Analytics, we are not anticipating any changes to the outlook items we provided on September 28, 2016. This concludes our prepared remarks and joining Lind and me for the question-and-answer session are Mark Almeida, President of Moody's Analytics and Rob Fauber, President of Moody's Investor Service. We will be pleased to take any questions you might have.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Peter, it's Ray. And I will let Rob comment on this in more detail, but I think the punch line is, we do think that some of the strength in the third quarter was pulled forward from the fourth quarter, We had a very strong close in late September and some of that issuance appears to have been opportunistically pulled into a very attractive issuance environment. Rob, I don't know if you have any more detail you can add to that.
Ray McDaniel: I think broadly speaking, we think the strength in the third quarter was pulled forward of near term issuance that would have been occurring probably in the fourth quarter and early in 2017 otherwise. Looking out into 2017, we think that issuing conditions are probably going to be attractive and that may encourage pull forward from 2018 and beyond. Part of the reason why we are optimistic about the current outlook for issuance conditions is driven by the fact that we think the default rate in the speculative grade arena is probably peaking right about now over the next month or so and it's going to moderate and come down, which should help spread. So even if official rates are moving up somewhat, we think there is an opportunity for spread tightening and an attractive issuance environment.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. As I mentioned, our belief is that it was more fourth quarter and maybe early 2017 issuance getting pulled into the third quarter. So I do not anticipate that we are going to see a large amount of 2017 refinancing, having already gone through in the third quarter of 2016. And again, if issuance conditions are as we are speculating, that is probably going to encourage pull forward out of 2018 and into 2017.
Ray McDaniel: No. Tim, I think it is. We do continue to think of this as a double-digit growth business particularly and recall what Steve talked about at Investor Day, particularly focusing on those areas of the business that we are really trying to drive, particularly around software licenses, software subscriptions and software maintenance. As we told you, we are de-emphasizing the implementation services business that low margin business that frankly we don't particularly want and don't particularly need given our market position now. So when we focus on the core aspects of the ERS business, we are seeing good strong bookings there, certainly in the double-digits and getting up towards the mid-teens.
Ray McDaniel: Correct. Yes. It would be the latter. Ignoring the sort of the flatness that we are seeing in the implementation services business and just looking at those parts of the business that we are emphasizing, that's where we are seeing the double-digit or mid teens type growth.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. It was really a combination of a few factors. We had a couple of one-off items this quarter that negatively impacted 3Q recurring revenues. We also saw a little bit of softness in CP outstandings and that's due, I think, in part to some of the money market regulations and that in turn dampened the activity fees that show up as recurring revenue for us and we had a little bit of FX drag. So all that kind of contributed. If you exclude those items, that recurring revenue would have between 3%, 3.5%, which I think is fairly comparable to last quarter.
Ray McDaniel: No. The only thing I would say is probably a notable variable would be, as we look at some of the international markets and market opening in some key emerging markets like China, if that occurs more quickly that might invite investment sooner. If it continues to be at the pace it has been at, we probably would accommodate that with the spending that that you have seen already.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. I mean at a macro level, just looking at GDP, the GDP growth is, I think we are anticipating it's going to stabilize, albeit at fairly low levels in the developed markets. So somewhere around 2% in the U.S. Less than that in Europe. And then for the G20 emerging markets, more in the 5% range. So, it's good in that there is growth in the key markets that we operate in, but it is not going to be fast-paced growth in our estimation. We would also expect to see a gradual normalization of monetary policy in the U.S., but I think that will be gradual. And we are going to continue to see accommodative monetary policy outside the U.S. So I think that's going to feature in continuation of low rates in a number of markets.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. It's going to be a continuing uncertainty, I think. There's a certain amount of rhetoric that is contributing to the uncertainty. I think the rhetoric may be a bit stronger than the reality when we finally see what kind of negotiations go into the divorce and re-marriage in Europe with the U.K. But the reason I say I think we are in for some prolonged uncertainty is really driven by just the political timing with elections in key countries throughout next year and I think that's going to impact the pace at which negotiations can be conducted. Those countries include the Netherlands, France, Germany. So we will probably see more progress late next year then we will early in the year.
Ray McDaniel: No. I don't think it would be appropriate for me to comment on this at this point. The disclosure we made was based on the letter we received and that's about as much as I can say. And I do understand the curiosity and I realize it's probably frustrating for me to keep referring you back to our disclosures. But I think that's the most appropriate course.
Ray McDaniel: Yes. Rob may want to comment on this, but what I would look for really is how some of the work being done to structure transactions in light of the risk retention rules and efforts being made to try and create structures that are still economically attractive and comply with those rules is going to be the big variable going into 2017. We have begun to see some ideas and actions around how to address the risk retention rules. But again, we just have to watch and see what the range is what the banks ultimately land on.
Ray McDaniel: Just to adjust the premise of the question, we have not said that we have increased litigation costs. We have not commented on that.
Ray McDaniel: No. As we said, we have commented to the extent that we feel is appropriate in our disclosures already.
Ray McDaniel: Well, we have been engaged in M&A activity on a regular basis. I think we would continue to look for attractive assets to acquire. So I don't see any change in our thinking or behavior going forward than what you have seen in recent years.
Ray McDaniel: Okay. I just want to thank everybody for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you again in the New Year. Thanks.
Linda Huber: Sure, Peter. Good morning. We are not going to comment on incremental legal costs because as Ray said we have just received this piece of correspondence. Also, calls on our cash, we have said that we are going to repurchase $750 million of shares this year and so we will go from there. As you see on page 13 of the earnings release, we do have $2 billion of cash on hand and we do have our borrowing lines and CPA program.
Linda Huber: Tony, thanks. This is Linda. You are right. MIS flow-through was helpful to us. You will note that we also called out continued expense control. And as you saw, we put $0.03 through in a restructuring charge. We are seeing good results from the cost controls that we have mentioned before. Those are particularly in effect for MIS and for shared services. And we feel that that's, as I said, starting to have an impact on our numbers, which is great. For Mark, who will comment in a minute, the unfortunate result of Mark's success is that he does get to carry more of the overhead burden and he will talk a little bit more about the margin outlook for his business.
Linda Huber: Sure. Warren, it's Linda. I think we are pretty happy with our current leverage levels, given our ratings by other companies. We have some room but we are pretty comfortable with where we are right now. We do have, several people have noted a piece of debt coming due in 2017, we continue to take a look at that. That does have a call feature on it. And so we would have to look at the break-evens there. So we continue to watch that one. And we are, as you know, now able to issue CPs. We are paying some attention to that. That allows us to turn the dials a little bit more finely than a large public debt issuance, a term issuance might provide. So we will see, but we are pretty happy with where we are and we like our rating where it is. So really no change.
Linda Huber: Yes. Manav, to extend a little further on that, we are operating our share repurchase program under a pre-existing 10b5-1 plan, as you know and we are in the market today and we will take a look. We said we think we will spend about $750 million this year and we are pretty happy with that. So I think that's about it.
Linda Huber: Yes. I think saying that we are going to do $750 million for this year is probably about what everybody needs to know in order to model that and we are pretty comfortable with where we are. We have reduced the share count from by 3% from last year of September, as we said in the script.
Linda Huber: Bill, it's Linda. We don't expect that it will change the trajectory. I think if we noted at Investor Day, we are being prudent about what we think for 2017 and 2018 margin expansion. I think we had noted, we expected that to be perhaps backend loaded over the next few years. And you are right, we do expect to get back to the mid-40s on the simple margin. I want to state very clearly that we have been very careful on our cost controls. An interesting thing for you to think about Bill, just looking at headcount growth year-over-year at the end of September, the rating agencies head count has grown only 1% and shared services headcount has grown only 1% from this time last year. We have invested in growth for Moody's Analytics, because that business is moving along really nicely, but we are being very cautious about what we are doing in terms of headcount growth because that's the major component of our expense increases, as you know. So we are being very cautious and legal expenses will fall as they do, but nothing that exciting to comment on there, other than that we are all being very careful about the pace of expenses.
Linda Huber: Sure. Joe, it's Linda. It looks pretty much the same. We are looking to invest in technology to support what MIS is doing to ensure that our rating analysts are as efficient as they can be and that we are handling our regulatory requirements as efficiently as we can for those analysts. So that continues. We are pleased that perhaps that rate of technology spending might be largely having peaked in 2016. So we will have to see how that goes, but we don't have the forecast for 2017 baked yet fully. For Moody's Analytics, markets running a very nicely growing business and we will continue to invest in that business. And for the commercial operation for Moody's Investor Service, we want to be thoughtful about the ability to do business with us in a constructive way. So we might continue to invest there. But the investment outlook, I suspect we will look pretty much like it has. But again very cautious eye on expense control and we will talk more about potential for margin expansion for 2017 when we give guidance for 2017. But we would like to be able to show some margin expansion, but we are going to have to see. And I don't know if Ray or others of my colleagues want to comment any further on that.
Linda Huber: Sure, Alex. We had said the expense ramp from the first quarter to the fourth quarter will be $25 million to $35 million and we expect that that will hold maybe towards the higher end of the range.
Linda Huber: Sure, Jeff. Incentive compensation for the third quarter, we did have to take up a bit. In fact that incentive compensation was about $43 million and that ran ahead of the second quarter of $35.6 million and also ahead of last year's $32.9 million. So given the strong performance particularly at MIS, we have had to accrue about $10 million of additional incentive compensation which did offset some of the other cost savings that we had. Going forward for the fourth quarter, this is a bit of a wild card. I would model about $40 million is probably a reasonable number, but we could break a few million dollars either below that or above that.
Linda Huber: Sure. Just quickly and then Ray will comment. U.S. GAAP, we can't reserve for anything that is not probable or estimable and since we don't have any information on that front, we can't have any reserves on this matter. Also we do have insurance coverage, but we are not going to comment on that either. And I will see if Ray has anything further to add.
Linda Huber: Sure. The restructuring charge was modest, $8 million and change. We don't do that too often. As we have said before, we are watching expenses particularly carefully. And I think I commented earlier on what we are doing with headcount management, both in MIS and shared services. So I think, Craig, it's fair to say that most of that restructuring charge accrued to shared services and to MIS.
Linda Huber: Yes. Ashley, it's Linda. We will continue with our expense plans. The guidance for the remainder of the year includes everything that we can see right now. Again, we are being very cautious, particularly on headcount. We are being very thoughtful on the businesses and the support services that have had perhaps more challenging conditions earlier this year. But we are continuing on doing what we are doing. The conditions in the business, both of the businesses are very good. The third quarter was quite strong, as you can see, record MIS revenue in the third quarter. So we are going to keep doing what we are doing and in early February, we will give guidance for 2017.
Rob Fauber: That's right. And I think I would characterize, there is continued good market access here in the U.S. and we expect that will continue through the election and even potentially beyond. Selective access, I would say, in Europe and healthy issuance in Asia. And we have a healthy new mandate pipeline as well. But as Ray said, we have incorporated some potential volatility and fewer, what we call, [indiscernible] days in the fourth quarter into our thinking.
Rob Fauber: Yes. The only thing I might add to that, Linda, is that in the investment grade space, we have seen continued interest from foreign investors who were looking for yield. And it's interesting, when you look at the funds flow both in high yield while last week we saw a small outflow, the prior two weeks were almost $4 billion in inflows and over $11 billion in inflows year-to-date. Similarly on the bank loan side, that asset class has seen its 11th straight week of inflows and that's the longest streak since 2014 and almost $3 billion over the last 11 weeks. So I think that really supports the market technicals.
Rob Fauber: Yes. That's right, Ray. We have seen a mix of some of these reset deals. The leverage lending market has obviously picked up and that supported greater supply in the market. And we have seen a good gradation bid for some of the CLO assets that supported that activity.
Rob Fauber: Well, a little bit of a mix shift from on-shore borrowings to offshore in this quarter. Cross border issuance from the Chinese property sector, which had been going into the domestic markets a bit in the second quarter. We saw some of the big oil and gas corporates across APAC and some increased issuance from Australia and some healthy first mandate activity.
Rob Fauber: Yes. I am not sure I would say this is a trend. This was one particular transaction. This wasn't in the structured area. We have seen some esoteric types of transactions. We have seen your handset transactions and so on. So there's some of that kind of activity going on. But I am not sure that what spread that would be a trend.
Rob Fauber: The only thing I might add to that, Ray, is so we have a healthy CMBS pipeline. You asked about CMBS, right now as issuers are looking to get in front of the risk retention deadline. So while January could be a bit light, I think we will see debt issuance in the first half of 2017 in CMBS supported by this upcoming maturity wall that we can see.
Rob Fauber: I think we said at Investor Day for U.S. and European fundamental, which is what we shared, I think it was in the 35% of transaction revenue.
Mark Almeida: Yes, Tony. Right, the MA margin was held down by the increased share of overhead allocation that we are getting this year. And also remember we have the GGY acquisition which is hitting us this year. So I can tell you that when we adjust for those things, the work that we do in looking at this on a pro forma basis and adjusting for the acquisition and assuming that we add the constant share of overhead expense, we see modest margin expansion so far this year.
Mark Almeida: Yes. One, we got crushed by FX. The pound took a beating and you are seeing that in the numbers. We also had kind of an odd ball one-ff last year in the third quarter, we had a strong third quarter last year, reflecting some one-off business that we had done, some large one off business that we have done in some of the smaller segments of RD&A and those didn't recur in the third quarter this year. So that's really what you are seeing there. But the underlying business continues to be quite strong .We feel very comfortable with where we are there.
Mark Almeida: No. They were one-offs in the third quarter that were recognized in the third quarter of 2015. So we had kind of the lapping phenomenon.
Mark Almeida: We currently have a programmatic repurchase plan in place that continues. When we come to renew that, we will look at all the appropriate conditions and information that we normally do in terms of renewal. So that's the story on the buyback.
