Mark Kaye: Toni, we have increased our outlook for the full year 2021 adjusted EPS to approximately $11.15 at the midpoint of the guidance range, and that's around 6% higher than the guidance we gave on EPS back in February. The primary driver of that increase is really a reflection of the actual and the expected strong operating performance of MIS. And I'd call it around 6 percentage points. We all see small tailwinds of around 1% from some of the non-operating factors like the settlement of the outstanding tax matter, which is a little bit more favorable than expected, and that's offset in part by FX. We're certainly happy to go into the issuance outlook and our views there separately.
Mark Kaye: We are guiding, to your point, to approximately 61% for the MIS margin for the full year. And that really means, if you put the 67.7% in the context of that, that you would expect a year to go on average margin for MIS is somewhere between 57% and 58%. And that's primarily driven by our year-to-go expectation for issuance activity, which would be down in the low double digits, given our full year guide of low single-digits issuance. And then in turn, if I look at the underlying drivers, could be driven by tough comparables compared to the year ago period and pull forward that we saw in the first quarter, a little bit of the sorted pattern. And again, we're very happy to go into some of those drivers in more detail as the call goes on.
Mark Kaye: And then if I were to translate the issuance outlook that Rob spoke to – at a high level on an MIS revenue perspective, you could think about Q2 and Q3 being down in the mid-single-digit decline range and then Q4 being approximately flat year-over-year for revenue.
Mark Kaye: Judah, thank you. I'll start a little bit with MCO and then I'll work my way through to MA. As – sorry, MCO's adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 57.1%. On a trailing 12-month basis, that would equate to 51.6%. And so if I think about attributing that to the approximately 50% guidance that we've given for the year, you could think about really 4 primary buckets. The first being operating leverage, which is positive creation of margin in the range of around 100 basis points and things like scalable revenue growth, the benefit of the incentive comp accrual resets, slightly lower new bad debt expense this time around, offset by the expectation of higher travel and entertainment expenses as we invest in further interactions with our customers of around offset in addition by acquisitions of around 50 bps as well. And then finally and most importantly, sort of those strategic investments we want to make back into the business are in the second half of the year into ESG, KYC, CRE, etcetera. And that's probably an offset of around 160 at the MCO level. If I just back for a second and I look at MA, the Q1 margin expansion was really led by very strong 14% reported revenue growth. I'd also say that expenses for MA were lower, primarily related to our announced restructuring at the end of 2020. And that's part of our overall expense management that creates those opportunities to reinvest back into the future of our business. MA is certainly taking the opportunity in 2021 to accelerate the investments in several of our key strategic priorities in the CRE and KYC space. And as we ramp up those investments, we expect that our margin will remain in line with that 30% full year guidance. I've put just a few numbers around that. You could think about it on a full year basis for MA, underlying margin expansion of around 390 bps, offset maybe by 2 large categories, both strategic investments of around 240 bps in MA and then acquisitions of around 130 bps.
Mark Kaye: Alex, thanks for the question, and good morning. The incentive comp accrual process very simplistically that we follow is roughly 25% of the full year expected incentive comp payout, primarily because we're in the first quarter. So we're really looking at roughly one-quarter of the full year expected amount. In the first quarter itself, we accrued for a $61 million in incentive comp. And looking forward to the next three quarters, you would expect – or we expect to see around $60 million per quarter due to the improved full year revenue and margin outlook. That's slightly higher than what we had provided in February, which is a range for between $50 million and $60 million. So, certainly, we are incurring appropriately in the first quarter.
Mark Kaye: George, maybe let me start here just by sharing a little bit about what we're hearing from the banks in terms of their issuance outlook because I think that will help provide additional context to the comments that Rob made a little bit earlier. If I start with the US investment-grade, although the year-to-date activity was below the prior year period, we heard from the banks that they noted that issuance in the first quarter was still very robust. I mean that was driven by factors we've already discussed, M&A activity near historically tight spread, et cetera. The banks did also highlight that they thought that borrowers likely opportunistically pulled forward some of their 2021 funding plans to take advantage of the favorable rates that they saw this quarter, especially so that interim or mid-quarter uptick in rates themselves. The bank's overall expected US investment-grade issuance to decline around 30% over the course of the year and that's very much in line with our forecast for that line of business. On the US spec-grade side, tight spreads, low default rates certainly drove the impressive start to the year for high-yield bond and leverage loan issuance. The volume year-to-date for both of those categories has significantly surpassed the prior year period. And so the outlook that we're hearing from the banks here is that they expect the speculative-grade market to slow, as many issuers in east and their early perception of the year, have completed their refinancing needs in the first quarter. And we've taken that view into consideration in our outlook in for US spec-grade. On euro investment-grade, there was the relatively light supply in the quarter as issuers did enter 2021, to your point, with strong cash balances right. We saw a lot of reverse ante issue in as a focus throughout the first quarter. Again, the thing factors, favorable M&A backdrop, low rates, et cetera could also support activity later in the year. And then the banks here forecast European investment-grade issuance to be down in the year, mid-teens percent range. And then finally, on the spec European spec rate side, similar to the US, issuance volume year-to-date did surpass the prior year period, but that was driven more by a pickup in some of the private equity and buyout activity as issuers are looking to take advantage of the low rate end and again, the bank here expect refinancing consideration to remain positive. I hope that provides sort of additional market color that you're looking for.
Mark Kaye: Craig, good morning. We are very pleased to highlight that our disciplined expense management actions continue to create and maintain operating leverage and investment capacity for our business. Now we are actively managing our underlying expenses down by 3% to 3.5% or a little bit over $80 million to self-fund the key initiatives we want to invest in 2021. And we've spoken about those relating to KYC, CRE, ESG, et cetera, but also to enhance our technology infrastructure to enable automation, innovation and efficiency to support growth. If I were going to complete the picture on the expense side, you see that the strategic investments, 3%, 3.5%, getting reinvested or cost efficiency is getting reinvested in strategic initiatives. You've got M&A expenses of around 2% to 2.5% in the outlook. We've got an FX headwind of somewhere between 1.5 and two percentage points. And what that really then implies is that the operating growth net of incentive and stock compensation is relatively well controlled around that two percentage point. And I think that's the key message we wanted to deliver. On the headcount, certainly, if I look at year-over-year snapshot between March 2020 and March 2021, we've been relatively stable on an organic basis, if I think over the year, at around 11,400 employees. We don't necessarily anticipate that to dramatically move up or down, as really are looking again to make sure that we are more focused on the skill set enhancements and the support that we can provide our employees over this period.
Mark Kaye: We are expecting for 2021 to generate around $25 million in stand-alone activities from ESG and an additional $5 million to $10 million in additional revenues through incorporating our ESG risk analysis into the MIS and MA product.
Mark Kaye: We are – we have raised – we would like to raise the expense ramp for the first to the fourth quarter to be between $60 million and $80 million. And that would be up from the $45 million to $55 million that we mentioned on the February call, and that was a result of additional savings that we've achieved in the first quarter and a little bit of a shift in timing of spending for strategic initiatives, primarily to the second half of the year. The slightly wider range also captures the uncertainty around the expectation for the resumption in travel and entertainment expenses as the euro progresses.
Mark Kaye: Owen, thank you for the question. So for incentive compensation, we typically followed a time-based percentage accrual process. That really is very much in alignment with the applicable SEC and accounting standards. If our outlook for the year holds, as we've provided this morning, you would not necessarily see a variation in the incentive comp accrual as the year progresses. Obviously, the year may turn out slightly differently from our outlook, and we certainly provided many factors that could drive that. And what that really means is as the year progresses, you're not only adjusting your incentive comp accrual for that particular quarter, but you also have to do a true-up for the prior quarters, and that's what could result in volatility in the amount that's accrued each quarter.
Mark Kaye: And just to put a quick two numbers around that, Manav. In the first quarter, you saw strategic investments of probably around 1.5% of the increase in expenses in the quarter. For the full year, we expect strategic investments to be between 3% and 3.5%. So you will see that acceleration over the next couple of quarters.
Mark Kaye: And Shlomo, if I could, maybe just a deep dive on one of those investment areas, specifically on ESG. Specifically, we're very focused on integrating ESG into our risk assessment to workflows. And that's going to help us drive growth and impact. Let me give you three examples here. The first example could be in the commercial real estate space, where our customers are looking for on-demand scoring capabilities to screen properties globally. And they really want those sustainability considerations integrated into their screening. So we provided a solution that provides forward-looking risk assessments of property exposure to floods, hurricanes, wildfires and other climate hazards. The second example I could give you in the ESG space with the integration is around banks and insurance companies. They want climate data integrated into their economic scenario modeling, as well as a stress testing, and that's going to help them meet regulatory and other requirements across the globe. And then, finally, just a third example on that deep dive, customers want to be able to integrate data sets. And specifically, they want to co-mingle their data with ours. And to enable that, we've made our data available on our new DataHub platform that allows customers to access our data alongside with their own in-house data and to work with using sort of those advanced data science tools that Rob spoke about earlier.
Mark Kaye: Sure. Shlomo, let me start just with the M&A for a second. So, if I think about a combination of Acquire Media, ZM Financial, Catalyst, and Cortera total M&A spend there was around $350 million. That would have generated or we expected to generate in 2021, which is fully incorporated into our guidance around $44 million-ish in revenue collectively. You've got sort of the margin impact to MA we spoke about earlier, that's the negative 130 basis points. And then an adjusted EPS impact from that those four acquisitions collectively is probably around $0.04-ish negative. And of course, those have been incorporated around $0.04-ish cents negative. And of course, those have been incorporated into our outlook. If I just did a quick slide by to your second question on non-operating income and expenses, and I'm going to refer to maybe table five in the press release, that's in non-operating and expense table. Just the material items there, but uncertain tax positions or UTPs, that's primarily driven by the reversal of the tax-related interest accruals, which are associated with the resolution of the outstanding tax matters and the statute of limitations exploration this quarter. I just want to highlight that we don't expect those benefits to reoccur to the same extent in the future periods. I look at the FX loss and gain line, that's really small FX loss this quarter. Across a number of currency peers, that's compared to a large gain in the first quarter of 2020, which at the time was really driven by material dollar appreciation. You recall this time last year and rebalancing that occurred. And I think FX results were very much in line with our expectations from the hedging program. You see the income from investments in non-consolidated affiliates in that table, and that's really from a regular assessment of our positions in various non-consolidated affiliates. On a quarterly basis, we had a small write-up of minority investment. This quarter, we had this more write-down of minority investment a year ago same quarter. And then finally, the other line is normally a combination of various individually immaterial and in the aggregate immaterial non-operating items, This quarter, because of the strong equity market movement, this line actually captured some are gains that we had on investments that are used to hedge our deferred compensation program, so to give you a full sense of color across the non-operating expense line.
Mark Kaye: Good morning and thank you for the question. Maybe most important is for me to start upfront to just make clear that the capital allocation framework that we're using remains unchanged. We're going to look, first and foremost, for opportunities to invest organically and inorganically back into our business through very disciplined financial metrics. And then to the extent that we have additional capital remaining, we will return that to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. We know -- or at least is very aware that in early to mid-2020, we did pause buybacks. And we raised cash at that time really to be prudent and to be opportunistically take advantage of lower rates and we're very focused on financial flexibility given again at the time, the heightened risk of economic and capital market stresses at the time. Head Central Banks really not intervene with support. The story made a little bit of residual risk and uncertainty today, and that's obviously much smaller. And so I think for now, we are certainly very comfortable to project to return $2 billion to stockholders this year. Between a combination of dividends and buybacks, and we'll obviously continue to assess the appropriate balance of capital return as the year progresses. I would also not read too much into the relatively low share repurchases that occurred in the first quarter of approximately $132 million. That was mostly due to the purchasing plan that we put in place at the time we entered into the 10b5-1 plan used to purchase shares. And to the comment I made a minute ago, we're still continuing to target that $1.5 billion in share repu by the end of the year, and you should see an acceleration of the pace of that in the second quarter.
Mark Kaye: The slight difference between the forecasted 2021 growth in net income of 11% and free cash flow of 4% at the midpoint of the guidance range is really related to the expected working capital headwinds and the timing of, I would say, non-cash items across quarters and years. So I put this broadly in context, free cash flow actually grew faster than net income in both of 2019 and 2020. Specifically in 2019, we had 8% versus 17% growth in free cash flow. And in 2020, we had 24% versus 27% growth in free cash flow. And so you can see sort of that variation a little bit across years. We are a capital-light business. Investment would have to ramp up really considerably to change that dynamic between net income and free cash flow over an extended period and we don't anticipate that necessarily happening. So nothing in particular that I would draw your attention to that I'm concerned about in terms of that relationship.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Kevin, this is Rob. Yes. Thanks a bunch. So good to have you on the call. Let me talk about each in turn here. So let's start with commercial real estate. It's really a major asset class for our financial institution and investor customers. And what we're hearing from customers is that they're looking for the integration of just a wide range of data and analytics to give them better insights and make better decisions, especially given all the underlying kind of turbulence in the market. So we acquired REIS a few years back to give us some market and property-level data that we could integrate into our offerings for our customers. And given the importance of that data to both lending and investing decision-making, we then bought Catalyst, and that helped us further build out our national property coverage. And we're -- by the way, we're very pleased with how Catalyst is -- and we're building out those data capabilities in new markets even a little bit faster than we had anticipated. So, you put that together along with our in-house products, we've got something called commercial mortgage metrics, and all of that forms what we call our CRE solutions offering. I touched on it in our prepared remarks. And as part of that broader CRE solutions suite, we're building out lending and portfolio construction and management tools that really address some of these customer pain points in lending and portfolio construction and management tools that really address some of these customer pain points in the industry. Like I said, they want -- our customers want more content integration. And they also want a more digitized and automated and really connected approach that reduces the underwriting time and enhances the borrower experience. So, on commercial real estate, I'd say we're making some investments. We're encouraged by our progress around product development and the early receptivity we're getting from our customers. Like I said, it's a big asset class for them. So, let me turn to insurance just for a moment, and we've called this out on few of our prior calls, and we're seeing some very nice growth in our insurance business. The core driver of that is around insurers seeking our solutions to help them with this IFRS 17 compliance. And our acquisition of a company called GGY a few years ago, it really enhanced our capabilities in this area because it gave us an actuarial software solution that's widely used by insurers for everything ranging from pricing, reserving, asset liability management, financial modeling, hedging and so on. So, it's part of the kind of core risk processes at these insurance companies. And over the years, we've been able to build out our suite of offerings to insurance companies. That includes ALM, regulatory reporting, business analytics. And our view is that our risk assessment capabilities in areas like credit, like commercial real estate, ESG, and climate are all offering us further opportunities to deliver really even greater value to our insurance customers and give us runway and give us runway for some future growth. So, we feel good about both of those opportunities.
Rob Fauber: Sure. I'm sure you can appreciate, we can't comment on potential acquisitions or divestitures, but I can give you some insight into generally how we're thinking about M&A. And we're really looking for assets that I think of as on strategy and are going to advance our risk assessment capabilities that we talk a lot about. So, think about our customers' needs are changing, right, around a wider range of risk. So, we're really focused on high-value data and analytics that are critical to customer workflows and helping them again with a wider range of risk. Historically, we've been very focused on credit, and our customers are asking us for help with more. So, we've been pretty clear about the areas where we're investing in building, and we're trying to get scaled businesses. That includes KYC, and I'm going to say even more broadly, financial crime, private company data, a lot of demand for private company data. Commercial real estate data analytics, I just talked about and of course, ESG and climate. And so that's really kind of how I think about content and maybe just for a moment and how I think about distribution because I think it all ties into how we think about acquisitions. You may have heard us talk in the past about thinking about our ERS business as what we call kind of a chassis, right, a distribution platform for our risk content to financial institutions. And if you think about it, we've got a huge customer base of banks and increasingly, insurance companies that are using our SaaS solutions. And it's just – it's a great platform for up-tiering our relationships and as I said, helping our customers with a wider range of needs. So there's some further opportunities to continue to build out really our comprehensive offering for banks and increasingly, insurance companies. And that's both organically and inorganically and all just building on that installed customer base and growth in the space. So that – hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Judah, it's Rob. Maybe I'll kind of start with issuance but that’s an important foundational piece here. Obviously, we've raised our issuance outlook given the strength of the first quarter with global issuance up 23%. But let me peel the onion back a little bit in terms of the rest of the year. So I think Toni acknowledged in her question that Q2 2020 was when we saw that huge surge of investment-grade infrastructure, sub-sovereign issuance. And those three asset classes were up almost 90% in 2Q 2020, that's sequentially, not year-over-year, but – and investment grade was by far the biggest contributor. So with Q1 issuance up 23%, we think that Q2 is going to be inevitably down off this very tough comp, somewhere in the same ZIP code that Q1 was up is kind of generally our thinking. Mark mentioned this sawtooth pattern. We do think we're going to experience a slightly slower summer. We've – in the past, we used to talk about this sawtooth pattern where we see a little bit slower third quarter. So we do expect a modest decline in the third quarter off of what remember was also a record quarter for issuance in Q3 last quarter and then growth in the fourth quarter. And that implies that the issuance for the second half of this year is going to be down modestly off of the second half of last year.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Simon, happy to do that. Obviously, we've got some very steady and good growth in MA, and there's a few different drivers of that. First, credit research and data feeds. There's just continued demand for those ratings data feeds and some very high retention rates for the research and data. And that, I think, reflects the importance of the content when you've got these kinds of real market stress and uncertainty. You touched on KYC and compliance. There's demand for both greater precision as well as automation of all this customer vetting. And we're also seeing some heightened customer focus on now using those kinds of tools for understanding things like supply chain resiliency and the risk profile across not only customer base, but supply chains. We actually had a major US corporate recently who subscribed to our Orbis data to help them really better assess the regulatory and reputational risk, like I said, both their customers, but also their suppliers. And then you've got our ERS SaaS products, and Mark touched on it in the prepared remarks. Strong recurring revenue growth, 15% across all three areas of ERS, and that includes credit assessment and origination, insurance and risk and finance. So we've got -- and we've also got an active product development pipeline, and I think we're going to continue to have opportunities in these areas.
Rob Fauber: Yes. So the license suspension at CCXI is over. And as I think you know, CCXI continues to be the leading domestic rating agency in China. And we're also continuing to have a very strong position in the cross-border rating markets. As we think about China, so we continue to address the domestic market through our position in CCXI, the cross-border market opportunity through MIS, like I said, we feel like we're very well positioned in both. And then there are some emerging opportunities in China that we've talked about a little bit in the past. We've made some investments there to help us with our positioning. One area that we see, a real opportunity in China is around ESG, but more specifically, I'd say, green finance and sustainable finance. And we made an investment several years ago in a small company called Shentel. Think of that as in kind of the same strategy that we employed with our investment in CCXI years ago, and we're working with Shentel to help the market and its evolution around sustainable finance. We also made an investment in a company called MioTech, which uses some very sophisticated technology to capture unstructured data around both ESG as well as KYC. So that -- again, two focus areas for us. So we're looking at how we can start to address the market beyond just the -- what I'd say, the core ratings business as well as our core business in MA.
Rob Fauber: All right. Alex, you're keeping us honest here. No problem. Look, I do think it's true that we -- in thinking about our issuance outlook, we have factored in the consideration around the potential for some pull-forward out of the second half of the year into the first quarter and first part of the year. And that was, as you saw, benchmark rates tick up and a surge of issuance. And Alex, maybe let me anticipate a question also and get to what might be the upside and downside to this, because I think that also gets at where you're headed here. A lot of times, we talk about -- I guess I used the phrase puts and takes. But, I guess, I would say that probably more puts than there are takes just given what we're seeing right at this moment. So that, I think, means there are some factors that could contribute to some upside to the outlook. So I think this quarter, second quarter, is really a key one to watch because we talked about second quarter 2020 being a really tough comparable with the surge in issuance, especially from investment grade. But if the strength of the leveraged finance markets continues through the quarter and makes up some of that liquidity driven issuance from the second quarter of last year and then on top of it contributes to the positive mix from a revenue standpoint, yeah, that could provide some upside. Like I said, we've been trying to think about pull-forward. You could see pull-forward even from -- depending on what happens with rates and spreads. You could see pull-forward from next year. Faster recovery and economic growth really outside of the U.S. could provide some upside. And then Mark touched on it, but potentially around infrastructure, depending on what kind of -- ultimately, what kind of bill we see, that might provide a boost to infrastructure issuance and municipal issuance in the back half of the year. On the downside, we've got to watch mix and any, kind of, escalation of a third wave of infections that ends up impacting the global markets. So that's really what's on our minds.
Rob Fauber: Yes, George, this is Rob. I think our general view on this is that we touched on in the prepared remarks. It's economic growth and that really is what provides the strongest driver for our business over the medium and long-term, right? It's about business investment. It's about M&A activity. As we think about rates, obviously, rates are a factor. They were certainly a factor last year. But it's the – I think it's really the pace of rate increases and whether the rate increases are accompanied by economic growth and whether they're anticipated by the market. So if you think back to the taper tantrum back in, what, 2013, that was where the market was surprised as kind of a rapid increase in rates, and we saw a real pullback in issuance. But to the extent that the Fed is able to be transparent about this, as we see very strong economic growth, we think that this will ultimately be manageable from an issuance perspective.
Rob Fauber: Sure, Owen. So in general, we've got – as you'd imagine, we've got data scientists and engineers all across the business. We've got innovation going on around AI, machine learning, natural language processing, natural language generation going on in MA and MIS. In fact, we just hired a new head of innovation in MIS to coordinate our efforts there. So you're right, QUIQspread is a great example of something that actually came out of – we have something called an accelerator, and this was actually something that our employees identified as a result of – of understanding our customers needs. And we were able to deploy this AI machine learning technology to help with a huge pain point of many of our banks, who are all manually spreading financial statements. And we've just got an enormous trove of financial statements here at the firm that can train those models. And so that's how we develop QUIQspread, and now we're deploying that actually as a product and selling that to our banking customers. So we've got initiatives like this going on all over the firm. Another good example of leveraging what I'd say is natural language generation is how we are actually writing some of our boilerplate reports for infrequent issuers using natural language generation. So literally writing reports from databases and then being able to augment that with expert insight. And that's turned out to be really valuable for our customers because it provides more transparency on a wider range of credits, as you can imagine. Regards to QuantCube, we're doing some interesting things in collaborating with them, mostly in the rating agency, where they've got all sorts of alternative data and predictive models. And we're able to use that and integrate that into some of our research series. So, for instance, QuantCube knows where every ship on the planet is at any given time. So they can track flows of commerce. And then we're able to have leading indicators of economic activity in addition to, kind of, the traditional indicators, and that -- we've actually published research around that using data from QuantCube. It's actually been quite popular with our research subscribers.
Rob Fauber: Yes, Manav, first of all, good afternoon. Good to have you on the call. I guess, I'd just point out that I think of and we think of ERS as distribution. I don't think that's always intuitive to folks, right, that if you think about the content that we are producing, which is really to help customers make decisions for the most part around risk, not in all cases, but for the most part. You've got, we've got literally thousands of banks and financial institutions customers who are using our Software-as-a-Service solutions in critical workflows. And so you can imagine the conversation. In fact, I do a number of customer calls. And as I sit down with these financial institutions and we talk about what's on your mind, what are you -- what are the unmet needs that you have around risk assessment, I start to hear, well, it's not only, obviously, you're helping us with credit, but we've got to figure out how we can better and more efficiently onboard customers. We've got to better understand the sustainability profile and ESG profile of who we're doing business with. We've got to understand the physical risks relating to climate change as part of our stress testing requirements as part of our commercial lending activities, right? And so our customers are coming to us, and we're able to then -- this ERS platform, these solutions are very good distribution channels for us to be able to deliver more data and analytics and insights to this financial institution customer base. So that's why -- that how I tend to -- I kind of describe it as, in a way, calling it just distribution is shortchanging it because it's really about the integration of the software, the technology, the data and the analytics. But it's a platform that's being used at thousands of banks. So it's a natural for us in terms of up-tiering those relationships.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. What I was -- I think what I was referring to, we obviously have a nice big ERS business. And what I was really referring to was we continue to look at ways to enhance the offerings for our banking and insurance customers around ERS, but -- so that's really where I was going with that, Manav.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. Manav, so thinking big picture here, and I know there's a lot of focus on margin from quarter-to-quarter, but from where we're sitting, we're looking at the fact that we're serving some very high growth markets. And, obviously, you're seeing that with the growth rates in the various areas across our business. It's ratings, it's research, it's data feeds, it's company data and KYC, it's ERS. And so for us, what we want to be doing is investing in these high-growth end markets. There are some very, we think, very strong, structural drivers that will mean that the growth in these end markets is going to continue for some time. And we want to -- in some cases, we have leading positions. In other cases, we are building scale in our businesses to build leading positions there. And if you think about the retention rates, we've talked about that a lot, right, very high retention rates. These are very sticky products because they're embedded into critical customer risk workflows. And so if you combine that, right, high-growth end markets with very sticky products, you want to make sure that you're investing in the growth of those markets, right, rather than cash cowing these businesses. What we want to be doing is investing to capture the growth. So in any given quarter or even year, I think you're going to -- as we see opportunities, you're going to see us make those investments because we're investing for the medium and long-term. And I think one of the last thing I would say is we've got -- our customers are dealing with a wider range of risks than ever before. And I think we're really better positioned to serve our customers than ever before. So we want to make sure we're making those investments.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. This is Rob. I'll start and Mark may want to add in. But maybe first, let me give you a bird's eye view of kind of the primary areas of investment. And I don't think this is going to surprise you, just given the areas that we've been focused on. But we're really concentrating that investment on product development across ESG and climate, KYC, commercial real estate, data and analytics, and I talked about those investing and lending products that we're developing and hoping to roll out in the next quarter or so, maybe to a little lesser extent, China and a content platform there. Modernizing our technology, continuing to become more and more efficient. We've got a big focus in particular in MIS around that, that we've talked about in the past. And then in general, we've got some other areas of product development. In fact, we formed a growth board internally, so that we could really have a very disciplined and concentrated approach to how we are investing and looking at the progress of that investment. And to your point, are there ways to accelerate that investment. And I can assure you that, that is something that we're looking at.
Rob Fauber: Yeah. And one last thing, Shlomo. Just touching on that point that Mark made, we're doing that in ESG, but this concept of integration is a place where we're making very deliberate investments, because as we integrate this, it's more useful for our customers, this concept of integrated risk assessment. These risks are, in many cases, related, but it also is going to enable greater cross-selling back to that point around revenue opportunity.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Obviously, it's going to remain to be seeing kind of final size and content of whatever ends up getting passed. I would expect that the majority of that would be seen in our PPI sector possible that you can see some of that in our corporate finance sector. I don't think there's a meaningfully different pro economic profile across those. Although, typically our international subside, we're really talking about US, international sub sovereign tends to have a little bit different economic profile. But so again, it's probably a little too early to tell at this point.
Rob Fauber: Yes. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining today's call, and We look forward to speaking with you again in the summer.
