Raymond McDaniel: Thank you, Salli. Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining today's call. I'll begin by summarizing Moody's third quarter 2012 results. Linda will follow with additional financial detail and operating highlights. I will then finish with several comments on the current regulatory environment and our outlook for the remainder of 2012. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to respond to your questions. Third quarter revenue of $689 million, increased 30% over the prior-year period, and was the highest quarterly revenue Moody's has achieved in its history. We benefited from double-digit revenue growth in all lines of business at MIS, with particularly strong performance in corporate finance, as well as continued strong growth in all areas of Moody's Analytics. Expenses for the third quarter were $419 million, a 25% increase from the third quarter of 2011. Operating income for the third quarter was $270 million, a 38% increase from the prior-year period. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $294 million, up 36% from the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share of $0.81 for the third quarter, which included a $0.06 legacy tax benefit, increased 42% from the prior-year period. Excluding the legacy tax benefit in the current quarter, diluted earnings per share of $0.75 for the third quarter of 2012, were up 32% from the prior-year period. Based on strong third quarter performance, we are raising our 2012 EPS guidance range to $2.95 to $3.05, or $2.89 to $2.99, excluding legacy tax benefit in the third quarter. Turning to year-to-date performance. Revenue for the first nine months of 2012 was $2 billion, a 15% increase from the first nine months of 2011. Revenue of Moody's Investor Service was $1.4 billion for the first nine months of 2012, an increase of 14% from a year ago. Moody's Analytics revenue of $609 million was 19% higher than the prior-year period. Expenses for the first nine months of 2012 were $1.2 billion, up 16% from the prior-year period. Operating income of $817 million increased 14% from $716 million for the same period of 2011. Diluted earnings per share of $2.34 for the first nine months of 2012, which included the $0.06 legacy tax benefit increased 14% from the prior-year period. I'll now turn the call over to Linda, to provide further commentary on our financial results and other updates.
Raymond McDaniel: Not a whole lot of additional color I can give you, Peter, other than we continue to see good issuance pipelines, especially in corporate finance, it's obviously in terms of sequential growth from the third quarter. It's going to be difficult to achieve that matter, because the issuance was so robust in the third quarter, and we have some external events, such as the election in a couple of short months, in the fourth quarter. But nonetheless, we still see healthy pipelines. And barring something really unanticipated, I think we believe the fourth quarter will be another good quarter.
Raymond McDaniel: The structured finance market has been showing year-over-year sequential growth, pretty steady. And I think that's an indication of good, if not spectacular recovery in that market. Commercial mortgage-backed securities, CLOs, the asset-backed market, covered bonds are the more promising sectors. We still don't anticipate a big rebound in 2013 in the residential mortgage-backed securities area. But I guess the further reason for optimism in that sector is, we seem to be moving away from some of the more regulatory-driven causes of issuance into more real market issuance, and I would take that as a sign of health.
Raymond McDaniel: We will provide our outlook for 2013 at the beginning of the year, as we do normally. And so I'll refrain from commenting on our outlook at this point.
Raymond McDaniel: And pacing of hiring and whether we dial that back or dial that up, it's also source of flexibility, but to the extent that we think the market conditions are reacting to short term cycles, we would want to continue to invest back in our personnel and our business. And similarly for various kinds of projects, whether they are IT-related or other projects, we have the ability in some areas to accelerate or decelerate in response to conditions.
Raymond McDaniel: I do think there is some pull-forward. I think firms are being somewhat opportunistic. The environment is good for issuance right now. And so if you're thinking about issuance in the near-term, this is a good time to be doing it. Historically, we have not seen any correlation in bond issuance activity based on election outcomes. So that, at least in terms of what we've seen in the past would not be an important determinant of issuance activity going forward. And again, the fiscal cliff is going to inevitably create headlines just as what's going on in Europe creates headlines, and that a very short-term windows week-to-week, where the market participants are feeling more optimistic or more pessimistic. So I expect we're going to see choppiness going into the New Year, but nothing that's going to freeze up markets.
Raymond McDaniel: At this point it's been a bit easier for us to plan and spend around the anticipated SEC rules, because we feel we have a better idea of what the final rules are likely to look like. The CRA3 situation in Europe again is more uncertain, in more of a speculative stage in terms of what the final product is going to look like, and how we will have to react at over what timeframe.
Raymond McDaniel: Sure, I'll start with CalPERS. There's not a lot new in recent months in the CalPERS litigation. As we mentioned on a prior earnings call, we filed an appeal in the California Court of Appeals seeking reversal of the lower court's decision, which deny our motion to dismiss under this anti-SLAPP statute in California. And the briefing on that appeal is not going to be completed until the end of the year. And after that the court will set a date for all arguments. So currently we don't know when the case will be argued or when it will be decided. So it's moving along quite slowly. With respect to de-leveraging and the banking sector, I'll make just a quick comment and then Linda or Michel may wish to add to that. The de-leveraging is continuing. We are seeing reduction in bank loans, particularly in Europe and the de-leveraging that's associated with that. We believe that is going to continue for a relatively long time as the banking system retrenches. The benefit of that as we've talked about is that that encourages corporations and municipal entities to go to the bond market and seek ratings. And our financial institutions area is the area that is most dominated of the ratings businesses by recurring revenue. Majority of our revenue in that area is recurring, and so we are less sensitive to the de-leveraging in that area. We also don't get the benefits of banks leveraging up when they do that, but in this environment we get the benefit of not having revenue reductions in the same degree that there is de-leveraging or retrenching.
Raymond McDaniel: Yes, it has been strong this year and much stronger than we've seen in previous years. How enduring a phenomenon that would be I think is somewhat uncertain. Right now, more than interest and risk coming from the U.S. investors than European investors, and so the European issuers have taken advantage of that. Whether that is going to change and the issuance will revert back to the EU going forward is uncertain, but I think we're in a position to rating in either case.
Raymond McDaniel: I guess I'll put it in two categories. One, there are some incremental things that can be done in terms of reducing mortgage qualification limit for that converted Fannie and Freddie. And that would move more of the market to the private label market, and would be more likely to be rated. But then there is the bigger structural question of the role that the government is going to play in the mortgage market on a long-term basis. And that is a politically, and fiscally, very, very changeling side of issues that the government is going to have to deal with. And so that's why we are cautious about any sizable expansion of the RMBS market in the near-term because of the dismal political dynamics.
Raymond McDaniel: Well, we've talked about it not specifically in the European sense, but in terms of the impact of disintermediation on our overall revenue growth is being a couple of points. And it's both anticipating what is happening from de-leveraging, but it's also looking at the pace at, which we have been getting new rating mandates over the last few years and that has been a reasonably steady pace. And in Europe coming, it's associated more with the stress in the banking sector, and in places like Asia it has been associated more with economic growth outpacing banking system capacity. So the underlying drivers of the disintermediation changed a bit by geography, but the consequence, the overall number of ratings mandates has been increasing, as I said at a pretty steady rate.
Raymond McDaniel: No, I don't think so. I hope I am wrong. But part of the turmoil in Europe is also corporations taking a conservative posture with respect to borrowing and business. And so even though, if they were to need additional capital, or desire additional capital, they are more likely to go to the bond market. They are also in a defensive mode, and so that's an offset.
Raymond McDaniel: I just want to thank you for joining the call today. We look forward to speaking with you, again after the New Year. Thank you.
Linda Huber: Let me speak a little bit about what we're seeing in pipelines, and then in high yield and leveraged pipeline. First looking at high grade and all this information comes from Morgan Stanley as of this morning. October, right now, stands at $78 billion of issuance for U.S. high grades and that has been the strongest October on record. The month could break $100 billion, if some big deals that are said to be in the pipeline come next week. But we did experience a warning regarding potential weather delays, which is something new. For November, expectations are about $70 billion for U.S. hybrid issuance, last year it was $77 billion and the average is about $63 billion, so a little bit above the average for November. For high yield and leveraged, last week we saw $12 billion in high-yield issuance and $9.3 billion in leverage loan, that's still very active. This week we've seen $7.5 billion both in high yield and in leverage loan. October saw $41 billion in high yields and $32 billion in leverage loans. Our Q3 issuance was a record post of financial crisis for the leveraged area, $112 billion in high-yield issuance for the third quarter and $81 billion in leverage loans. As Ray said, the fourth quarter will not be as strong as the third quarter, but will still be very active. The list of pipeline so far that can be seen for November is $19 billion in high yield and $10 billion in leverage loans. And again, a bit of concern that the first week of November could be low, due to the weather and then following with the elections, and obviously the usual watch outs for anything changing in the European situation.
Linda Huber: I just wanted to touch on the actual expense growth for this year. And if you look at the Q3 year-over-year, you'll see that last year we had $335 million of expenses, this year in the third quarter we had $418 million of expenses. The vast majority of that change, $59 million or 70% of that, is compensation. So very important to remember that three times this year we've increased guidance, and the main driver of expense increase is in fact the over-performance and the resulting incentive compensation, which results. Another cause of expense growth is our acquisitions, which added $18 million to the expenses in the third quarter. Now, some of that breaks out into compensation for new people, about $10 million of it. We had the increase in depreciation and amortization and some other non-comp expenses, and then we have a few other things in there. But again, if you look at the expense increase, which is 25% year-over-year, it would be 15% without the incentive compensation. So probably the best way to think about it is, if we normalize back to more normal performance last year. We try as hard as we can to have expense growth not exceed, and in fact be less than revenue growth. So we'll see where get to, as Ray said, for that in 2013. But we're mindful of expense growth, but this is a very fast growing business and we are continuing to support it.
Linda Huber: On share repurchase for the third quarter, as we said, we set $25 million, which is frankly less than we had hoped. We couldn't place our systematic share repurchase program and following our Investor Day, the stock price moved quite rapidly and in fact out of our repurchase zone. Because we realized that our performance was pretty good, we could not go back into the market opportunistically. So given the revised guidance, we're hoping to get back into share repurchase market here in the fourth quarter and be able to make some progress. But all of that of course is depended on market conditions.
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig, we can do that. We were thinking of calling Page 14 in the earnings release, the credit table. But going on to the revenue for corporate finance third quarter of 2012; total dollar corporate finance issuance $220.7 million; investment grade comprised of $55 million of that or about 25%; high yield was $52 million or 24% of the corporate finance total; bank loans $36.5 million or 17%; and other accounts $77 million or 35%. The big movement there year-over-year for the third quarter increased in the high-yield percentage, which basically doubled as a component from last year to this year, Craig. So that's a strong driver as well as the increase in the bank loans line.
Linda Huber: Going on to structured for third quarter: total issuance $93.1 million, up from $82 million of this quarter last year; so asset-backed securities $25.7 million, 28% of the total; residential mortgage-backed securities, which does include covered bonds, $20.3 million, 22% of the total; commercial real estate finance $23.6 million, which is 25% of the total; and derivatives $23.4 million, which is 25% of the total. Now, the bigger changes there would be, as Ray had noted in the commercial real estate lines, and also interestingly in the derivatives line, we saw more CLO issuance thus far in 2012 than we did in the entire period of 2008 to 2011. In fact, last week, there were five CLOs. So that market is doing quite well. Let me go on and go to financial institutions group, total revenue for the quarter $82.7 million, banking about $57 million of that or 69%; insurance $21 million, 26% of it; and managed investments $4.6 million, about 6% of the total; and each of those lines are pretty consistent to what we saw last year. For PPIF, $77 million for the quarter, $38 million in public finance and sovereign, 49% of the total; munis $4.4 million, 6% of the total; and project and infrastructure $34.5 million, about 45% of the total; so everything now looks relatively similar, little bit of an increase in project and infrastructure. Interestingly some of that out of in Europe, we understand that the ECB bond buying has created a bit of a more favorable environment for that type of issuance in Europe. Is that everything you need, Craig.
Linda Huber: We don't disclose that Craig. Generally commissions go in SG&A, and the incentive comps attracts to what each individual person is doing for the company, but we don't have that split out.
Linda Huber: Sure. We did $28 million and $59 million for the third quarter. We're thinking that for the fourth quarter. If we hit the mid-point of our guidance probably want to look at about $40 million for incentive compensation, which also includes a piece for profit sharing.
Linda Huber: I think the main majority of it would be what does go through the bonus line. I think, as Ray just said that each additional dollar of revenue, once we've covered the fixed cost would probably still come down to about $0.60 on the margin line, but it depends if there is anything unusual going on for that quarter, Craig.
Linda Huber: Craig, something that might interest you, since yearend last year, excluding our acquisitions we've hired about 330 people, that's 7% growth excluding acquisitions. Interestingly, about 200 of those are for Moody's Analytics, 110 or so are for the rating agency, and only 20 of those are for shared services. So 90% plus of the people that we've added this year are all for the revenue driving part of the business, not for the staff part of the business. So that's kind of give you some idea as to the balance and what we're trying to achieve.
Linda Huber: Manav, looking at my colleagues here who are running the lines of business that generate revenue, I think they are probably pretty happy with those total splits. We have had increases on the staff side for regulatory compliance, IT and other such things. And we hope we've come largely thorough that as we have said on previous calls. We will continue to add headcounts to drive very strong growth in both of these businesses. But it does take investment in people and resources to achieve double-digit revenue growth, which is pretty unusual in terms of the companies that have been reporting this week. We're feeling pretty good about these numbers, but we will need to continue to invest. And hopefully yes, that will continue to go to the revenue generating part of the business.
Linda Huber: I think we've come through some of that, but not all of it. As Ray stated in his prepared remarks, we do not yet have fully final rules on Dodd-Frank from the SEC. So it would be premature for us to say that we're through everything, yet. And as Ray also said, we don't know what the timing or the final shape of the CRA3 will be which makes it pretty difficult to put numbers on things.
Linda Huber: Sure. We've basically just re-scheduled some of the things we're planning to do here going into the end of the year. We wait for final Dodd-Frank Rules, and frankly we've held some capacities to deal with that. So it's nothing more than just trying to figure out what has to go first, and what we can do going next year.
Linda Huber: And to follow-up Doug, insurance year-over-year in Q3 moved from $18.5 million last year to $21.3 million this year. So it's a whole $2.8 million difference. It's not enormous. The guidance for FIG now is to increase in the mid-single digits for this year, which is up from flat to slightly up, which is what we had previously. So we expect that the activity will continue. It's not the biggest grower amongst our revenue lines.
