Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Senior Director of Investor Relations. We will begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the fourth quarter. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with the better-than-expected sales and earnings growth we achieved in the third quarter. These results demonstrate that customers continue to respond positively to the wide assortments of fresh and exciting bargains we offer throughout our stores. Earnings per share for the third quarter grew 15% to $0.53. Our net earnings that rose 12% to $216 million. Sales increased 7% to $2,783,000,000, with comparable store sales up 3% on top of last year's 4% gain. For the first 9 months of fiscal 2015, earnings per share grew 15% to $1.85, while net earnings rose 12% to $757 million. Year-to-date sales increased 8% to $8,689,000,000 with comparable store sales up 4%. dd's also posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits for the quarter and year-to-date periods. Men's was the strongest category at Ross during the quarter, while the Midwest was the top-performing region. Third quarter operating margin increased 30 basis points to 12.1%. These results were above plan and primarily driven by higher merchandise margins. As we ended the quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 14% over the prior year with packaway levels at 48% of total inventories compared to 42% last year. Average in-store inventories at quarter-end were down approximately 1% versus last year. As planned, we completed our 2015 store opening program during the third quarter with the addition of 19 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for a grand total of 84 new stores this year net of closures. We expect to end fiscal 2015 with 1,274 Ross and 172 dd's DISCOUNTS stores. Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter and the year. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are pleased with our fresh and exciting assortments of name, brand, bargains and gifts for this holiday season. Despite outperforming our sales and earnings target throughout 2015, there are a number of factors that still cause us to be cautious on forecasting the fourth quarter. First, we're up against our toughest sales comparison of the year. As Michael mentioned, comparable store sales in last year's fourth quarter were up a robust 6%; second, there is ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment; and third, based on the current retail landscape, we expect the upcoming holiday season to be highly promotional. As a result, while we always hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a conservative posture. Over the longer term, we remain confident about our prospects for respectable sales and earnings growth. This is based on 2 key factors: Our belief that off-price will remain a strong performing segment especially given consumers' ongoing focus on value; and our own proven ability to offer our customers compelling bargains on an everyday basis.  This is and always will be the key to success in our business. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, the buying environment, we continue to see a really strong supply of excess goods in the marketplace. As it pertains to packaway, packaway is typically the best bargains we carry on merchandise. We go in the market, we see what's available, we see what the great deals are and then we go in and pack it away. So we don't focus so much on the number itself, Ike. What we focus on is the value and the brands that we can offer to the customer. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, packaway typically represents the best bargains we have. So we feel that in the third quarter this merchandise likely benefited sales, and we expect it to help our sales in the fourth quarter as well. 
Barbara Rentler: We still feel good about home. We feel like we're well positioned for the holiday and for the fourth quarter. And we feel that in future '16, '17, there's still room to grow there. 
Barbara Rentler: Brian, as it pertains to men's, for years, we had difficult business in men's. But over the last couple of years, we continue really just to improve our execution. So we're just literally doing a better job than we had done before. So our men’s business, we feel pretty good about. 
Barbara Rentler: As it pertains to the promotional level during the quarter, it actually was pretty promotional during the entire quarter. It felt like there were a couple events that department stores added in October. But actually quite frankly, it's been promotional since Q2 and just kind of came across through back-to-school and then increased, I'd say, slightly in October. 
Barbara Rentler: Cold weather has been, I would say, difficult. I mean, it was difficult in October. We have relatively conservative plans in cold weather. We chased part of that business at the back-end of the season. So we can adjust as we come along the way. But it did start out slower than we would have liked. In terms of handbags and accessories, the business is still behind the chains performance, and we're still working our way through that. 
Barbara Rentler: So Michael,-- dd's, yes, dd's has reported to Michael for this period of time. Michael will -- Brian will report directly to me. Michael will be involved in -- heavily involved in this transition of Brian into the company. And there are no other senior management jobs opened at dd's at this point. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Brian has a very deep, broad-based experience. I mean, he has over 30 years of experience in a variety of sectors, including moderate department stores and most recently off-price retail. So this experience, along with his strong leadership skills, we think he's really going to be a valuable resource for dd's. Worrying about whether he can make the transition to a low to moderate customer, we don't foresee that as any problem. We think he's a very good merchant and a good merchant can merchandise, all areas. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, the supply is very broad-based. It's a great time to be a buyer. We'll leave you with that. 
Barbara Rentler: The buyers have plans. It's not just free-for-all, they're out there buying. There's strategy, there's a plan, there is a plan by business segment of how much we think it's appropriate. All that being said, one of the benefits of our model is that we're flexible. So if we were to see a large amount of product in a classification or a business we weren't planning on particularly driving and that product could help us drive the business, we would put money into the plan, and we would flex. So that's just one of the benefits of being in the off-price business. 
Barbara Rentler: Juniors performed slightly above the chain and was up against a very tough compare. With that, we had a couple of execution issues, which we have corrected. 
Barbara Rentler: So we actually -- Michael talked about all the difference metrics we have to measure packaway. We actually constantly look at the values that we have in there. Now, the merchants, when they put merchandise in packaway, they're thinking of it from a promotional perspective. So the packaway that we own today would have been packaway we would have bought end of Q2, into Q3 when they were -- we were already seeing that promotional environment coming across. Say they know when they put it in there, that there has to be a variance to what's going on in the world. All that being said, if there was something in packaway that we didn't think was the right value during our processes, we would capture that. And there's a lot of size, a lot of size around packaway and what's in there, we would put it out, and we would mark it down and we would move on. But really the heads-up for merchants with something in packaway is, they have to feel comfortable that when they take it out. It really is going to be a great branded bargain. And so there's a lot of size and rules and questions around what that looks like before they put it into packaway. 
Barbara Rentler: We're in a good position going into what we would call a volatile climate. So we feel pretty comfortable with where we are. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 3% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, third quarter operating margin was better than planned, rising 30 basis points from last year to 12.1%. Cost of goods sold declined 45 basis points, driven by a 45 basis point increase in merchandise margins and a 5 basis point improvement each in freight and buying costs. This was partially offset by a 10 basis point increase in distribution expenses related to recent infrastructure investments that were partially offset by the favorable timing of packaway-related costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by about 15 basis points due in part to higher wages. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $179 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 10.4 million shares for an aggregate price of $530 million. We remain on track to repurchase a total of $700 million in common stock for the year under the 2-year, $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in February of this year. Let's turn now to our fourth quarter guidance, which remains unchanged from what we communicated in August. For the 13 weeks ending January 30, 2016, we continue to expect same-store sales to be flat to up 1% on top of a strong 6% gain last year, with earnings per share projected to be $0.60 to $0.63 compared to $0.60 last year. The operating statement assumptions for our fourth quarter guidance include the following: Total sales are forecasted to grow 4% to 5% on the previously mentioned comparable store sales forecast of flat to up 1%.  If sales perform in line with this guidance, operating margin is projected to be 12.6% to 12.8% versus 13.1% in the prior year. The forecasted decline versus last year is mainly due to our expectation for higher distribution expenses from recent infrastructure investments and the timing of packaway-related costs. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $5 million. Our tax rate is planned at approximately 37% to 38%, and we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 403 million. Based on this guidance, we now project earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.48, up 11% to 12% over $2.21 in fiscal 2014. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: This is Michael Hartshorn. The sales performance was fairly broad-based across regions as we mentioned the Midwest was our strongest region, which has been true over the past 7 quarters. California, our largest region performed in line with the chain. And then as far as Texas, Texas was in line with the chain average for the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, yes, Kimberly. So there's a couple of buckets. You mentioned there is packaway inventory, there's store inventory and there's also in-transit inventory on the way to the distribution center. As we mentioned, total inventory was up 14% and packaway was up at 48% of total inventories. In-transit inventory for us was actually down versus last year because we're up against the start of our mitigation efforts because of the slowdown in the port. So those are the primary 3 buckets. 
Michael Hartshorn: The primary difference and the reason we called out wages is typically we'd say 3% is our leverage point. And as you know, there's always timing differences from quarter-to-quarter. A part of that deleverage was due to wages and there are some other timing differences that were not as meaningful. Longer term, we still believe that we think we can lever at the 3% comp point. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I mean, it's a good question. We're obviously in the midst of our budget cycle today and would expect to be able to provide some more color on the fourth quarter call. As we previously mentioned, we took our minimum wage up to $9 across the chain this year, and those adjustments, along with any offsets are included in our guidance this year for 11% to 12% EPS growth. We do view the labor markets as dynamic. We think, as the economy improves over the next couple of years, there will be additional wage pressure out there. But like this year, we will do our work and where we can, we'll find efficiencies throughout our business to attempt to mitigate the impact of any cost pressures we have in our business. 
Michael Hartshorn: I think, at this point, Michael, we'll be in a better position to answer questions on 2016 in our fourth quarter call. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of merchandise performance, home and apparel were fairly -- they're both in line with the chain overall. And frankly, the only other call out we'd say is what we said in the comments was men's was our strongest performance, merchandise category. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Oliver. So we outperformed the high end of our comp sales target during the quarter. So that meant that we had faster inventory turns resulting in lower markdowns, that was also helped by the fact that we ran at -- with inventories down about 1% during the quarter. We also benefited from our ability to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. And in addition, we did see some benefit from ongoing improvements in our inventory shortage we typically take, our physical inventory in the third quarter. So all of those contributed to do better-than-planned merchandise margin during the quarter. In-store inventories for the fourth quarter, we are, again, planning them to be down during the quarter so that should answer the question. 
Michael Hartshorn: So Oliver, as you mentioned, so the 3% comp was driven by both higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. The higher basket was a combination of higher units per transaction and also a higher AUR. I mean, for us, the way we do that is that we've been successful delivering great bargains to the customer, and that's the way we think about it. We don't look at the composition when we're planning our comps. 
Michael Hartshorn: I think, at this point, David, if we perform ahead of plan like we did in third quarter, I think our expectations would be that it's up a bit over last year. 
Michael Hartshorn: We didn't call it out separately. We did call out obviously, the DCs. We said DCs were going to be a drag on the back half with the Central Valley DC of about 30 basis points. But we didn't call out the packaway piece separately. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, So, our guidance -- yes, it's a good question. Our guidance assumes that it does normalize by year-end. We said overall operating margins were going to be down 30 to 50 basis points, primarily driven, really, by 3 things: One, the comp at flat to 1%, plus DC costs that would delever because of the infrastructure investments and the timing of packaway. 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, it's Michael. Really two things. One because we operated with less inventory, it means that we had less clearance so that drives a portion of the AUR increase and then there's always mixes by business that contribute. 
Michael Hartshorn: So of the 45 basis point improvement, last year, it's about a third of it -- a little less than a third. 
Michael Hartshorn: Stephen, it's Michael. So, I mean, we're looking everywhere. We're looking at nonpayroll, payroll. We're looking for efficiencies throughout the business. So I think we'll continue to do that. We're doing that in our budget process, and we'll be able to give you an update at the end of the year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Your question about dd's. As Barbara mentioned in her remarks, dd's posted better-than-expected sales and profits. We don't typically break dd's out at the regional level, but, overall, we are very happy with dd's performance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think it's unlikely. We -- as you say for several years now, we've been very happy with how the dd's business has developed. And we feel very good about the business over the longer term. But we opened, as you say, just over 20 stores a year of dd's. The chain is now around about 170 stores. So 20 stores a year on the base of 170 is still relatively large incremental addition every year. So we think it's likely that we'll remain in that ballpark, 20 to 25 stores a year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: As long as it hasn't been released for sale, we treat it as packaway. Once it's released for sale, then it counts as part of our selling store inventory. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I actually was just going to make a point that, I guess, in Barbara's remarks, she broke out total inventory. So the way to think about is our total inventories are up 14%. Our selling store inventory, the inventory that's actually in the store for sale, was down slightly. Obviously, that's a key metric for us because with a 3% comp and within store inventory down slightly, that means that we're achieving cost returns and better merchandise margin. 
Michael O'Sullivan: That's right. Anything else in our distribution center is on its way to the -- it's being processed. It's on it's way out the door, and therefore would not count as packaway. 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's the latter, Kimberly. Conceptually, we think if the customer has more money in their pockets, that's a good thing for us. But very hard for us to sort of dissect that and split it out in terms of to what degree that's a driving our comp. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Michael, I don't think we get into that level of detail in terms of how we go after the business. But it's suffice to say that we agree with you. We think what's really driving the retail environment right now is that the customer's looking for value and our focus is to provide the best value we can, put the best bargains in front of the customer, and that's what will drive the business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Brian on your question about Midwest, so yes, we're very happy with performance in the Midwest. I think Michael Hartshorn had mentioned earlier that actually for the past 7 quarters now, the Midwest has been one of the top performing regions. Yes, when we entered the Midwest just over 3 years ago, we said that we expected it to be a very successful business over time. And we're certainly pleased with the progress that we've made and that reinforces our confidence in the region.. In terms of additional new markets, I mean, the Midwest is, I think you will appreciate, it's a pretty big area and there are a lots of individual markets within the Midwest. So our focus right now and probably for the next few years is going to be to build out our presence in those markets. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I'll handle the second piece of your question there, Bob, on the fourth quarter. And I think as Barbara had outlined in her remarks, we think it makes sense to be relatively conservative in the fourth quarter with the ongoing economic uncertainty. Secondly, the environment looks like it will be fairly promotional. Some of that is based upon just what we're seeing in terms of the recent reports in department stores. Those reports we have to think this could be a very promotional fourth quarter. And then the final point, but perhaps most important is that we're up against the 6% comp. Last fourth quarter, we reported really the terrific 6% comps. So we're up against that number. The other point I'd make is in our business, we typically plan our business relatively conservatively. That's kind of -- probably the first bullet point in our playlist. We plan the business conservatively, and then we know we can chase the business if the sales are there. So I think, we think it's best to plan conservatively, but then hope to do better. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, I think it's not all about inventories. I think it's a combination of inventories and sales trend and at least what we've seen, and  you've seen the same numbers, the data we've seen suggest that actually the sales trend hasn't lived up to people's expectations. So, although the inventory levels may not move that much from quarter to quarter, the sales trend has deteriorated, and that's what could really drive it be more promotional in the fourth quarter. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think we've described our longer-term model as we believe that our long-term average comp should be in the region of 3%. We feel pretty comfortable about our ability to achieve that kind of comp number. And certainly, if you look out at the last 10, even further back 15 years, the data would suggest that, that's a reasonable expectation. Now in any given year, it could be plus or minus 1 or 2 points in any of the direction depending upon the circumstances, the economic environment, the competitive environment, the comps were up against, et cetera. But I think if you're modeling in 3% on an average basis, I think that's appropriate. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Charlotte, no really, no. I mean the new competition I think you're referring to frankly is just too small to really have any kind of impact, so no. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Matthew, in terms of the new stores, I would say that we've been very happy with the performance of our new stores actually over the last several years and this year has been no exception. We've been happy with how they performed. Certainly, this year, I think for the last few years, they have exceeded our initial sales plan. In terms of a time frame for new markets, I wouldn't give you a time frame at this point. I think we have -- we have plenty of opportunity left in, frankly, in our existing markets as well as in the Midwest. So I think that's going to keep us busy certainly for the next few years. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Roxanne, I think, we think, well, I know we think about our inventory on a segmented basis. We think about in-store inventory, which is really the inventory that's available in front of the customer, but we manage that very tightly and as we talked about earlier on this call. Over the third quarter, that showed a slight decline versus last year, and that's what we look for. We look for some ability to drive returns and therefore drive markdown improvement and margin improvements. So that's how we think about the in-store piece of inventory. Separately, we think about packaway based upon what's available in the marketplace. And if we see terrific opportunities in the marketplace, our merchants are encouraged to take advantage of those and that means packing away those goods. And if packaway rises over a period of time, that's because we've seen great bargains in the marketplace that we like. So that's kind of how we think about inventory, the different buckets of inventory. 
Michael O'Sullivan: One other point on that, Roxanne, is we do -- as you'd expect, we have pretty significant controls over what's in packaway. So we control very carefully sort of the aging of packaway, how long it's allowed to stay in there, what kind of goods. We manage all aspects of that as you'd expect. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. The new customers that we've attracted, frankly over the last several years demographically, they look a lot like our existing customers. What they all have in common is they're all looking for great value. For great bargains. In terms of your point about the age, we've always disproportionately attracted slightly younger customers, and that continues to be true. When you look at the growth of our Juniors business over time, that's a good manifestation of that. But as I say, I would say that demographics of our new customers pretty similar to the demographics from our existing customers. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, I think we're pretty happy with the availability of real estate locations and the rents we're seeing. There's a lot going on in the retail industry, not just in the apparel retail, but in others sectors, office supplies, electronic, et cetera, which means that there is availability of real estate. And we have a terrific real estate team who over the years, have been able to secure great locations, that afford us great deals. So we're pretty happy with the outlook there. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Stephen, we always slice and dice our business. We look at how different stores are doing based characteristics like demographics, cotenants, et cetera. And frankly, there's nothing to call out there. It's been broad-based. There's been nothing there that's really impacted us. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So David, I would say that what always drive our business as a chain and actually regionally is having great product in the stores. And I think, we feel very good about the assortments that we have in our Midwest stores and ultimately that's really what's driven our business there over the past couple of years. 
