Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations.  We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  As noted in today's press release, we are pleased that our third quarter results were ahead of our expectations. Earnings per share for the period were $1.03, up from $0.91 last year. Net earnings grew to $371 million from $338 million in the prior year. Total sales for the third quarter increased 8% to $3.8 billion, with comparable store sales up a strong 5% on top of last year's 3% gain.  For the third quarter, we saw broad-based strength across both merchandise departments and geographic regions with Children's and the Midwest performing the best. We also continue to see improving sales trends in our Ladies Apparel business. While this area becomes less important as we move into the fourth quarter, we believe the actions we are taking here will lead to ongoing improvement during the holiday selling season and into 2020.  Operating margin of 12.4% was above plan, mainly due to better-than-expected sales and merchandise margins. For the first 9 months of fiscal 2019, earnings per share were $3.32, up from $3.06 last year. Net earnings were $1.2 billion versus $1.1 billion in the first 9 months of 2018. Sales year-to-date rose 7% to $11.6 billion, with comparable stores up 3% on top of a 3% gain last year.  As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 10% over the prior year, while packaway was 39% of the total compared to 41% last year. Average in-store inventories at the end of the period were up 3%. Dd's DISCOUNTS continue to perform well, with robust above-plan growth in both sales and operating profit.  Turning to our store expansion program. We opened 30 new Ross and 12 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the third quarter, completing our 2019 store opening program. We expect to end the year with 1,546 Ross and 259 dd's locations for a net increase of 89 for fiscal 2019. Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the remainder of the year. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. As we mentioned earlier, we are pleased with our solid sales and earnings performance in the third quarter. We believe these above-plan results demonstrate that we are well positioned to compete effectively in today's volatile retail environment, given consumers' continued focus on value and convenience. However, as we look ahead, we expect another highly competitive fourth quarter. In addition, we are up against strong multiyear sales and earnings comparison, a shortened calendar between Thanksgiving and Christmas, and ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and political landscape. Therefore, although we hope to do better, we believe it best to maintain a cautious posture heading into the holiday selling season.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Our main focus will be to build upon the success of our gift-giving assortment. I mean we've built that gifts throughout the entire store. And we feel good about that. And we feel that we're offering gift items at really compelling values because we really feel that value remains the most critical factor for her, where she makes her shopping decisions. And we believe that we're really positioned to deliver on this. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to the buying environment now versus the earlier part of the year, there's been plenty of availability in the marketplace pretty much all year. I'd say it's been consistent, whether it's vendors bringing goods in for tariff or just supply coming from sales falling off in the department store sector. There's been a lot of goods all along. And what we're really seeing is that the availability is broad based across brands and categories. So it's really a good buying time. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of availability of product from a good, better, best point of view, the availability is truly broad based in all 3, across all brands and categories. I mean there's really a large assortment of products to choose from. So I wouldn't say, just focus on one, I'd say, available in all. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to Ladies, yes, as I said, the business performed slightly above our expectations. And we expect to see more ongoing progress. We were pleased with the pace of the improvement in the Ladies business during the quarter. Obviously, I'm not going to go into more detail than that, but we expect to see ongoing progress in Q4 and beyond. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. The Kids business really, really benefited from strong execution of the merchandise strategy. We have a very strong team. They've put a strategy in place, and they really stick to their mantra and then have done a really fine job. The business itself is pretty broad based in terms of performance across total Kids. Our Men's performance has been strong, it's been strong for a number of years. Continues to be strong. It's performed pretty much in line with chain average. And we also feel like we have a solid strategy in there and the business continues to move forward. I mean there's supply, there's been some good opportunities in Men's also. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So far, we really haven't seen any material changes in pricing so far. I mean the merchants are constantly competitive shopping and trying to stay on top of that. But to your point, we're not the lead, we're following pricing. So we'll have to wait and see how different retailers ultimately react to the higher cost and how they approach pricing, and then we'll go from there. But we're not the lead, we definitely follow. And again, to date, we really haven't seen any material changes. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So listen, back to the Ladies scenario, what I would say about Ladies, rather than rehashing, is that we believe that we have the right initiatives underway to drive sales growth through the fourth quarter and then into 2020. We continually see improvement. And although we're never fully satisfied with any part of our business, we're happy that at least it's moved in the right direction, and we feel like we have a strategy in place as we go throughout 2020. 
Barbara Rentler: So the beauty business has been one of our growth areas and continues to expand as we add additional classifications of products and broaden the assortments. And so we feel good about beauty as a growth business and it continues to grow sequentially quarter-to-quarter. The Ladies Apparel business, as we've gone through the year, has progressively improved. And as I've said, as we're looking forward, we expect to see ongoing progress. 
Barbara Rentler: I think -- look, I think your Ladies -- Ladies Apparel business is tough. Our core customer is a woman. So obviously, it makes the entire business more difficult. But when we think about the Ladies customer, we don't think of her as just apparel. So we think of her more holistically. So we think of her as apparel and shoes and cosmetics, all these handbags, all the things that satisfy her. So when -- this is all anecdotal. So this isn't going to be anything from any fact other than -- the other businesses that were healthy, like beauty, were healthy. They're healthy and continued to grow, while Ladies was difficult. And so I don't necessarily -- I think she bought other products in the store. However, I think she probably would have bought those products even if Ladies apparel had been good or better, I should say, than what it was because those businesses are growing exponentially and there's lots of products and things for her to choose from. So I think in the end, it all just becomes about the assortments that we deliver. If we deliver compelling bargains and compelling assortments and we do that in Ladies Apparel and we do it in all the other things that satisfy her personally, all businesses and all ships will arrive. But I think also when we don't do that in an area as big as Ladies, there's potentially some total impact, I think, to the total store, but I think that's very difficult to quantify. But if you think that she is our core customer, it would be logical. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our third quarter results. Our 5% comparable store sales gain was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. Third quarter operating margin of 12.4% was above plan and similar to last year. Cost of goods sold increased 10 basis points in the period. Merchandise margin grew by 20 basis points, while occupancy and buying levered by 10 and 5, respectively. These favorable items were more than offset by distribution expenses that increased 45 basis points, mainly due to the unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and higher wages. Freight was flat for the quarter.  Selling and general and administrative expenses for the period decreased 10 basis points. During the third quarter and first 9 months of fiscal 2019, we repurchased 3.0 million and 9.6 million shares, respectively, of common stock for a total purchase price of $326 million and $966 million, respectively. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.275 billion in stock for the year.  Let's turn now to our fourth quarter outlook. As noted in today's press release, we continue to project fourth quarter comparable store sales to increase 1% to 2% versus a 4% gain last year. In addition, our guidance for fourth quarter earnings per share remains unchanged at $1.20 to $1.25, which now includes a onetime noncash benefit of $0.02 per share, primarily due to the favorable resolution of a tax matter, offset by slightly higher pretax expenses. This forecasted guidance compares to $1.20 per share in the prior period, which also included a onetime per share benefit of $0.07 related to the favorable resolution of a tax matter.  Excluding both of these onetime items and if comparable sales only perform in line with our guidance, earnings per share are forecasted to grow 4% to 9% over last year.  The operating statement assumptions for the fourth quarter include the following: total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%. Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 13.0% to 13.2% compared to last year's 13.2%. We expect net interest income of about $2.3 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 22% to 23%, which includes the aforementioned onetime tax benefit. And weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about $357 million. Based on our year-to-date results and updated fourth quarter guidance, we now project earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $4.52 to $4.57 compared to $4.26 in fiscal 2018, which included the previously mentioned onetime per share benefit of $0.07.  Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure, this is Travis. In terms of the distribution cost expenses, as we said, they were related to a couple of things: one, unfavorable timing of packaway, and then also wages. With respect to wages, there were a couple of things that have impacted that, as you all are aware. Last year, we raised our national minimum wage to $11 across the country. We did anniversary that after the second quarter of this year. Beyond that, there were ongoing state and municipal wage increases, particularly in California. California wages went up in January by $1, and they'll continue to do so for the next couple of years. The wage increases do impact both stores and distribution centers. But as we manage the business this year, more of our cost mitigation efforts ended up in the SG&A line. In terms of guidance, going forward, we feel comfortable with the guidance that we have. We do expect some continued pressure and it's built into the guidance that we gave. 
Travis Marquette: In terms of the components of sales, as we mentioned, the comp was driven by both higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. The average basket was driven more by items per basket, that was up, while AURs were down a little bit. In terms of traffic versus basket, it was pretty evenly split. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I guess, let me answer that question first. Packaway dollars were actually higher year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter. The unfavorability relates to sort of the magnitude of the increase compared to last year, so they were up less than last year, but we typically see a benefit on the P&L from packaway this quarter. Your question on the 45 basis points, yes, it was packaway timing and wages was the answer. 
Travis Marquette: We lapped the $11 increase that we did sort of as a minimum across the company that was lapped after Q2. And so these are primarily related to sort of state minimum increases. There's state and local minimum wage increase. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, this is Travis. Just in terms of the expenses, we did have a couple of extra pennies of expenses in Q4 and those are really split across cost of goods and SG&A. We wouldn't be more specific really beyond that. 
Travis Marquette: And AUR is not something that we plan, we don't. We don't target a specific AUR. It's really an output of the process, not an input. 
Travis Marquette: Sure. Yes. Our new store performance has been pretty consistent for the last couple of years. As you might imagine, performance in our established existing markets tend to be a little bit higher. It's a little bit lower in our new markets, but the average has worked out to around 60% to 65% over the last couple of years, and we're still seeing that. If we talk about sort of the opportunity for future growth, we're pretty comfortable with the 100 stores per year. We've been doing that -- 100 gross stores per year, we've been doing that for a little while now, and we think it sort of aligns with our ability to make sure we find the right sites. We're not sort of forced to make decisions that we wouldn't -- sort of wouldn't be as beneficial to us. And we can open them in a way that sort of drives their success. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. As we've discussed, Kids was the top-performing category. Performance was pretty broad based to both -- across both categories and geographic regions. Aside from Kids, some of the -- shoes was also a strong category. Geographically, the Southeast and Southwest were also strong performers. But again, performance was pretty broad based. 
Travis Marquette: And on that $0.02 of additional expenses, those are just for -- we expect those just to be for Q4 only. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. This is Travis. We don't specifically comment on results month-to-month. Generally speaking, there wasn't a lot of variation in terms of weather. Again, it wasn't a significant impact at all for the quarter. In terms of accessories and performance, again, it performed pretty close in line with the chain. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, the Midwest has been one of our best-performing regions ever since we entered the market many years ago. We -- I think the customer has responded well to sort of the values and the product that we offer them. And so we've been very pleased with the performance ever since we entered. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. So our long-term earnings algorithm has not changed. A combination of new store growth, comp growth, EBIT margin expansion at the high end and then the buyback program. The one thing that I would throw in the mix with a lot of uncertainty around it is tariffs. So net of tariffs, we haven't changed our long-term algorithm. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in our commentary, total inventory was actually up 10%. Packaway was 39% versus 41% last year. But on an absolute basis, packaway was actually up year-over-year. The percentage was a function of higher inbound in transit, so that was higher for us. And we brought in product earlier to support the holiday selling season. I'd say, overall, as Barbara mentioned, we continue to see plenty of availability, but our buyers are very strategic to ensure we have the best values. And then I'd also add that we did flow packaway to chase the ahead-of-plan sales from the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on dd's, we don't break that out separately. I'd just repeat what we said in the commentary. We're very happy with the results. They're performing well, and robust above-plan growth in both sales and operating profits. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. For Q4, right now, we have $0.01 to $0.02 built into the impact. Obviously, they just went in place, especially in apparel and shoes, in the third quarter. It's too early to speak about the impact longer term. Obviously, the longer the tariffs remain in place, the more pressure it'll put on the retail marketplace. So the situation remains very fluid at this point, so we wouldn't comment at this point beyond that. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Michael, on the guidance, we didn't change the guidance coming out of Q3 into Q4. As we said, we guided with comp at 1% to 2%. And just to reiterate what we said in the commentary, we expect it to be highly competitive and especially with the recent department store performance in Q3. And we're obviously up against a strong multiyear comparison. We have a shortened calendar between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And there continues to be uncertainty in both the macroeconomic and certainly the political landscape. I'd add, historically, the shorter calendar compresses sales with minimum impact to the overall quarter. That said, the shorter calendar can add some uncertainty if there's a weather disruption, for instance, especially near the Christmas holidays, it's more difficult to overcome. But we believe it's the best way to manage our business with a cautious posture during the holiday season. 
Michael Hartshorn: You know what, the key for us is to plan the business cautiously. And if we can beat the sales plan, one, we can turn faster, which helps on the markdown line. And then two, we chase the business with closeouts, which typically have better margins. So that's the secret sauce. If we can beat our sales plan, that's our opportunity. 
Michael Hartshorn: And I would just add that on the new store openings, our line of sight is really just a couple of years out. That's what we can see in the hopper from a real estate standpoint, so we're comfortable with that number. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, for us, it was really about the compressed calendar. And we thought we had some opportunities that we may have missed going into the quarter last year. So that was -- it was in our plan at the beginning of the year, and we executed to it. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the resell competition, relative to the resell business model, we believe we have a differentiated value offering. We've obviously competed with many different retailers over the years and our focus is making sure we continue to offer our customers the best branded value as possible. 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, I'll jump in there and take all 3 of those. So on e-commerce, our view has not changed. We think that the moderate off-price business, which is what we're in, would not work in an online environment with a $10 to $11 AUR. The economics with free shipping and returns are just not financially sustainable, and we don't see any way that, that business would be accretive to our profit. In terms of real estate growth over the next several years, our focus will continue to be building in the Midwest about, call it, 10% to 15% of those stores and continue to grow in existing markets, and we'll continue to do that over the next couple of years before we would enter into the rest of the country, including the Northeast. And then, real estate trends, really not significant changes. We've not seen any significant changes in terms of rent or lease terms recently. 
Michael Hartshorn: Mike, on the tariffs, our original guidance assumed $0.01 impact in Q3 and then the $0.01 to $0.02 in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the tariffs just went into effect for the latest tranche, Tranche 4A, in September, so mid-quarter. I would also say that we had pre-tariff packaway inventory and pre-tariff purchase orders that enabled us to mitigate the impact in Q3, where you saw we had a 20 basis point improvement in merchandise margin. 
Michael Hartshorn: I think going forward, it's been down -- if you go back a decade, I mean we brought down inventories over 40% in front of the customer. Given the way we plan the business, if we posture the plans at a lower level and we can beat those plans, that's really -- like margin, that's our opportunity to turn faster. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I think if we look ahead, certainly, we'll start a year with a cautious outlook on sales. And if we can drive ahead of the sales plan, that's where our margin opportunity is going to be. This year, I would point out, even though we've been able to mitigate the tariff impact, the home, accessories and cosmetics, Tranches 1 through 3 have been in place all year, and we've spent a lot of time trying to mitigate those, and then here with Tranche 4. So again, what's different going into next year is tariffs, which are very uncertain at this point. 
