Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer. We will begin with a review of our third quarter performance followed by our outlook for the upcoming holiday season, after which we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. We are pleased with the strong sales and earnings gains we generated in the third quarter and first 9 months of 2012. Our better-than-expected results year-to-date were driven by our ongoing ability to offer shoppers a fresh and exciting array of compelling name-brand bargains for the family and the home. In addition, operating of stores on lower inventories while strictly controlling expenses continues to enhance profit margins. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 27, 2012, increased 14% to $0.72, up from $0.63. These results are on top of a 24% gain in last year's third quarter. Net earnings for the quarter grew 11% to $159.5 million. Sales rose 11% to $2,263,000,000 with comparable store sales up 6% following 5% growth in the third quarter of 2011. For the 9 months ended October 27, 2012, earnings per share were $2.46, up from $2.01. These results represent a 22% increase versus a 24% gain last year. Net earnings for the period rose 18% to $550.2 million, up from $465.2 million for the first 9 months of 2011. Sales for the first 9 months of 2012 increased 12% to $6,960,000,000 with comparable store sales up 7% on top of a 5% gain for the same period last year. Merchandising geographic trends were broad-based for the third quarter. Juniors was the best-performing category, while the Southwest Texas and Florida showed the most geographic strength.  Earnings before interest and taxes in the 2012 third quarter grew to a record 11.3% of sales, up from 10.9% last year. As a percent of sales, higher merchandise margin, lower distribution cost and leverage on occupancy and general, selling and administrative expenses were partially offset by a lower shortage benefit in the prior year and increases in freight and buying costs. John will provide additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes. As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 9% over last year, while packaway levels were 46% of total inventories compared to 43% at this time in 2011. More importantly, average in-store inventories were down 6% at the end of the quarter, and we continue to target selling store inventories to decline in the mid-single-digit range for the fourth quarter. Now let's turn to dd's DISCOUNTS. dd's continued to generate solid results in the third quarter with better-than-expected sales and profitability. Like Ross, dd's is benefiting from our ability to offer a wide assortment of terrific bargains while also operating the business on reduced inventory levels. We continue to expect dd's to generate improved growth in pretax earnings for 2012 compared to last year.  We also recently completed our store expansion program for the year, adding 31 new Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS locations combined in the third quarter for a total of 80 new stores in 2012 as planned.  Now John will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our guidance for the fourth quarter. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. As previously noted, we are pleased with our strong performance for the first 9 months of 2012. Our financial results reflect that we continue to benefit from our ability to efficiently execute our off-price strategies, making our stores attractive destinations for today's value-conscious customers. As we enter the important fourth quarter, our merchants are doing a terrific job of delivering plenty of bargain-priced gifts and fashions for the family and the home. That said, during the holiday season, it is always difficult to predict how commercial and other retailers may become or how current macroeconomic and political uncertainties may impact consumer spending. In addition, as John noted, same-store sales increased a robust 7% in the fourth quarter of 2011 for our most challenging comparison of the year. So while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain our prior fourth quarter forecast for both sales and earnings.  Based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter guidance, earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 2, 2013, are now forecast to be $3.45 to $3.50, which includes the estimated earnings per share benefit of $0.08 to $0.09 from the extra week.  On a 52-week basis, our guidance range for fiscal 2012 represents solid projected earnings per share growth of 17% to 19% on top of a 24% increase in fiscal 2011, when we reported earnings per share of $2.86. Looking ahead, our top priority continues to be maximizing our ability to offer shoppers the best bargains possible. Investing in our merchant organization has been and still is our most important initiative. And today, we have hundreds of merchants sourcing products from thousands of vendors. Our commitment to increasing these key resources should ensure that we will have ongoing access to an abundance of exciting name-brand products to drive our future growth.  In closing, we continue to target average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15% over the longer term. We believe we can achieve this through a combination of store growth, same-store sales gains, sustainable operating margins and the benefit to earnings per share from our ongoing stock repurchase program.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Michael Balmuth: And on inventory levels going forward, we haven't established all our levels for next year, but I would anticipate that we'd have further reductions, probably in the low-single-digit range. 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to Home, on a short-term basis, we have business well positioned, we believe, for gift-giving for the holiday period. And as we look further out, the way we approach things, first we ramp up more organization and we have in Home to help fuel some of the categories as business opportunities are starting to present themselves in more small-furniture-type businesses that we believe in in Home that relate to housing industry. 
Michael Balmuth: It seems fairly promotional, okay? We probably say that every year to -- at this time. But certainly, with what's going on in terms of hours for Thanksgiving, it certainly seems like people position themselves pretty aggressively in promotions. Inventory levels, there's one store in the midtier that has certainly has stated that their inventory levels are much higher. The inventory levels look relatively under control. 
Michael Balmuth: And Home, we saw some issues starting in first quarter, and by third quarter, we were seeing portions of Home get back on track, and we're feeling good about our prospects going forward and getting the rest of it on track. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, you have that.  There is some concern out there that retailers who have a big presence in the Northeast, which is most companies, got hurt with Sandy and might promote a little more aggressively than normal as we move through the month and the holiday season. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores, and have a great day and a terrific holiday. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 6% comparable store sales gain in the third quarter was driven by mid-single-digit growth in the number of transactions combined with a low-single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Operating margin grew by about 35 basis points in the quarter to 11.3% as 40 basis points of leverage on selling, general and administrative cost was partially offset by a 5-basis-point increase in the cost of goods sold compared to the prior year. The slight increase in cost of goods sold consisted of 30 basis points of higher merchandise margin, 15 basis points of leverage on occupancy costs and distribution expenses that declined approximately 45 basis points.  The latter was mainly due to favorable timing of packaway-related processing costs. These improvements were offset by 45 basis points from a lower shortage benefit than the prior year and buying and freight expenses that increased 25 basis points each. Shortage results from this year's annual physical inventory were better than expected, adding about $0.02 in earnings per share. However, the favorable variance versus our reserves was larger in the third quarter of 2011, when we realized a $0.04 benefit. In addition, last year's third quarter was aided by a lower tax rate due to favorable tax audit settlements that added approximately $0.02 to earnings per share.  Our repurchase program also remains on track as we bought back 1.7 million shares in the quarter for a total purchase price of $111 million. As a result, year-to-date, we have repurchased 5.4 million shares for a total price of $334 million. We expect to buy $116 million in common stock during the fourth quarter, which will complete the 2-year $900 million program announced in early 2011. Let's turn now to our guidance for the fourth quarter. As noted in today's press release, we continue to forecast earnings per share of $0.99 to $1.04 for the 14 weeks ending February 2, 2013. This compares to $0.85 for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2012. The benefit to EPS from the 53rd week in 2012 is estimated to be about $0.08 to $0.09 and is included in this guidance range.  Operating statement assumptions for the quarter include the following: we are targeting total sales to grow about 12% to 13%, driven by a combination of new store growth; same-store sales that are forecast to be up 1% to 2% and the benefit from this year's 53rd week. As a reminder, we have a challenging comparison as same-store sales were up a robust 7% in last year's fourth quarter. Comparable store sales are planned to be flat to up 1% in November, up 2% to 3% in December and up 1% to 2% in January. December is expected to be the strongest month of the quarter as it has 2 extra shopping days before Christmas compared to 2011. Same-store sales increased 5%, 9% and 5%, respectively, in November, December and January of last year.  We are targeting fourth quarter operating margin of 13.2% to 13.5%. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $1 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 221 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
John Call: Kimberly, this is John. In terms of new store productivity, the new stores this year are achieving what we had planned them to achieve at around 70% of average store volumes. So we're pretty pleased with that. Having said that, as we go into new markets and with both Ross and dd's, we do plan those levels slightly lower than if we're in market in some of those stores. So we're actually pretty pleased with how the new stores are coming on. And your second question was around where merchant buying costs might lever. As is our # 1 priority to obtain bargains for our customers, we continue to invest in the merchant group, and I think we'll continue to do that. So to say at what point in time it will ultimately lever, we think that we that it probably should grow with or probably slightly faster than sales growth, so we'll continue to make those investments. 
John Call: Evren, I'll answer your first question on the average basket. It's being driven by slightly higher AURs, which could be slightly a mix difference, and the number of units is fairly flat. 
John Call: Oliver, it relates to the fourth quarter.  As we've mentioned, we're planning a 1 to 2 comp for that quarter. We would expect some deleverage from expenses in the quarter based on the 1 to 2 comp.  And on a 52-week basis, that's what we'd expect, between 10 and 40 basis points of deleverage. If you include the 53rd week, then we'd actually expect some leverage. 
John Call: So we would expect further market benefits.  As we take inventories down, we expect faster turns, which would reduce our current [ph] levels. So yes, we would expect some leverage from the merchandise line. 
John Call: I would add to that, Michael, that in 2013, we would have increased CapEx spending around the build of that new DC. But as Michael said, no P&L impact. 
John Call: To packaway levels, Paul, this one's a little bit difficult to predict, but from a planning perspective, we look for packaway levels to be somewhat even with last year. Now having said that, again, we are opportunistic on that line, so don't necessarily hold us to that, but that's what we have built into the forecast for the fourth quarter. As it relates to the buyback, we do look at being opportunistic with the buyback when it matters. When we see fluctuations in our PE, dramatic fluctuations in our PE, we tend to be a little bit more aggressive. But our instinct is to remain pretty methodical, as you mentioned, about buying back stock. We don't tend to be market timers. 
John Call: So it helps us in the third quarter, would tend to -- it would help -- based on the projections, it would help us in the fourth quarter. 
John Call: As you looked at the quarter, David, we're up, again, we're up against a significant number, there's isn't a compelling reason to shop. We think for the quarter, we're -- planned it fairly conservative. We haven't really changed that guidance since we issued that guidance in August of this year. So we're approaching it as we have approached the year, being fairly conservative and hoping we'll do better. 
John Call: So we have, as you mentioned, David, for the last 3 or 4 years, we've continued to have record levels of our shortage. That again was the case this year. As we get down to these levels, there's just not as much opportunity to carve out that benefit. Now going forward, we'll reduce our shrink accrual to reflect the levels we achieved this year, similar to what we've done over the past 3 or 4 years. So baked into our future guidance will be a lower shrink accrual. 
John Call: No. Actually, last year, we hit an all-time low, and again this year, we hit an all-time low. Just the benefit against that reserve was lower, has more to do with how we were reserving as opposed to the actual results. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Rick, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll answer that. In terms of impact on sales, we wouldn't expect it to be material and see much of the impact to the guidance we've just given for fourth quarter. In terms of sourcing, it's a little bit early to tell. Right now, we're pretty happy with the supply that we are seeing. We don't know whether Hurricane Sandy is contributing to that or not. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Actually, California has been performing pretty well here.  We've been pretty happy with performance in the state. It's pretty close to the chain, just a little bit lower than the chain. So we're not too concerned. In terms of prospects over the next couple of quarters, we don't see a lot of issues that could change that trend. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second question, Evren, about regions. Although we called out Florida and Texas in the Southwest, I would say that our performance has been fairly broad-based, and we're pretty happy with the performance across all regions. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second question about micro-merchandising. As you know, we've rolled out micro-merchandising across the chain about 2 years ago.  And I think at that time, we explained that our micro-merchandising uses history to project the inventory levels in each store. So obviously, the more history we have, the more accurate micro-merchandising is. So we think there's still continued value we're going to get from micro-merchandising over the next few years. So we've gotten some benefit today, which is what helped us to improve our turns, but we think there's still a little bit more to come. I think your first question was about the election. Certainly, we've seen no impact in terms of the outcome of the election on our business at this point. And we didn't expect one, so yes. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Brian, on the first question about market share. Obviously, with a 7% comp year to date, we believe we're gaining share from someone in the apparel market. And I think that's been true in the last several years. Our comps have generally outperformed the competitors. And obviously, we're watching closely what's been happening in the midtier. We've tried to ask -- to isolate the impact of the midtier and J.C. Penney on our comp. But mathematically, we haven't been able to really quantify the impact. But I think suffice it to say that we believe that with a 7% comp, we are gaining share, and the customers are pleased with the values that we're offering. Let me jump to your third question, and then I think Michael will come back on the question about Home. Your third question was about the distribution centers. We actually have a new distribution center that will -- scheduled to open in 2014. So in terms of DC costs, I wouldn't expect any deleverage in 2013. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of traffic, Marni, there's really nothing that we're planning to do that's any different to the approach we always take, which is try and put the best bargains in front of the customer. We've found that over time, that's the most effective way to continue to grow our traffic to our stores. So certainly other things like using marketing to support that we'll continue to do. But nothing dramatically different than what we've done historically. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Alex, I'll try to answer that. I think Michael had mentioned in his comments that Juniors was one of our strongest-performing businesses in Q3. In fact, we've been very happy with the Juniors business over the last couple of years. Juniors has always been an important business area for us. We attract -- or within our demographics, we certainly have a number of younger customers, and they are attracted to that Juniors business. In terms of some of the subtleties of what you asked about, in terms of how are they shopping, I don't think we really have a sense of that. All we know is that, like our other customers, they're looking for a bargain, and clearly, we've been able to satisfy them over the past couple of years, and that's what's driven the success [ph] of that business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Mark, on the first piece of that, the number of stores in the comp base in the Midwest, at this point, there are no stores in the comp base. We opened the stores -- the first stores in the Midwest were opened last October, and we wait a year and a few months before we actually put those in the comp base. I think your second question was about assortment changes, and I'll make a few comments. Since we've been in Midwest, we've looked to what's selling, what's working, and we've made adjustments, no different to what we would do in any other region. So nothing dramatic, just some tweaks here and there in terms of the assortments. And I think your third question was about Home. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Daniel, I think I've mentioned we first opened stores in the Midwest in October of 2011. At this point, we have -- if you combine all the states in the Midwest, we have over 30 stores at this point. But they're all relatively new, so it's kind of too early to provide a full assessment of the sales performance, but the early signs are very positive. The reception we've gotten from the customer base has been great. So everything we've seen in terms of early sales, customer research, "down on the ground" customer feedback, reinforces for us our belief that we're going to be successful in these markets long term. 
