Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. We will begin our call today with an update on the status of the company's operations, including some color on our store reopenings, followed by a review of our second quarter performance. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As a reminder, all store and distribution center locations were closed from March 20 through May 14, when we began a phased process of resuming operations. On average, our stores were open for about 75% of the quarter, though operating on shorter hours compared to the prior year. All our distribution centers were reopened by the end of May. The ongoing COVID-19 health crisis remains very fluid, and we continue to closely monitor local developments to assess any potential changes to our operations as mandated by local, state or other government directives. We remain committed to prioritizing the health and well-being of our associates and customers as we navigate through this pandemic. Turning now to our financials. Total sales for the second quarter were $2.7 billion compared to $4 billion in the prior year, reflecting the negative impact from store closures during the period. Comparable store sales were down 12% for reopened stores from the date of the reopening to the end of the fiscal quarter. Sales during the quarter were significantly impacted by several factors including COVID-19's negative effect on consumer demand, particularly in California, Florida, and Arizona, which represents about 50% of our store base. Further, during the initial reopenings, overall sales were ahead of our conservative plans as we benefited from pent-up demand and aggressive markdowns to clear aged inventory. In the weeks thereafter, trends were negatively impacted from depleted store inventory levels, while we were ramping up our buying and distribution capabilities. For the 13 weeks ended August 1, 2020, earnings per share were $0.06 on net income of $22 million. This compares to net income of $413 million or earnings per share of $1.14 for the same period last year. Year-to-date, the loss per share was $0.81 versus earnings per share of $2.29 last year. Our net loss of $284 million is compared to net income of $834 million in the first half of 2019. Sales for the first 6 months of 2020 declined 42% to $4.5 billion. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 39% from the prior year, with average store inventories down 10% versus the same period last year. Packaway levels at quarter end were 25% of the total compared to last year's 43% as we use packaway to replenish store inventory throughout the quarter. As planned, we did not open any new stores in the second quarter. We continue to expect to add about 39 locations this fall for a total of 66 new stores for the full year. Now Travis Marquette will provide further color on our second quarter results. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. Aside from the pandemic impact on consumer demand, as initial reopening sales significantly exceeded our conservative forecast, we were unable to ramp up our buying and distribution capabilities quickly enough to adequately replenish stores. As Travis mentioned earlier, the ongoing COVID-19 health crisis remains extremely uncertain, and we have limited insight into how this pandemic could further impact consumer demand and the retail and economic landscape. There is additional risk if COVID-19 cases remain elevated or increased, potentially prompting larger scale shutdowns of our operations. Given these uncertainties, we believe the most prudent approach is to plan and manage the business very cautiously, while continuing to prioritize the health and safety of our customers and associates. As we move forward during this challenging period, we remain confident that our strong financial foundation and outstanding team of experienced off-price executives will help see us through these uncertain times. Over the longer term, we remain well positioned as an off-price retailer to continue to gain market share given the large number of retail store closures and consumers' continued focus on value and convenience. We've proven in the past that we have successfully competed in this type of retail environment and believe we will do so again. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Overall, we continue to see a lot of supply out there, but it's not as consistent across the merchandise areas. We believe that these creates opportunities in some products in some areas and gaps in other areas. In terms of stronger trendier categories, that's kind of a broad question. But I would say in most businesses, there has been supply in that -- without having what that trendy category is, kind of hard to comment on it. But what I would say is that in key categories, the merchants are out there chasing every day, and we have very conservative plans that they're working towards. And I think over time, in the categories that have, I'll say, gaps in the assortment today, I think eventually, that will catch up. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the content of packaway, I mean, we're pleased with the content the pathway we have now. We don't feel like we have any residual issues or anything from spring. As to Michael's point, we used packaway to drive our business in Q2 and got through everything. So of the levels that we own, we feel fine about the content. And in terms of just packaway in general, the merchants, as you know, packaway fluctuates normally. And the merchants are out there chasing packaway now looking for spring product, current product, whatever the great deals are, because the most important thing about packaway is that what you own is really great content. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. And then as it pertains to the assortment and back-to-school, we plan those businesses very conservatively. We made the adjustments in the assortments that we thought were appropriate based on what was going on in the outside world with children going back-to-school or not. And obviously, we're still in back-to-school. So it's kind of hard to rate the total experience. But we went in with pretty conservative plans for back-to-school. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of packaway opportunities, I don't know if I really can tell you by a good, better, best. Home versus apparels, apparel tends to be more packaway than home on -- normally on a normal basis. I think there are opportunities that are not perhaps as balanced as they've been in the past. The supply out there isn't as consistent across merchandise areas as the way it normally is. So the opportunities that are out there are perhaps not quite as balanced. What I would say is there are more opportunities in the last couple of weeks that seems to be emerging. And so we're feeling like packaway is moving in the right direction.  But again, it's not necessarily as broad based as it normally is because of the gaps of supply that are out there, created by all the issues from COVID and the market and all the things that have gone on there. In terms of the margin, we don't really look at packaway as a margin driver. We look at packaway as a sales driver. So in terms of -- if you're asking about pricing as it pertains to packaway, the merchants are out always looking for great deals on packaway. So packaway tends to be prices that are very sharp normally and is also something that we use to drive value into the stores. So in terms of a margin scenario, if we bought something that was a great deal, we would probably pass it along to the customer. Again, we use it as a sales driver. In terms of new vendors, obviously, we have a large merchant team, 900 merchants out there looking to open new resources, open new vendors. Situations like this, obviously, create opportunities, and sometimes people are a little bit more open to listen. And so we're out there now looking for new vendors and to see if we can expand the vendor base. And so that's kind of ongoing. And I think we'll continue to be ongoing. But that is a focus for merchants every day of the week is to try to expand the vendor base. 
Barbara Rentler: Two things. Well, the goods that are available as all closeouts are, closeouts are never consistent amongst every business any season, any year. I think this year, there's just been -- with everything that's gone on, which I know you're versed on in the market, in factories overseas. And there seems to be, I'll say, some bigger pockets. In terms of the pace at which we're buying it, I would say that when the -- when we reopen the stores, in retrospect, in hindsight, we probably could have gone out and started to buy a little bit sooner than we did as we started to ramp the stores back up. We didn't anticipate the consumer demand the way it turned out to be. So I feel like there was probably an opportunity that we could have done that a little bit better. But I'm not necessarily sure that, that would have impacted the assortment because I think the -- some of the gaps are just some -- they're just some big gaps. This classification is a business where they're there, and some where there's not. And our expectation is that over time, it will be a little bit more reasonable as vendors -- many vendors didn't commit and bring in some goods. And so it puts us in a chase. And the merchants are out there chasing and have been chasing since we opened, both for packaway or to flow-in stores. 
Barbara Rentler: I couldn't hear the last part of your question on packaway you kind of faded out. I just need you to say the same thing over again, that would be great, the packaway piece. 
Barbara Rentler: I think the packaway releases were what we thought was appropriate to flow to the stores at the time. So packaway is not it's a broad assortment of products that we put into the hotel. And so you flow them based off of what's the right timing, right product to the floor. So depending upon what the products were, that's how we flow it. Is not -- every business doesn't have packaway to it. Some of that packaway in the hotel could have been for fall. So we flowed what we thought was appropriate, and we flowed what we thought we needed to get through to make sure that we came in clean into the fall season. And that we weren't carrying residual products that we didn't want to have. So that's what determined what we released and how we released it. In terms of the promotional environment, I would expect that promotions will continue. It's a highly competitive environment. Retailers are trying to clear through all their excess inventory. And there'll be a long liquidation activity also coming from store closures, bankruptcy announcements. So our expectation is that it will be a promotional environment as we go forward. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. We plan to continue to manage the business conservatively. I mean given all the ongoing COVID-19-related risks, including potential for additional rounds of store closures and distribution center closures. So our plan is to plan it conservatively and to chase our way back. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of how we're planning fall or winter products in the back half, we're planning the entire business conservatively. And so we would look at each 1 of those businesses, I'm assuming outerwear, sweaters, those type of businesses and plan them relative to the conservative plan. So we would have an assortment on the floor. And then if business took off at a greater rate than we expected, we would come back and chase some of those products. 
Barbara Rentler: What I think you're at, Roxanne, also is just where are we seeing the shifts in product, where is the consumer heading versus where she's been. So yes, I would say, to Travis' point, home is certainly a place that the consumer has flocked to and is a business that we believe in. And actually, home gets bigger, as you know, as you enter into the fourth quarter. I would think also in apparel, the shift that we're starting to see, which I think everyone is starting to see, is the consumer moving more towards casual products, activewear, athletic wear, as perhaps she's working remotely now. And so making that pivot in that shift is where we're going. We normally have a large casual business. Our carrier businesses have never been the biggest part of our apparel at Ross ever. And so for us, it's really about shifting even more dollars over there as the consumer has moved in that direction. And that's what we would see in the back-to-school businesses like the juniors or young men, you would see that same shift on the floor now and a continued shift because that is the bulk of where those businesses are for us normally. 
Barbara Rentler: And from a vendor based perspective, obviously, we're always trying to expand the vendor base. And usually, when business is difficult is when there are often more potential opportunities to expand that base, so the merchants are focused on trying to do that every day and particularly now. In terms of terms and adjustments permanently in the industry, I think I really couldn't comment on what globally that looks like for the entire industry. I think there's been a lot going on in the last few months. And so I think everyone is reacting to what they need to do for the business, but I really can talk about a permanent shift in the industry. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. And in terms of pivoting to categories that are strong, how quick you can do it? I mean it literally depends on each category in each size range and gender. So I couldn't give you a specific time. But what I would tell you is that we would be more aggressively pursuing those categories base -- and then based off of supply in the shorter term, we would drive it as much as we can. And in the longer term, what will usually happens is when there is a trend shift, the market follows that trend shift and then the supply all naturally kind of goes there. And so then you can take a bigger lift than perhaps you can initially as the market recognizes what's working and what's not working themselves. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the impact of online in our business, I think that's hard for us to measure the exact relationship of that. Obviously, online business has been very good, especially in essential businesses and core basics and things like that. But I think it's hard for me to put a number to what that impact could be to our current business trend. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of events, Black Friday, we don't really run events. Our thing is that we want to make sure that we have great branded values on the floor. And obviously, our inventories levels go up in that time period. And that's what the customer values, and that's what we look to do to drive traffic is just having great branded bargains on the floor. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. We wish you and your families continued health and safety. Thank you. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara noted, stores operated on average for 75% of the period with comparable store sales down 12% versus last year from the date of their reopenings to the end of the fiscal quarter. The decline was driven by a lower number of transactions that was partially offset by a larger average basket size. Average unit retail was down during the period, reflecting the strong sell-through of deeply discounted aged inventory. Operating margin for the quarter was 3.2% compared to 13.7% last year. Both cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses reflect the deleveraging effect from lower sales versus last year and expenditures for COVID-19-related measures. In addition, cost of goods sold was impacted by the unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses. These higher costs were somewhat offset by the partial reversal of the inventory valuation reserve we took in the first quarter resulting from the faster-than-expected sell-through of aged inventory. This reversal benefited the second quarter by $174 million or $0.19 per share. Total net COVID-related expenses for the quarter in cost of goods sold and SG&A combined were approximately $65 million, primarily for costs associated with restarting the business, supplies, cleaning and payroll related to additional safety protocols. We ended the quarter in a healthy financial position with over $4.3 billion in liquidity, which includes an ending unrestricted cash balance of about $3.8 billion and an undrawn $500 million revolver. As we move into the third quarter, trends have not materially changed from the second quarter, with comparable store sales for the first 2.5 weeks trending down mid-teens versus last year. Given the lack of visibility on the potential impact from this ongoing health crisis, we are not providing sales or earnings guidance. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure, Matthew. This is Travis. In terms of the margin components for this quarter, similar to last quarter, given the significant deleveraging effect of having our stores closed for a portion of the quarter, we're not providing specific margin components. The puts and takes this quarter, I covered in my remarks. And then in terms of the go-forward look, again, given the ongoing uncertainty, we're not providing any forward guidance or commentary on future margins right now. 
Travis Marquette: This is Travis. In terms of the average basket, we do continue to see customers coming in a little bit less frequently but buying more when they do, so the average basket size continues to be up. That's sort of just generally towards the end of Q2. In terms of Q3, again, it's really early in the quarter. And I think it's really too early to draw trends, and we don't think we -- we're not providing further details on the breakdown of the sales, not at this time. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. A couple of comments. The $65 million was both, as a remainder, in SG&A as well as COGS. As you might have guessed, the majority of those were in SG&A as it related to personal protection equipment, sanitation supplies, payroll, et cetera. As I mentioned, a portion of those did relate to costs related to restarting the business. And so that portion, we wouldn't expect to repeat. Having said that, we do expect elevated levels of COVID expenses as we continue to move through the year. Your question, specifically on the DC investments, those were not part of the $65 million in Q2. 
Travis Marquette: On logistics cost, given the wage increases, certainly in the back half of the year, we would expect to grow. But we also have cost savings throughout the business, including the distribution centers because as we staff up, we'll be able to improve our productivity as well. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Sure. This is Travis. Just with regard to the dividend and the share repurchase program, again, there's still, as we've mentioned several times, significant uncertainty in the market. We don't know what's going to happen with COVID, with consumer demand. And we really would need greater visibility on sales and the sustainability of those sales before we would start to consider or evaluate reinstituting either of those. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. It's a good question. Obviously, we plan the business very conservatively. We think we've done that strategically. And we think that an appropriate approach to managing our business risk given these uncertain times. We've always -- as we always do, we'll chase the business with closeouts and supplement with packaway, and that is ordinary course of business for us. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. Let me start with the trends by merchandise, et cetera. Again, given the phased reopening of the stores and, in particular, the significant impact of clearance sales on results for the quarter, it's really hard to get a clear sense of product trends. So one thing that's clear is that the consumer during the quarter was very much more focused on home as opposed to apparel. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. On the recent trends, I think there's a number of factors that are impacting what we're seeing currently. I certainly think there are things internally that we can focus on in terms of execution. We're still not where we want to be on ramping up the DCs and continue to have lower receipts than planned. I do think there are external factors that include things like the expiration of unemployment that happened at the end of July, obviously, with no back-to-school as the country has moved to distance learning. I think those are the primary factors. And looking on long-term growth, obviously, the pre-COVID trend had customers migrating to value and convenience. And this disruption just accelerated those trends with a number of store closures, our value proposition and 1,800 and growing conveniently located store locations, I think we have a significant opportunity to gain market share over the longer term. 
Michael Hartshorn: Lorraine, on the stocking, I'm going to go through the sequence of the quarter, and that will help explain the actions that we're taking to get inventory levels that are appropriate for the plan. When we first began our phased opening of stores, that's the first thing we did, and then we opened our DCs. And we did it in that order because of government restrictions in California and actually Pennsylvania at that point in time. Because sales exceeded our conservative expectations when we reopened, at the same time, we were ramping and initially opening and initially ramping our DCs, the result was the depleted store inventory. The initial ramp-up of our distribution centers took longer than we had hoped. And we've had further difficulty ramping up our DCs to full capacity due to staffing challenges. We've taken aggressive steps to improve our production levels that include higher wages and incentives. And believe those actions will allow us to quickly -- more quickly ramp up to peak capacity over the next few months. So I think we would expect to see improvement as we progress through the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, it's Michael. On the regional trends, Texas, Florida, California and Arizona underperformed the rest of the chain by significant margins. Now part of that is driven by the resurgence in those areas during the quarter. So they had a significant impact on the overall performance. Trends in certain areas have improved as the cases improved. And then on the current trend, we do believe that part of the current trend is driven by lower-than-planned receipts with the DCs continuing to ramp up. So we do think that, that is a factor in the current trend. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Kimberly. I think I would repeat my comment with Lorraine. We've taken aggressive actions in the DCs. We probably took them later than we should, but we do expect to -- we do expect those actions to improve our throughput and bring the levels up to peak capacity over the next couple months. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Marni. On transactions and conversions, we don't measure conversion. We use transactions as our proxy for traffic. So we don't measure that. On -- in terms of hours, so we did when we opened significantly reduced the hours we operate. We operated from 10 to 7. So we think that had some impact on the performance. As we move through the quarter, we have extended hours to 9 o'clock across the chain currently. And we haven't yet developed our hours for the holiday season. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. Michael, we wouldn't talk about current trends going into the quarter. We obviously gave the top line trend to give you an indication of what's going on overall. I'd say there's so many factors that we're seeing in the sales between the virus resurgence and unemployment trends and other things, I think it's really hard to see right now. 
Michael Hartshorn: I think it's the latter. Once we have the DCs running at full tilt, we do not think it's a longer-term issue. 
Michael Hartshorn: Dana, on dd's, I'd say that dd's experienced somewhat similar performance as Ross, the supply chain and buying ramp-up issues impacted the entire company and that included both Ross and dd's. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the DCs about a little -- over half of our capacity is on the West Coast. We have DCs in the Bakersfield Central Valley area, 1 DC there, several in Riverside. We also have a DC in Pennsylvania and 2 in South Carolina. If we had to shut down the California DCs, it would have a significant impact on the chain. As far as mitigation strategies, obviously, it's going to be important for us in our future growth. Our next DC opens in Houston. We'll have another DC somewhat after that, that we would expect to be non-California. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the DCs, we did furlough our associates, and we operate the DCs with both temp labor and perm labor -- permanent labor for surge capacity. We did see our permanent workforce good retention in returning from furlough. But I suspect with the surge of e-commerce and the impact of commerce coming back post closure. The warehousing competitive labor market has increased quickly and significantly. So I think those are the main factors on what's driving the DC staffing shortfall. I would also add that in a COVID environment, we want to make sure that people are safe, and we don't want them coming to work if sick. So there's also things like attendance that we're addressing as well. 
Michael Hartshorn: Ike, I would say, it's hard to break out between those components. I think it's very clear that the #1 factor is the impact of the virus. As we said in our comments, that the markets that were impacted the most were also the markets that had the largest outbreak. So I think that's clear that, that's the #1 factor. But I don't want to minimize. We think we could have done things better during the quarter. So there are factors that we talked about with inventory that we think we can impact. So the bottom line is we're going to work on our own execution and do the things that we can do to impact the business. 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll try to hit through those. I'm going to go in reverse order. We're not seeing the same issues in the stores, and that's likely -- again, the DCs were impacted by the surge in e-commerce with the closures of a number of bricks-and-mortar retailers. We're not having that same issue in the stores. And then in terms of holiday plans, we wouldn't discuss those at this point as we're still working through those plans. 
