Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor Relations. We'll begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Today we reported first quarter earnings per share of $1.48, up from $1.16 per share for the 2010 first quarter. These results represent a robust 28% increase on top of an exceptional 61% gain in the prior year. Net earnings for the current year quarter grew 22% to $173 million, up from $142.3 million last year. Our 2011 first quarter sales increased 7% to $2,075,000,000 with comparable store sales up 3% on top of an outstanding 10% gain in the prior year. Both sales and earnings in the first quarter were better than expected, with solid gains on top of very tough prior year comparisons. These results were mainly driven by our ongoing ability to deliver a wide array of compelling name-brand bargains to today's value-focused customers while operating our business on leaner in-store inventories. Dresses, Shoes and Home were the top performing merchandise categories with same-store sales gains in the mid-single to low-double-digit percentage range, while Florida and Texas were the strongest regions, also posting high single to low-double-digit increases in comparable store sales. Operating margin grew about 160 basis points to a record 13.7% due to a 130 basis point increase in gross margin and a 30 basis point improvement in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. John will provide some additional details in a few minutes. As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 29%. This increase was driven by higher packaway that was about 48% of total inventories, up from 33% at this time last year as our buyers continued to find great deals in the marketplace. Packaway as a percent of total inventory is somewhat higher today than in the past due to the significant reduction in selling store inventories. Packaway, however, as a percent of sales is similar to average levels over the past 5 years. Average selling store inventories were down about 8% at quarter-end versus the prior year. We are still targeting in-store inventories to decline in the mid-single-digit percentage range over the balance of the year compared to 2010. Let's turn now to our store expansion program. We are excited about our growth plans for 2011, which include our first major new market entry since we entered the Southeast almost a decade ago. We remain on track to open a total of about 60 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for the full year, including, as previously reported, our initial entry into Illinois and Arkansas, with about 15 stores in the fall of this year. I am pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS also achieved above planned sales and gross margin in the first quarter. Like Ross, dd's continues to benefit from our ability to flow a larger percentage of fresh product to our stores by operating on lower inventory levels. The ongoing solid gains in sales and profitability at dd's also reflect that its value-focused merchandise offerings are resonating well with its customers. Based on our first quarter results and outlook for the balance of the year, we continue to expect dd's DISCOUNTS to generate solid growth in its pretax earnings for 2011.  Now John will provide some additional color on our first quarter results and details on our guidance for the second quarter.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. I want to reiterate that we are very pleased with our better-than-expected start to the year, especially given the tough prior year comparisons and the ongoing challenging macroeconomic and retail climate. It's also important to note that our guidance for the balance of the year takes into consideration some potential external factors that could pressure our business. These include the ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, as well as our expectations, as previously mentioned, for higher sourcing costs. Nevertheless, we remain confident that our flexible business model will help us navigate the environment better than most full-priced retailers. While we hope to do better based on our recent performance trends, we are now forecasting some incremental upside to our original earnings guidance for the balance of the year. As noted in today's press release, we have raised our full year fiscal 2011 earnings per share forecast from $5.16 to $5.31, which is ahead of our initial guidance of $4.90 to $5.10. This updated earnings per share range represents projected growth of 11% to 15% in fiscal 2011, on top of exceptional 31% and 52% gains in 2010 and 2009, respectively. As we said before, we know that our ability to give customers the best bargains possible is and always will be the key to our success. To ensure that we have ongoing access to a plentiful supply of off-price product, we are making further investments in our merchandise organization. Continued expansion of our merchant staff reflects that delivering compelling bargains to our customers remains our number one priority and also our most important strategy. Our recent example of the benefits we are seeing from this investment is the terrific buys we have been able to make on packaway and in-season merchandise that helped drive our much better than expected performance in the first quarter. During the turbulent economic environment of the last couple of years, we have seen customers gravitate more toward off-price retailers. Looking ahead, we believe that this increased focus on value by consumers will continue, which bodes well for our business. At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Michael Balmuth: Something I'd add to that, Paul, is that when we look at the average retail of packaway items, tends to be a little bit lower, sort of better value and the packaway tends to turn a little bit faster.
Michael Balmuth: Well, clearly, every manufacturer is discussing and those that are public companies are discussing the sourcing costs increases from the Far East. We are seeing it in terms of our dialogue with them and we expect it to really be more impactful as we move to latter part of the second quarter into the third quarter. The one thing that isn't clear is how this will all play out. Typically, changes of pricing like this is a disruption in the industry and in the past, it's been good for our price, so we don't know how this will play out. This is a very different situation and powerbase [ph] companies have seen for a long, long time seeing inflation in power versus deflation. So we're fortunate that we have a flexible model and can react to how this plays out by business and with the correct dollars within our stores to businesses in a very simple way. We operate our business with a lot of liquidity, so we are seeing that manufacturers want to raise their retail, want their retails to be raised in mainstream stores. We're seeing mainstream retailers try this. We're not sure how effective or not it is yet, but we have our eyes very much attuned to it and for us, it's more news to follow, but it's now become a way of life for us to monitor -- even more so than before to monitor everything that's going on in mainstream retail as it relates to pricing.
Michael Balmuth: I got the first part of the question, the second one I'll wind up coming back to you on. The first part of the question, in terms of -- we're seeing cycled amounts of product in the marketplace. I don't know if it's directly attributable to the pricing increases or sales not materializing at certain sectors of retail to the degree that they forecast or if there are other problems inside their 4 walls. But it's been a very good buying market as our packaway levels have shown. And I'm sorry, I did miss the second part of the question.
Michael Balmuth: It depends on the category, certain categories are minimal. Certainly, cotton-based categories are highest. In some cases, they're in low double digits. In other cases, they're in low singles. But it varies everywhere by sector of the store and manufacturer within that and how some manufacturers are absorbing more, others are passing on more. So it's -- that's as specific as I can be.
Michael Balmuth: And relative to the strong categories, going into any selling period, we identify where we feel we have the strongest ammunition in terms of product, and that ties to both fashion trends as well as product availability that's in our hotel [ph] and also what we expect in the marketplace. And so, I would say the categories that are performing best in our store that we referred to in the comments were all of the above. We think there are fashion trends going on in the apparel basis, few parallel parts of that, that are very dominant to what's going on in apparel today, as well as they were early -- we identify them early and we funded them.
Michael Balmuth: Yes. So Sean, for the first quarter, dd's did well and even before allocations was positive; we're on trend with that business. The guidance we gave to start the year was that, that business would be slightly accretive to earnings, and we're on pace to do that.
Michael Balmuth: And with what Michael just said, that we show very comfortable about our ability to chase the business and be totally liquid for fall, and that packaway, which is some of the best buys in our store, okay, is not in any way going to be an inhibitor of us to take advantage of market opportunities.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Really, what I would say is 2 aspects. What we were buying in season was better than we expected, and our packaway, which we had accumulated in several months prior, performed at a very strong level. Additionally, we had certain businesses that had been strong for us for a period of time that continued to perform as we expected or as we hoped at a very high-level. And in those businesses, we found plenty of product as we were going, and those were the businesses that we identified in the comp.
Michael Balmuth: I'll start with it. There's a big unknown for all this, for all -- in this for all of us. But essentially, manufacturers are going to be paying more. There's a possibility that even on their excess, we might have to pay a little more than we paid a year ago, okay? And so that has some pressure. We don't know how our customer would respond to that. Or if we'll pass it on to them. So it'll depend by category, by timing of buys, by vendor, by brand label. So there's many, many variables. But at this location like this, in the past, it's been positive, but this is such a different dislocation, we're a little uncertain to its implication. Remember there has not been inflation in power prices for years and years, so...
Michael Balmuth: It's pretty broad based. There are a few pockets where we're a little more invested, but I just want to remind you that packaway is some of the best product in our store and we're happy when our packaway level moves up.
Michael Balmuth: It's broad-based, okay? It's not one -- a few big buys here, a few big buys in certain pockets, and I think that's the answer I would give you, unless I'm missing part of the question.
Michael Balmuth: We have a lot of flexibility, okay? And we can adjust prices within a 30-day period. We can have our store, in most categories, a different price line, okay? So we watch what's going on very closely. Our buyers are constantly out in mainstream retailers, and we're in constant touch with the market and the combination of all of that will lead us to be very aware and very quick to adjust prices if we need to in any direction...
Michael Balmuth: It's a seasonal thing. On average, packaway is flowing right now, the holding period is about 3 months. So that's about where we are.
Michael Balmuth: The key thing for us is to keep a value differential between us -- between our product and mainstream retailers, and it's something we're watching very closely. So we're going to react and move with what our customer tells us and what the market has to bare in this.
John Call: Thank you. Our 3% comparable store sales gain in the first quarter was driven by a low-single-digit growth in both the number of transactions and the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin improved by about 160 basis points in the quarter to 13.7%, driven by a 130 basis point increase in gross margin and a 30 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Merchandise margin increased about 95 basis points, mainly due to lower than prior markdowns resulting from above planned sales and faster turns. The merchandise margin improvement also includes a 15 basis point benefit from a somewhat lower shortage accrual compared to last year.  Occupancy and distribution costs were also lower than expected, contributing about 25 and 20 basis points, respectively, to operating margin. Partially offsetting these improvements was a 25 basis point increase in freight costs, mainly due to higher fuel prices. The 30 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative costs and the percent of sales was due about equally to a combination of leverage, comps to [ph] operating costs, and general and administrative expenses. Our tax rate remains unchanged from last year's first quarter, while our buyback program drove a 5% decline in diluted shares outstanding for the period. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $112 million. We continued to return a significant amount of our excess cash to stockholders through our dividend and stock repurchase programs. Earlier this year, we announced a 2-year, $900 million stock repurchase program for 2011 and 2012 and raised our cash dividend by 38%. We remain on track to complete approximately $450 million, or about half of our current authorization, by the end of 2011. Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. For the 13 weeks ending July 30, 2011, we are forecasting same-store sales to increase 2% to 3% on top of the 4% gain in the prior year. Second quarter 2011 earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.20. This represents projected EPS growth of 7% to 12%, on top of 30% and 52% gains in the second quarters of 2010 and 2009, respectively. Our second quarter 2011 EPS targets are based on the following assumptions: Total sales are expected to grow about 6% to 7%, driven by a combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, same-store sales that are targeted to be up 2% to 3%. We are forecasting about 23 net new stores to open during the period, including 15 Ross Dress for Less and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are planning comparable store sales gains of 2% to 3% for each month of the quarter. Last year's same-store sales rose 5% in May and June and 2% in July. We are projecting operating margin of 10.8% to 11% for the 2011 second quarter. This compares to 11.1% in the second quarter of 2010, which was up 140 basis points on top of an outstanding 260 basis point increase in 2009. There are a number of reasons why we are planning operating margins to be slightly down in the second quarter compared to a much better than planned 160 basis point growth in the first quarter. For we are still projecting a slight increase in merchandise margin for the second quarter, this growth is forecasted to be much less than the 95 basis point gain we just reported. That improvement was mainly driven by sales that were well above plan, resulting in faster turns and much lower markdowns. In addition, our second quarter guidance assume that we start to see some modest pressure on margins from higher sourcing prices. Distribution expenses as a percent of sales was declined about 20 basis points in the first quarter, our forecasted increase in the second quarter. This is mainly due to timing of packaway related expenses. As a reminder, we capitalize buying and distribution costs associated with packaway inventory and recognize those expenses from the merchandises sold. Last year, distribution expenses declined by 40 basis points in the second quarter as packaway levels rolled. This year, distribution costs [ph] are forecast to increase by a similar amount as packaway levels are projected to decline somewhat. Finally, as previously mentioned, occupancy contributed about 25 basis points to operating margin in the first quarter. This was mainly due to about 20 basis points from occupancy-related savings for certain locations combined with slight leverage on the mall [ph] planned sales. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2.5 million and our tax rate is expected to be about 37% to 38%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 116 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael.
John Call: I would say packaway margins in the respective categories of merchandise are slightly higher, okay? But it all depends on balance and how we purchased it and better versus moderate product. But like product, category to category, it's slightly higher.
John Call: And relative to your question about markdown levels in the first quarter, merchandise margin improved by 95 basis points, 15 of that was due to shortage and the most substantial part of the remaining 80 was digital [ph] markdowns.
John Call: So our clearance levels were down at the end of the first quarter about 15% if that's where you're going, Paul.
John Call: So on the second point of your question, Brian, CapEx related to new stores will be about $110 million this year, up from $76 million last year, driven by a couple of factors. One, we're rolling out more stores. And secondly, the stores require a little bit more CapEx as we take on more of the ownership of the buildout.
John Call: So in-store levels, let's piece that out again and we can add them back up. But in-store levels should be down, as Michael mentioned, for the year they should be down mid single-digits. And packaway levels, on a sequential basis, we're planning those to come down slightly in the second quarter. The [indiscernible] levels, yes.
John Call: I think your question was flow-through and, yes, we'd say about 25%, 30% is appropriate for our model. The third part of your question was relative to shrink and last year in the third quarter, we picked up about $0.10 relative to our expectations around shrink. Right now, our guidance does not include any benefit that we may get from shrink.
John Call: Yes. The answer was we don't comment on mid-month sales. I'm sure that's not the answer you wanted, but that's our fault.
John Call: So relative to the year, you're right, Roxanne, we did raise it a bit. We did tighten things up a bit, so that guidance assumes that EBIT will increase about 20 to 40 basis points over where we had it initially. So I think we were just overall looking at trying to see things up. Relative to freight costs, freight was up in the first quarter principally driven by fuel costs and our outlook right now is, the Department of Energy is forecasting those freight and fuel costs to remain fairly flat to where they are and that's implied in the guidance, and we'll just have to see before we go [ph].
John Call: So the average unit retail at Ross has been pretty consistent around $10 and dd's is probably between $7 to $8; that's where we are today and we'll just have to see where they go.
John Call: So David, so packaway levels, we have them planned down slightly, but still exceeding last year. So a piece of the deferred comps will come through but not all the comp.
John Call: David, that's a more difficult question to answer. To go the other way in the second quarter of last year, when packaway levels went up. We deferred about $0.04 or $0.05 on those costs so we could probably get at that way.
John Call: So on the operating margin side, Dana, we do believe that we're sustainable at the current level. The biggest driver of any improvement in operating margins is typically a better than planned sales on top line like we saw during the first quarter. So we if we can out-achieve, overachieve our sales targets, we should see some of that drop to the bottom.
John Call: No, I think what we've seen, and it varies, in some cases, we've seen them experiment on the ticket and POS deeper. So they're going out the door at the same price. And in other cases we've seen people stick with it a little longer. So it's not clear who's going to do what and when and how.
John Call: If I fully have the question, where we saw people experimenting with price, they were experimenting at a retail that was consistent with their expected price increases.
Michael O'Sullivan: I'll take the first part of that, Brian, in terms of what are we doing in new markets. I'd say a couple of things, we've done a number -- we've pursued a number of initiatives in the last few years across the chain, but I think will be particularly helpful in new markets. First of all, the investments we've made in improved localized planning and trending, what I call micro-merchandising, that should be particularly helpful as we move into new markets in terms of making sure we have the right assortment and trending that assortment based upon the local customer needs. Secondly, the investments in the Merchant group that Michael referenced in his comments, again, I think will help the new markets because they help the whole chain. And then the leader inventories, meaning that the merchandise will turn faster and we'll be able to replenish it more rapidly with merchandise that we think is more appropriate for that customer based upon the sales trend. So there are a number of things that make us feel like we're in better shape now than we were several years ago in new markets. The other point that I'd make, though, is I think we've learned a lot from our expansion into the Southeast in terms of marketing and operation, and we're obviously employing some of those learnings as we enter new markets. And then the final thing, the final point to make is that in our plans, although the new markets are important to us, financially, they're not going to be material for these next couple of years. The 6% or 7% unit growth that we're forecasting, only 1 to 2 points of that is in the new market, so I think it's important to put that in context.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Evren, on the regions, Florida and Texas have been our strongest regions. But I would say that actually across the chain, all our regions have been performing reasonably well. In Florida or Texas, with Florida in particular, the economy in Florida over a number of years, the study we, our comps going back 2 or 3 years ago were very weak, so we think we're recovering and have recovered quite a lot of that business. And I don't have a comment on Texas.
Michael O'Sullivan: The only thing I can point to, Sean, is that the last few years there's been -- with the economic decline, et cetera, there's been so many shifts in the economy and in the retail sector that looking back just over 2 years is a little bit misleading. If you look back over 3 years or even 4 years, I think you'll see that the guidance that we have out there -- or that we're just putting out there for Q2 is in line with Q1. But you have [indiscernible].
Michael O'Sullivan: There are a couple of unusual factors that affected the margin in Q1 that Michael referenced in his comments, particularly the timing of distribution expenses that we wouldn't expect to recur in the balance of the year. So would we expect some leverage on a 2% comp? Yes, but not as much as we saw in Q1.
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me take the first piece, Jeff, about the inventory growth. I think it is very important to separate out packaway inventory, which we're planning to roll out later in the season or even in next season, from selling store inventory. The selling store inventory continues to be reduced and actually will continue to be reduced in the sort of high single digits for the rest of the year. And that's what's driving our costs of turn and then our markdowns. The packaway is much more opportunistic, and although it looks high as a percentage of inventory, the truth is that because we've been turning our inventories, that's actually quite our misleading metric. If you look at packaway as a percentage of receipts or as a percentage of sales, it's in line with our average over the last 5 years, and actually, it's somewhat lower than it was 8 to 10 years ago. So based upon that, we feel like our inventories are in pretty good shape.
Michael O'Sullivan: We take physical inventory in September, Stacy; it's hard to predict that. Certainly, over the last year, we've made investments to try and reduce shortage. Which have then have settled [ph]. So we hope to do well, but really, it's very hard to predict.
Michael O'Sullivan: Jeff, I'll take that. I think the short answer is no. dd's beat it -- its internal sales plan in the first quarter as it did last year. So again, we're very sensitive to things like gas prices and the general economy. But we really haven't seen any pull back impact to the dd's customer. I should also comment, we looked at Ross's just by income band as well based upon where the stores are and what the income demographics are for the stores. And across income bands, Ross's performance has been fairly consistent at the low-end and at the high-end, so we haven't seen any impact from gas prices.
Michael O'Sullivan: Laura, I would say you should assume that it will be similar to 2011, so about 6% to 7% unit growth. We feel like we can manage growth in a fairly high quality way at that kind of level. So although certainly long-term there are big opportunities, we think it's better to stick with the 6% to 7% unit growth per year.
Michael O'Sullivan: The other point I'd make is freight costs about 2% to 3% sales for us and fuel is just a component of that. So as John said, we built in projections in our guidance, but it's not a big vulnerability for us, at least on the cost side it's not.
Michael O'Sullivan: The other point I think Michael made earlier is the flexibility also and obviously, in between business in terms if we think there are better values in one business versus another, we can shift some dollars between those businesses as well.
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me respond to that, Mark. I think I'd go back to what we said earlier that packaway is among the most attractive stuff in the store, but to the extent that we buy more packaway, we think that's a good thing for our business. Having said all that, the truth is that if look at our packaway balance and you look at our sales for the year, packaway is close to 1/10 of our sales. So there's a limit to just how important packaway is. So did it help in the first quarter? Absolutely. But did the other merchandise do pretty well? Yes, it did. So it wasn't just the packaway trend.
Michael O'Sullivan: Also, you have to be careful with your historic levels, David. Because if you compare with 4 or 5 years ago, our packaway levels are at historical levels already. If you compare it with last year, obviously, they're higher than last year, so.
Michael O'Sullivan: No. It's very unpredictable. Frankly, we'd like if the answer was yes, but it's unpredictable. So it's hard to say.
Michael O'Sullivan: Let's see, in terms of long-term target, I think we feel very happy with our long-term goal of 10% to 15% EPS growth each year. Now, within that, I think the margin level, we think our current margins are sustainable. Maybe we can squeeze a little bit more out -- I think that's -- either way, I think we'll end up with 10% to 15% EPS growth. Now, separately on dd's, I think we've said that we think dd's can get to be a 500 store chain.
