Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President and Chief Operating Officer; Travis Marquette, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter and year-to-date performance. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. The vast majority of our stores were operating throughout the third quarter. That said, given the worsening pandemic, we will remain vigilant in monitoring local developments to assess any potential changes that might be necessary to our operations based on local state or other government directives. We will continue to make the health and well-being of our associates and customers a top priority. Turning now to our financial results. Total sales for the third quarter declined 2% to $3.8 billion with comparable store sales down 3%. Sales improved substantially compared to the second quarter following a slower start in August. This acceleration was driven by several factors, including an improvement in our merchandise assortments, a later back-to-school season, stronger performance in our larger markets and our return to more normal store hours. In October, the company refinanced $775 million in senior notes to significantly reduce the annual interest expense and total cash outlays over the life of the debt. This action resulted in a onetime charge of $240 million or $0.65 per share impact to net earnings in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. Including this impact, for the 13 weeks ended October 31, 2020, net income was $131 million or $0.37 per share compared to $371 million or $1.03 per share for the same period last year. Year-to-date, the loss per share was $0.43 on a net loss of $153 million, also including the aforementioned onetime charge. This compares to net income of $1.2 billion or $3.32 per share for the same period in 2019. Sales for the first 9 months of 2020 were $8.3 billion versus $11.6 billion last year. Third quarter operating margin of 4.4% was down from 12.4% last year and was negatively impacted by the onetime debt refinancing charge, which was equivalent to 640 basis points. In addition, the year-over-year margin decline reflects higher COVID-related operating costs in 2020 and the deleveraging effect on expenses throughout the business from the decline in same-store sales. At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 25% from the prior year with average store inventories down 8%. During the period, we continued to make progress on our distribution capabilities to support peak sales during the holiday selling season. Packaway levels at quarter end were 26% of the total compared to last year's 39%. For the third quarter, the strongest merchandise areas at Ross was home, while the Midwest and the Southeast were the best-performing geographic regions. Similar to Ross, dd's DISCOUNTS performance accelerated during the quarter as their value offering also resonated well with customers. Overall, our improved core business results demonstrates consumers' continued focus on value and our ongoing ability to deliver the bargains our customers come to expect from us. Turning to store growth. As expected, we opened 30 Ross and 9 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the third quarter, completing our expansion program for 2020. After the planned closing of about 10 existing stores in the fourth quarter, we anticipate ending the year with 1,585 Ross and 274 dd's DISCOUNTS locations for a net increase of 54 for fiscal 2020. Now Travis will provide further color on third quarter results. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Travis. As we look ahead to the holiday season, we expect a highly competitive retail environment in a difficult economic and political atmosphere, both of which are complicated by our lack of visibility surrounding the worsening pandemic. Despite these near-term challenges, I want to emphasize that we have a talented and seasoned management team that we believe will enable us to effectively navigate through any short-term headwinds. Over the longer term, we remain well positioned in the off-price sector to gain market share, as we believe consumers will continue to favor retailers' focus on delivering value and convenience, both of which we have and will continue to provide to our customers. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. First, in terms of our inventory assortments, I think as the quarter went on, the merchants did a fine job of actually chasing the goods in the market and shifting the assortments into the classifications that the customer is desiring, which is more home and things that are casual activewear. In terms of availability in the market, we're seeing availability pretty broad-based in most classifications, and there's plenty of supply, so we're not as worried about the supply. And in terms of stability of the model for off-price, as we go forward, look, I think when we get to the other side post pandemic, there's a customer who really likes shopping in stores, who enjoys the off-price model because there's a treasure hunt and the excitement, and I'll call it the fun, and also for retail stores that really focus on value and convenience, and that's really all those metrics to what the Ross model does. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of the current buying environment and margins, I think what we'll see is that, over time, that the margin part of it will not be quite as favorable as it is today because the buying environment in Q3 was really favorable. So we expect over time that it would more normalize. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, during the course of the year, we've added hundreds of vendors, pretty broad-based across all areas. In terms of our total vendor count at this moment, I don't know if I can answer that exact number at this moment. In our annual report, we had -- I think it was 7,500. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of spring, Kimberly, I think it's similar to every year. It moves based on what you find in the market. And I don't think it's consistent year-to-year. I would say, overall, that it's slightly less than what we had the year before because we flowed a lot of goods into the third quarter. That's pretty much where we are today. And then in terms of the port and disruptions at the port, you would think disruption for us equals supply. So what goes on in the first quarter, depending upon how long the ports are jammed up, we might wind up even getting some spring supply earlier. We'll have to wait and see what happens. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, actually, let's talk about brands first. Brand strategies fluctuate from year-to-year. So different brands are doing different things as the world keeps evolving. In terms of packaway versus closeouts versus slowing upfront, all the mixes of it, really, we don't see a major material change. Our main thing is that what we want to deliver are really being able to deliver the best branded bargains possible to the customer. And so that comes through different buying strategies, and we don't really see that mix as of today, changing that much. 
Barbara Rentler: I think there's some small inconsistencies now, not the way it was before. I think it's more broad-based now, but this -- in certain categories. But in every season, there are some uncertain categories, so. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, part of -- Lorraine, I think a big piece of the margin that we're seeing in the off-price sector right now is the -- with the availability of goods and the chase back into Q3. I think over time as supply levels and vendors are more proactive, I think, in managing through different sectors of inventory in stores, I think the supply will become more normalized. And I think with that, the margins will become -- I'm not saying they couldn't be better than they were historically, but I think versus where they stand today, I just don't see that holding. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the classifications, Marni, those other classifications are strong also. Beauty continues to be strong, kids is strong as well as home. 
Barbara Rentler: I think the way we should think about it is -- the way we think about it is because we chase the sales to above plan, we drove a lot of fresh receipts into the store. So the customer could come every week and see something new and something different. And so every business might not have been positioned exactly the way -- I'm not even sure the way I'd say we'd want it to because I think the off-price customers are used to coming into a store and seeing variances in inventory levels and products. But I think the thing that helped to drive the quarter sales was really the fresh receipts and the fact that she could come in every week into the treasure hunt and find something different. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Well, we think it's going to be a very promotional holiday season. I mean, it's been promotional for a number of years, and I don't expect this year to be any different. I think the most important thing for us to do is to be able to deliver really compelling bargains to the customer. And if we do that, we'll do fine. In terms of the AUR, the AUR moved a lot with the deals that you get based on the values you put on the floor, and we are highly focused on value because that's what the customer is focused on. And also, the AUR also can move around within the total box based on the businesses that you're driving. So in terms of as we go forward, we are going to buy and to drive into the businesses that the customer is responding to, and the AUR will move with that. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of the home business, the business is healthy across all classifications. I think as the customer is home and they're not going to work and they're working from home, I think every classification is good. I mean, maybe with the exception of probably the weakest business would be travel as it would make sense because people aren't really traveling, but it's very broad-based.  In terms of availability, part of the home business is a direct import business. So some lead times have gotten longer in some of those businesses for future. And then for shorter term, we did -- the merchants did a very good job of getting closeouts, some closeouts in the third quarter which we were pleased with. But that business is really much more of an upfront business and it's laid further out. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of the comp and the trending businesses, as the quarter went on, those businesses got stronger as we chased after them more aggressively when we saw the customers' trend. And so those businesses, obviously, best -- home was our best-performing business. So those businesses help to drive the comp forward. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. In terms of home, the home business escalates in the fourth quarter and gets much closer to 30% mark, 31% mark. It's traditionally around 25%, 26% for us. It comes up. As we go forward, our expectation is that business will continue to grow at a faster rate than the rest of the company because that's what the customer is after. And also, there is a lot of businesses in home that you can drive. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. So buying for Easter -- obviously, Q1 is normally a tough quarter. And with the unknown of what will happen with the virus and the pandemic, I would envision us having a very conservative plan in Q1, particularly inventory since we don't know really how things will be playing out. Buying for Easter, I think that Easter -- if people really can't go out and celebrate holidays still at that point, I think Easter will not be quite as big as it normally historically has been. So that whole first quarter period, I think, is just a conservative period that we'll have to see how big we want that to be. In terms of vendor assortments, yes, look, we have a very large merchant team. We have really very strong relationships in the market. We've tried to be very good partners during this period of time. And I see the assortment for 2021 being pretty balanced in terms of a good, better, best and the brands that we want. There'll always be -- in a vendor assortment, there'll always be certain things you don't have. There'll always be certain times you don't have it and all of that, but I don't see any major shift in the brands and the values that we can offer the customer. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores. We wish all of you and your families a happy, healthy and safe holiday season. 
Travis Marquette: Thank you, Barbara. As Barbara noted, comparable store sales decreased 3% versus last year. This decline was driven by a lower number of transactions that was partially offset by a larger average basket size. Again, as mentioned earlier, operating margin for the quarter was 4.4%, down from 12.4% last year. Cost of goods sold increased 35 basis points in the period. Merchandise margin grew by 190 basis points, driven by a favorable buying environment and lower inventory shortage. These items were more than offset by freight costs that rose 90 basis points and higher distribution expenses of 70 basis points. In addition, buying and occupancy delevered by 40 and 25 basis points, respectively. Selling and general and administrative expenses increased 765 basis points, which includes the previously mentioned 640 basis point impact from the onetime debt refinancing charge in addition to the deleveraging effect from the decline in same-store sales and higher COVID-related operating costs in 2020. Total net COVID-related expenses for the quarter were approximately $25 million with a slightly higher impact to cost of goods sold than SG&A. We expect net COVID-related costs to be significantly higher in Q4 relative to Q3. These increases primarily relate to managing impact from industry-wide capacity constraints and congestion as well as wage and incentive actions in our supply chain and stores. Turning to our balance sheet. In addition to the refinancing of a portion of our senior notes during the third quarter, we also took several actions to reduce our ongoing debt costs, including the repayment of the $800 million revolving credit facility and terminating the undrawn $500 million revolver. Overall, we remain in a strong financial position, ending the quarter with over $5.2 billion in liquidity, which includes an unrestricted cash balance of about $4.4 billion and the $800 million revolver that remains available. As mentioned in our press release, entering the fourth quarter, our month-to-date comparable store sales in November are down mid-single digits. In addition, there remains a high level of uncertainty related to the worsening health crisis, and we are concerned with how the upsurge of this pandemic might impact consumer demand during what we expect to be a highly competitive holiday shopping season. Given the lack of visibility we have concerning these external risks and how they may evolve and impact our business, we will continue to manage our operations conservatively and will not be providing specific details or earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Travis Marquette: Sure. This is Travis. We're not providing specific guidance for the fourth quarter, but a couple of comments on merchandise margins. We mentioned merch margin was up 190 basis points, driven by the favorable buying environment. We think there's -- that can continue for a little bit. Over the longer term, remains to be seen how long that will last, but we think that will continue. We also mentioned the shrink benefit, which was about 1/3 of the gain that we saw during the quarter. That's, obviously, specific to Q3 and would not repeat in Q4. Just a little color on that. The benefit was due to the significant markdowns that we took earlier this year, which reduced the value of the items that we recognized in shrink during the quarter. If you exclude the markdowns, the impact on unit shrink was relatively flat. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. I think as we mentioned, cost for the third quarter, the sort of net COVID costs is how we've been talking about it, were about $25 million. So that's some pluses and then some savings and minuses that get to that number. In terms of the fourth quarter, again, we expect the cost to be significantly higher in Q4, really related to a couple of things within stores. We expect higher costs related to ongoing investments for personal protective equipment and other payroll and incentive actions. And then in the supply chain, again, we're forecasting higher costs due to COVID-related labor actions as well as cost to respond to industry-wide supply chain capacity constraints. On your question around COVID and are they onetime? Generally speaking, yes, we would expect that as the pandemic ends that these costs would start to fade out of the business. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. You're correct. The biggest change from Q2 to Q3 was on the traffic number, transaction side for us. There was not a -- yes, that was the biggest driver. 
Travis Marquette: Yes. I'll start with the balance sheet. Again, we feel very good with our financial position. As I mentioned in the comments, $4.4 billion of unrestricted cash, about $5.2 billion in liquidity. So we feel very good about that. We talked about the debt actions that we took during the quarter. We refinanced a portion of our senior notes to significantly reduce the overall long-term cost of that. We feel good about that. I think as we talked about a little bit earlier on the call in terms of go-forward and dividends and buybacks and whatnot, again, our current focus remains on preservation of cash and liquidity. There's just a tremendous amount of uncertainty regarding the virus and how that will progress. 
Travis Marquette: Yes, sure. On shrink, you have it about right. So because of the significant markdowns that we took earlier in the year, that reduced the retail value of the items that we recorded the shrink during the quarter, which gave us a benefit. As I mentioned, if you look at it on a sort of unit basis compared to last year, it was relatively similar. 
Travis Marquette: Sure, Dana. I think it's too early to predict what's going to happen in the -- in terms of occupancy costs. Just the occupancy for us is in cost of goods sold not in the SG&A line. But I think it's too early to predict what's going to happen. Obviously, with the store closures, there's going to be -- we think there's going to be plenty of opportunities. So I think it's too early to call at this point. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's Michael Hartshorn. I'll also add with the extraordinary large number of current and future retail closures, it does mean that she has fewer places to shop, and we think that off-price in general and Ross and dd's specifically are well positioned to gain market share post pandemic. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the packaway levels, similar to the last quarter, we used packaway to chase ahead of plan sales as sales -- the acceleration of the quarter was well ahead of our internal plans. Overall, availability is plentiful, and we expect packaway to continue to build to historical levels. 
Michael Hartshorn: At the time of our Q2 call in early August, we had begun to see some stabilization in those markets in our larger markets in California, Florida, Texas and Arizona. But tourist and border locations continue to significantly underperform the rest of the chain. For the quarter, California performed above the chain average, while Florida and Texas continue to be impacted by their higher concentration of border and tourist locations. And then on the month-to-date trend, we wouldn't get into the details of inter-quarter trends other than to say, the current trend is down mid-single digits. 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, on supply chain, if you recall, at the end of the second quarter, we had some staffing challenges, but we took a number of wage -- both wage and incentive actions in Q3 and actually feel really good about our staffing levels as we move into Q4. Throughput has improved, and we also feel good about our receipt flow to the stores. If there's one thing I would say about the supply chain is there has been and continues to be port congestion, like you've seen across retail. That is causing product delays in certain areas, but with our flexible business model, our overall inventory levels are positioned in line with our plans coming into the quarter. That congestion, not only in the port but across transportation modes means that we are seeing cost pressures due to the higher rates to move freight across the U.S. On dd's growth, I think it's too early to talk about dd's growth. We'll be in a better position to do that on our year-end conference call in March. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, a little over -- we're a little over 8,000 now, Paul. So it's about a 5% increase that we've seen since COVID. 
Michael Hartshorn: I'll answer your second question first and then turn it over to Barbara on packaway. Historically, any time there's disruptions like these, it has always created supply opportunities for off-price. And I don't think this will be any different. There's -- with the port delays, there'll be missed holiday dates, and we'd expect there to be inventory opportunities. For us, there could be some risk in the fourth quarter. But again, with our -- we have a lot of flexibility to move goods in and out. We have to make sure, obviously, we have the right assortments for the customer. But coming into the quarter, we feel good about our inventory levels. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, our near-term focus is -- continues to be preserving liquidity, especially given the current upsurge in the virus and potential impact of additional government restrictions could have on consumer demand during the holidays. So we'll wait and see how holiday pans out. But based on that, it's too early to comment on future payouts. We'd expect to have commentary in our year-end earnings conference call. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. At this point, it's too early to say what our plans are for next year, but we'll be in a position to discuss in March at our year-end conference call. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, I think we're going to see opportunities across the U.S., including most -- especially in the existing markets that we're in. And also in our newer markets. So certainly, over the next couple of years that will continue to be our priority. At some point, we'll get into the Northeast. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on the consumer, we, obviously, speak to our customers often through survey work. I would say at this point we don't have a comprehensive information to share at this time, but we know that she continues to prioritize value when deciding where to shop. And given, as I mentioned earlier, the large number of retail closures, that means she has fewer places to shop now, and that's benefited us. 
Michael Hartshorn: On inventory, as you know, historically, we've managed our in-store inventory levels very conservatively, and that's not going to change going forward. I'd say we got inventory levels to where we wanted them during the quarter. We're, obviously, trying to manage the business very conservatively. I'm sure there's pockets of inventory or areas of the store where if we had more, we could have turned faster. But overall, we were pleased with the inventory levels. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I mean, the way we approach the holiday season is very cautiously. Especially with the recent upsurge and restrictions, we're going to balance sales with managing the business, managing our liquidity and managing inventory. So there is a chance that we could miss some sales, but we're going to take a very cautious approach and make sure we're positioned well to react to what's in front of us. 
Michael Hartshorn: On wages, where we're seeing the most market pressure, as I mentioned, is in our distribution centers and supply chain. And as I mentioned, we did make base wage increases. We also have COVID incentive for the DC associates. And in stores, both stores and DCs, we're very happy with our staffing levels and have been able to staff up for holiday in both areas. 
Michael Hartshorn: On transportation and freight charges, obviously, the significant -- both import and domestic congestion is driving up freight costs now. We're paying surcharges to make sure we can get freight through the supply chain and onto the stores. Our expectation would be that that would continue likely through the first quarter because that's the expectation for congestion. We'll have more to say on the full year impact in our year-end conference call. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I would -- for us, our historical level of store openings is around 100 per year. Typically, 80% Ross, 20% dd's. That's a level that we're comfortable with. We like our ability to execute at that level, both in getting the right site and also open the stores successfully from a store operations standpoint. So I'd say that's a level that we're comfortable with. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. Yes, during the third quarter, we returned to normal operating hours. Going into the holiday season, we historically have extended them further, and we plan to do the same this holiday season. We're allowed to do so. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. It's a good question, Roxanne. I'd say store capacity limits are changing on a daily basis. It's very dynamic based on local restrictions. A 25% occupancy is pretty common, but we feel good about the changes we made. We're certainly going to invest in front-end cash hearing to make sure we move people through the lines, but there is peak days and peak hours during the days where we expect to have lines, and we'll do our best to move people through. That's mainly in high-volume stores and again, on peak days. But we feel good about the strategies we put in place during the holidays. 
