Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. And I'd also like to welcome Adam Orvos, our recently appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'll begin our call today with a review of our third quarter performance, followed by an update on our outlook for the fourth quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.   As noted in today's press release, third quarter sales and profitability significantly exceeded our expectations as consumers continued to respond favorably to our broad assortment of great bargains. We achieved these results despite waning government stimulus and uncertainties related to the spread of COVID variants. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended October 30, 2021, were $1.09 on net income of $385 million. This compares to $1.03 per share on net earnings of $371 million for the 13 weeks ended November 2, 2019.   Total sales for the quarter rose 19% to $4.6 billion with strong comparable store sales increase of 14%. For the first 9 months, earnings per share were $3.82 on net earnings of $1.4 billion, up from $3.32 per share on net income of $1.2 billion for the same period in 2019. Sales for the first 9 months of this year rose 20% to $13.9 billion with comparable store sales up 14%.   For the third quarter at Ross, children and men's were the best-performing businesses while the Midwest and Southeast were the top-performing regions. dd's DISCOUNTS trends remained strong during the period as their sales performance also significantly exceeded our expectations. However, like Ross, dd's profitability was negatively impacted by cost pressures related to freight, wages and COVID.   At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were up 3%, while average selling store inventories were down 1% versus 2019. Packaway levels ended at 31% of the total compared to 39% for the same period in 2019 as we continued to use a substantial amount of packaway merchandise to support ahead of planned sales. In addition, there were receipt delays due to supply chain congestion.   Turning to store growth. We completed our expansion program for 2021 with the addition of 18 new Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS in the third quarter. For the full year, we added 65 locations comprised of 44 Ross and 21 dd's DISCOUNTS. Additionally, we plan to close 1 store by year-end. As previously mentioned, we expect to return to our normal annual opening program of approximately 100 stores in 2022. Now Adam Orvos will provide further details on our third quarter results, fourth quarter guidance and updated outlook for the year. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Adam. We're encouraged by our above-plan sales year-to-date. As Adam noted, uncertainty remains on how industry-wide supply chain congestion may negatively affect our business in the fourth quarter. That said, we believe we are well positioned as a value retailer and are confident customers will find broad assortments of great branded bargains in our stores for the holiday season.   Moving forward, consumers' increasing focus on value and convenience, along with a large number of retail -- recent retail closures and bankruptcies, make us confident about our prospects for continued market share gains in the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Barbara Rentler: And Matthew, in terms of product availability, I have a [ good feeling ], it's a good time to be a buyer, maybe not in every category but some areas are very good. Others are inconsistent but overall, it's favorable. Even with store closures, one would expect that over time, as -- after COVID as retail settles, that the market will get more bullish on creating more goods. But right now, we really feel good about market availability. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Look, our pricing model is really built off of other mainstream retailers and then we provide a discount. So we're very aware of pricing at different levels of distribution and we watch it closely. With that, we've continued to experiment with higher retail in all areas in the new organization. In some cases, it's been absolutely fine, and in some cases, not quite as fine. And I wouldn't elaborate more on that in this forum. But what I would say is we would adjust pricing over time once we understand it. We don't know where it's really all going at this point, but we are definitely experimenting with different retails. 
Barbara Rentler: And then I would say, as it pertains to the supply chain congestion, it should create more closeout opportunities for us in the future. 
Barbara Rentler: On receipt timing ahead of holiday, I think we've taken all the appropriate actions as it pertains to receipt timing, whether Michael just said chartering the vessel, building in longer lead times, everything to get goods through the port. But with that, we have concerns, not a given but we have some concerns. As we think about product for spring, I think vendors have gotten very aggressive in terms of pricing goods. I think there are some vendors that are really looking to gain some market share in this time frame and have taken bigger risk in terms of making commitments. So I think it's very much on who the vendor is and what their strategy is. But in terms of -- again, in terms of timing for holiday, we've taken the assets we think we need to take. But again, we have some concerns but it's not a given. 
Barbara Rentler: And then as it pertains to the pricing issue, we are definitely experimenting with higher retails. And I said in some areas, it's working, it's fine. In some areas, it's not fine. I think we'll continue to do that, Kimberly, and fine-tune what the customer is willing to accept as we watch what goes on in mainstream retailers and where their AURs sit. And after we get comfortable, over time, we would consider adjusting the pricing once we really understand it.  But as we get ready to enter into Q4, we're not expecting mainstream retailers to promote but we don't really know that as you get into Q4, and there's really this compressed period of time. So with that, again, merchants are out there trying new things, trying retail, seeing what the customer is willing to accept. But we kind of need to see both of those things to take, I would say, a larger step. 
Barbara Rentler: No. I think where we are now is that we will continue to test the AUR and then make probably slower moves so we really understand what that looks like in mainstream retailers. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Marni. We have seen a shift with the customers. Look, we've always had a big casual business, let me tell you that. That's always been a big business for us. And certainly during the pandemic, that business got even bigger and stronger for us. But what we have seen is we have seen the customer make a shift back into what you're looking for as holiday, glitz, dress-up, specials [ ongoing there ]. We have seen the customer make that shift into holiday product and also just more into more mainstream sports brands. So a little bit of both. So casual is still very good, still a business that we believe and it will expand and get greater, but she is making a shift, whether it's back to work or she's going out for easing, whatever she's doing, we have seen that, yes. 
Barbara Rentler: I think anything where she is leaving her house in -- on the apparel side has taken a shift, whether it's in footwear, whether it's in handbags. She hasn't replenished, replaced a lot of those products in a long time. So yes, we are seeing a shift back into some of those businesses as she goes out. She wants new stuff. So whether it's home or apparel though, Marni, I would say both businesses have been relatively similar in sales gain. So she's kind of traveling between both worlds now. I think the surge in apparel is because she just doesn't own it. 
Barbara Rentler: And then in terms of the content of the closeout buying, certainly, our expectation is that there will be full product as retailers have canceled goods because they're late and they can't get to the selling floor. So that would be real packaway for fall for Q3, Q4 of next year. But we do see opportunities on, I would guess what you're thinking of as kind of seasonless apparel that we could flow now through Q1. I believe it's a combination of both. 
Adam Orvos: Thank you, Barbara. As previously stated, comparable store sales were up 14% in the quarter. The increase was mainly driven by a larger average basket with traffic down slightly versus 2019. Operating margin of 11.4% was well above our guidance range. As expected, the decline in overall profitability versus 2019 was mainly due to ongoing headwinds from higher freight, wage and COVID-related costs.   Cost of goods sold grew by 85 basis points in the quarter. Domestic freight expenses increased 125 basis points, while higher ocean freight costs negatively impacted merchandise margin, which declined by 40 basis points. Buying also rose by 10 basis points. These higher expenses were partially offset by occupancy and distribution leverage of 65 and 25 basis points, respectively.   SG&A for the period grew 15 basis points as leverage from the strong sales gain was offset by COVID expenses and higher incentive costs given our better-than-expected third quarter results. Total net COVID-related costs for the period were approximately 35 basis points, the vast majority of which impacted SG&A.   During the third quarter, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of $241 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $650 million in stock for the year.   Now let's discuss our fourth quarter guidance. As a reminder, our projections compare to the same period in 2019. Looking ahead, while we are encouraged by the ongoing strength of consumer demand, there remains significant uncertainty related to the worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion as we enter the important holiday season. As a result and while we hope to do better, we are forecasting comparable store sales to be up 7% to 9% with earnings per share projected in the range of $0.83 to $0.93 for the 13 weeks ending January 29, 2022.   The operating statement assumptions that support our fourth quarter guidance include the following: total sales are projected to grow 10% to 13%. We expect operating margin to be 8.1% to 8.8%. This forecast primarily reflects ongoing pressure from the previously mentioned supply chain headwinds as well as holiday pay incentives in our stores and distribution centers. In addition, COVID-related costs are projected to negatively impact EBIT margin by approximately 30 basis points in the period.   Net interest expense is estimated to be about $18 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 22% to 23%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 352 million. Based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter guidance, we are now forecasting full year comparable store sales gains of 12% to 13% and earnings per share in the range of $4.65 to $4.75 compared to $4.60 in 2019. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Adam Orvos: Yes, this is Adam. Let me jump in on the first part of that question. So our strong comps were driven by size of basket, which was primarily driven by a number of units per transaction. We did have a slight increase in AUR, driven by the better full-price selling, given the above-plan sales. And then as we mentioned, there was a slight decline in traffic in the quarter. 
Adam Orvos: This is Adam, I can take that. So comps were strong throughout the quarter and really no -- weather impact was very immaterial in the quarter. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. No, I was just going to jump in and say, COVID's been a pretty consistent impact throughout the year and will be in fourth quarter. We talked about the actions we've taken from a wage standpoint and from an incentive standpoint in our DCs and our stores. Those are clearly kind of the biggest movers within SG&A. 
Adam Orvos: I'll start with the freight. I was making no commentary on what the freight cost level will be next year. I was really answering that in terms of what congestion could look like. Obviously, we'll have some other different options first quarter versus the fourth. 
Adam Orvos: Yes. We don't disclose the specific wage. We do have a base level at $11, but a significant portion of the chain is under minimum wage. California, for instance, is at $15, so the average wage is well above that baseline. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, it's Michael Hartshorn. On market share gains, longer term, we're very excited about the market share opportunity ahead of us. We're in a very healthy sector of retail with the consumer even more focused, as you mentioned, on value and convenience. We've clearly gained market share during the pandemic and are confident about our future prospects for further gains, given the significant number of retail closures and bankruptcies. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, we are seeing a very healthy consumer. When we came into the quarter, we were worried about the Delta variant and also the receding government stimulus. But we've continued to see a very healthy consumer with strong demand for us across geographies, merchandise areas, and you can see relatively across retail, one that is increasingly focused on price value.   On the freight front, we've taken a number of actions to ready ourselves for the holiday selling period, including adjusting our ordering times. We chartered our own ocean vessel, and we've been purchasing at market rate capacity to make sure we have enough ocean freight to move goods. You can see that certainly in our margins for the quarter. Our merchant margin was impacted by ocean freight that we weren't able to offset, with merchant margin down about 40 basis points. I wouldn't comment on the impact in the third quarter. The congestion right now is squarely focused on the port and getting goods out of the port. 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't break that out separately. Ocean freight is actually included in our merchant margin. Merchant margin ended up better than we expected for the quarter as we had more full-price selling and faster turns with the inventory ahead of plan -- our sales ahead of plan. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on inventory position currently, we're in a good shape. We ended the quarter with average in-store inventories down about 1%, which is where we wanted them to be, and we continue to have a fresh flow of product. There are a lot of receipts between now and the next 6 weeks. And there could be some risk in areas like home that, as Barbara mentioned, they're not a given but we reflected that risk in our guidance at 7% to 9%. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. Let me generally talk about the fourth quarter guidance. Obviously, in these uncertain times, we believe it's prudent to be conservative, as we always have with our guidance, and hope to exceed these estimates. Obviously, the large difference between Q3 is a cautious comp estimate, given the potential impact of unpredictable supply chain congestion.  The guidance also includes ongoing freight pressure related to the congestion. I would say it's not significantly worse than it was in Q3. It also includes elevated wage-related costs due to holiday incentives in both our stores and distribution centers to acknowledge our associates' extraordinary dedication throughout the pandemic. What we'd expect on that is above -- sales above the estimates, we'd expect 15 to 20 basis points of leverage.  On freight congestion, I think our view at this point is we would not expect freight to subside probably through the first half of next year. And then we'll have to see how it trends after that. In terms of what impact that could have, we'll have more to say in our year-end call as we finish up wrapping up our budget cycle. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. At this point, we wouldn't comment on next year. As I said, we'll have more to say after we wrap up the fourth quarter and provide guidance in our year-end call in early March. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I think overall, we'll have to see how it plays out. I mean, we're still in this burst of economic activity where demand is exceeding supply. I think we have to understand what happens when it's a more -- a greater balance between supply and demand, which we'll see if that's first quarter or second quarter of next year. So it's hard to say at this point. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Bob. It's a very competitive market for talent, and we've seen the most competition in our distribution centers. We made some permanent wage increases early this year. We also have some retention and incentives to get us through the peak. We're in really good shape. We've been able to staff up the peak. The distribution centers are where they need to be in the stores. Obviously, we have holiday selling ahead of us. We also have incentive -- hiring incentives there to make sure we can staff up for peak, and we're confident that we're in a good place there as well. Given the competition, we'll remain competitive to make sure that we can -- we'll remain competitive with our pay to make sure we can attract talent, and we feel really good about the workforce right now. 
Michael Hartshorn: On next year, we wouldn't comment. We'll comment again at year-end. On inventory, we typically don't guide ahead on inventory levels. 
Michael Hartshorn: It's really hard because there's a lot of moving parts because it's not only stimulus, it's customer pent-up demand. We'll end up developing plans around it as we move into next year but we haven't quantified that. 
Michael Hartshorn: We wouldn't comment specifically on next year, but we would expect -- I would say generally, we would expect COVID costs to come down. They are not wholly permanently part of the cost. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, John. As I said, obviously, we're in a very healthy sector of retail and are confident in our prospects for further market share gains. As we sit here today, it's difficult to predict how much of the inflationary cost headwinds we're experiencing from the burst of economic activity are transitory versus permanent. So margin recovery will be dependent on where and when those costs stabilize.  And of course, our sales volume, where we once again, we believe we have a long-range, large market share opportunity ahead of us. Over time, we would expect to return to double-digit EPS growth on the 3% to 4% comp. We do have initiatives in the company to try to increase efficiencies in our big areas of expense, including our stores and distribution centers, but it's going to be largely dependent on the transitory nature of the inflation that we're seeing today. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the real estate front, as we said in our comments, we ended up -- we wrapped up our program for this year. We opened 65 stores. We also said that we expect to return to historical annual program in 2022 of opening 100 stores annually. Overall, the real estate market is good. And we would expect there to be increased supply of available sites, given the level of store closures. 
