John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 7% comparable store sales gain in the fourth quarter was driven by mid single-digit growth in a number of transactions, combined with a low single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin grew by about 70 basis points in the quarter to 13%.  Cost of goods sold improved by 5 basis points, benefiting from a 35 basis point increase in merchandise margin, including 15 basis points of lower shrink expense. Other positive drivers included 35 basis points of lower distribution costs and 30 basis points of leverage on occupancy. These favorable trends were partially offset by 50 basis points in higher buying costs, mainly due to the timing of incentive expenses versus last year and 45 basis points of increased shrink expense primarily from higher rates and fuel costs versus last year.  Leverage on the strong 7% comparable store sales gain in the quarter drove a 65 basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative costs. Store operating expenses declined by about 40 basis points, while G&A costs were 25 basis points lower. As Michael mentioned, for fiscal 2011, operating margin rose to a record 12.4%, up 85 basis points over the prior year. Total cost of goods sold improved by 35 basis points, mainly due to a 50 basis point gain in merchandise gross margin, which included a 15 basis point benefit from lower shrink and 20 basis points of occupancy leverage. These favorable gains were partially offset by slight increases in freight, distribution and buying expenses of 2010 and 5 basis points, respectively.  Selling, general and administrative costs for the year improved by 50 basis points as the 5% increase in comparable store sales levered both store and G&A expenses.  Turning to our stock buyback program. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares for a total purchase price of $107 million. For the 2011 fiscal year, we repurchased 11.3 million shares for a total price of $450 million, representing 1/2 of our 2-year $900 million authorization. We expect to complete, as planned, the remaining $450 million in fiscal year 2012. We opened 70 net new stores in fiscal 2011, ending the year with 1,037 Ross Dress for Less stores in 29 states and, as Michael mentioned, 88 dd's DISCOUNTS in 7 states.  Now I'll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support our 2012 EPS targets. A more detailed version is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments in the Investors section of our corporate website.  Our fiscal year 2012 earnings per share forecast of $3.12 to $3.27 was based on projected sales growth of 7% to 8% for the 53 weeks ending February 2, 2013, compared to the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2012. This top line growth is forecast to be mainly driven by a 6% to 7% increase in the net number of stores and 1% to 2% growth in same store sales. Our forecasted store growth for 2012 includes about 60 new or relocated Ross Dress for Less and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. About 1/3 of these stores are targeted to open in new markets. These openings do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.  Our fiscal 2012 EBIT target is 12.5% to 12.7%, including an approximate 20 basis point benefit from the 53rd week. This suggests that operating margin on a 52-week basis will be relatively flat to 2012 compared to 2011. A modest increase in merchandise gross margin, driven by a mid single-digit decline in selling store inventories throughout the year, is expected to be offset by some slight deleveraging of buying and occupancy costs from the forecasted 1% to 2% gain in same store sales. We also expect somewhat lower selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales mainly due to a projected decline in incentive costs compared to last year. Net interest expense is expected to be about $8 million. Our tax rate is planned to be approximately 38%, and we expect an approximate 3% to 4% decline in average diluted shares outstanding to about 223 million.  Our first quarter guidance that we issued at the beginning of February was for same store sales to be up 1% to 2%. We also projected earnings per share to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.86, up 11% to 16% from $0.74 in the fiscal quarter of 2011. Earlier this month, we reported a much better-than-expected same store sales gain of 9% for February. That was aided by favorable weather throughout most of our markets. And with most of the quarter ahead of us, we reiterated our forecast for same store sales to be up 1% to 2% in both March and April.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments. 
John Call: So, Jeff, you're right. As far as CapEx is concerned, we did increase that spending in 2011, up from 2010. And our estimates for 2012 are around $450 million, and there's a couple of drivers. One is the types of stores we're building now tend to require more capital because we are taking up a possession of the build-out of those stores as the capital markets have pretty much put a crimp on development of shopping centers. The second piece is in the distribution area, we are beginning to plan the build-out of a couple of new distribution centers in the future years. So that is taking a bit more of CapEx as we get those activities ramped up and going. And also in the fourth quarter of this year, we've purchased corporate headquarters and we purchased another store, so that added to some CapEx as well. So I would expect... 
John Call: We don't. On one store, we had a pretty significant opportunity where we actually did buy the store, but that's really the exception to what we do. We only own a couple of the 1,000 or more stores that we operate. 
John Call: Yes. So from a merchandising margin standpoint, the plan for 2012 really contemplates us managing inventories tighter. We think we can manage inventories down into mid single-digit levels, which should deliver out better markdown performance. So that's what we're anticipating in 2012. 
John Call: So as to shortage, Brian, we take our fiscal inventory in the third quarter, and then we'll adjust whatever our accrual rate was during the third quarter. For the first couple of quarters of this year, we expect about a 10 basis point improvement. That's just based on what we will accrue. And then the third quarter, we'll take inventory. For the plan for the year, because we have record low levels of that shortage, we're not anticipating any benefit to be derived out of shortage this year. While over the past several years, we have had very, very good outstanding shortage as a result. So that's not dialed into anything this year because of where we currently are. 
John Call: So, Kimberly, as to the freight question, a couple of drivers in that increase. Obviously, rate has something to do with that. We're looking at fuel pricing this year, which has to be determined on what costs will be. We have anticipating fuel going up to some extent but we'll have to see where it goes this year. So it's a bit of a headwind for us. 
John Call: Sure. When we look at the year, single year and over multiple years, our objective is to grow earnings 10% to 15%. From that, we'll basically go bottoms up. We'll figure out the store growth needed to arrive at that. We'll also figure out the comp level that seems reasonable. Keep in mind that this year, we're up against 3 pretty spectacular years, a 5, a 5 and a 6. And so up against some pretty heavy numbers. In our business, it always -- if we can make the P&L work to achieve that 10% to 15% earnings potential on a pretty reasonable comp, good things happen if we exceed that comp. So we do tend to plan the business with a conservative bias, and we always hope to do better. 
John Call: Yes, I'll take the question on the impact of inventories or less inventories on our stores. So we design our stores with flexible fixtures, and the flexibility enables us to expand and contract in any given category within a store. But as we brought down our inventories, we have a flexible model as well that enables us to open up smaller stores where needed. So based on the demographic information that we use, we'll either open a smaller-sized store to fit that need or a larger store. So we -- the model overall is very flexible, and it's worked well for us. 
John Call: So Jeff, on the second part of your question, when we take ownership and build out a store, the CapEx in that store is probably $1.5 million. If the landlord owns that, our fixturing, et cetera, costs about $0.5 million. That $1 million, you negotiate. Obviously, you negotiate your rents down, so paid back over a period of time. And so as we see the credit markets get reestablished, development get reestablished, we'd want to switch back to more of the -- what we call a turnkey approach where the landlord is owning, but leasehold improvements would be our preference. 
John Call: I think we spend a lot of time and resources ensuring that the customer experience is right by location. And some of the examples that you've given, we've moved -- we've added walls to make sure that we have a customer-friendly environment. And as we evolve our fixtures and as we evolve our merchandising standards and skills, it's focused on ensuring that the store looks right and is presented in an appropriate way for our customer. 
John Call: Yes, sure, Mark. We're not public with the exact turn number. Clearly, inventories are down 40%. Sales were up, so it's turning significantly faster. 
John Call: Yes. As we mentioned in the recorded comments, because we planned the year without the incentive, we're picking up some leverage from that. So this year, on the 1 to 2 comp, we're leveraging it a bit. Having said that, in a more comparable year-over-year period, it takes about a 3 comp to leverage the expenses. 
John Call: So on -- Adrianne, our policy is really not to comment on mid-month sales. So we'll be out with that 1st Thursday of April. 
John Call: I'll take the shortage question. As we said earlier, we're on our third year of -- third consecutive year of record lows in shortage. With that said, we continue to make targeted strategic investments designed to control our current levels of shortage. But with that, we're hopeful to do better. 
John Call: I think Easter is moving what, a week or 2? I mean, it's 2 weeks. It's probably -- you had some minimal move compared to when it moved in 2010, it was more significant. So from our perspective, it's not going to be that significant kind of inter-month. Having said that, I'll reiterate again, our policy is not to comment on sales mid-month, but we do want to make sure that we are prepared to get through the Easter season, which I think we'll do fine. And Easter, obviously, this year is still in fiscal April, then switching to March, obviously. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and fiscal year of 2011. Despite exceedingly tough multi-year comparisons for both periods, we were able to achieve solid growth in sales and earnings. We continue to benefit from an increased focus on value by consumers, combined with the diligent execution of a number of strategies we have implemented throughout the company. Our top priority, of course, is continuing to strengthen our ability to acquire terrific name-brand bargains for our stores. To achieve this, we are making further investments in our merchandise organization. This is the key to both maximizing our access to the best opportunities for products and further expanding our very large vendor base.  We also believe there is still room for additional reductions in selling store inventories. Today, these levels are almost 40% lower than just 4 years ago, and we are targeting an additional mid single-digit percentage decrease for 2012. Operating with less product in our stores has benefited merchandise margin due to fewer markdowns. Turning our merchandise faster has also enhanced sales by increasing the percentage of fresh merchandise in front of our customers.  Our planning and allocation systems and processes have been rolled out for 2 full years now. They are helping us do a better job of getting the right merchandise to the right store at the right time. Planning and allocating at a much more detailed level is more important than ever today, especially with less inventory in our stores.  Our performance has also benefited from our shortage control program, which has resulted today in record low levels of shrink. In addition, we have implemented numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the business to drive down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization and back-office functions. All of this gives us the confidence to continue to target, over the longer term, average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15%. The formula for achieving this is a combination of unit growth, annual increases in same store sales and reductions in shares from our ongoing stock repurchase programs.  At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. I think there have been very good opportunities in the market, and there's been good market direction in both those businesses. And your last part of that question was do we see those businesses being strong in 2012 also? The answer would be yes. 
Michael Balmuth: I see other categories emerging to be strong. Just as strong, I'm not so sure. They've been very -- these 2 categories have been very, very strong. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. In general, we don't comment on other retailers’ business models or strategies. But do we overlap with Penney's customers? I would say we do. I don't have a number off the top of my mind right now. But certainly, any dislocations in supply that any -- that create some uncertainties in this whole supply line usually are a good thing for Ross price. So that's how I look at the Penney situation. It's really kind of a watch-and-see. And virtually, every department store customer or most department store customers, there is some overlap with our pricing. 
Michael Balmuth: You're right. First off, we believe off-price and specifically our model, off-prices executed well does well in good times and bad times. I think one thing that is -- it's been a while since environment’s become less promotional. Off-price, specifically Ross, we do better when we're in a non-promotional environment or less promotional environment. So I think that would be healthy for our business. And certainly, if I coupled out the dislocation of supply that could be going on now based on changes in strategies, that will help fuel our supply line during this period. And finally, I think our packaway position puts us in a much better position, in a very strong position to do well and if the economy starts to move a little up-tempo. So less commercial environments though in a better economy we think will be good for us. And one other big difference from the last time that we've been in the good economic situation, a lot of retailers have gone away. So I think we find ourselves in a better position just by surviving and being a reasonably profitable retailer in this time. 
Michael Balmuth: Home business in both concepts, we're very pleased with. It's just not been in the top 2 performance of the company, in both companies. And we are very pleased with where we've -- the progress we've made. We also -- I would say we packaway some products, but nothing in the -- nothing relatively large as we do in non-home businesses. But we use it selectively. 
Michael Balmuth: It's a little different, okay. It's a little less gift-driven, and a little more utilitarian driven. 
Michael Balmuth: Actually, we're seeing plenty of inventory availability. What the exact reason for that is? I know what I've been reading. I've been reading the same things you have, but there's been plenty of inventory in a fairly broad-based way. 
Michael Balmuth: But in general, we have, not in a dramatic way, we have shrunk our prototype a bit over the last couple years, knowing where we're going with our inventory reduction. 
Michael Balmuth: I would say that the prototype size is smaller than what we've opened in the past. But we've always had a flexible model that's enabled us to open buildings that are larger than prototype. But I'd say most of them today tend to be -- tend to trend more towards smaller than our average prototypes. So we're finding our -- the ability to merchandise these better than we have in the past. It provides us with increased availability when we're flexible and we're able to get different sizes. But one of the benefits of having less inventory is we don't need as big a building. 
Michael Balmuth: I would add that our customers seem to be responding favorably to having an environment that is easier to shop, and I understand that in some cases, we're showing a little more wall or a lot more wall and a lot more chrome. And the customers seemed to be all favorably that, that is not a big issue for them if they're finding the right bargains. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, look, I can say this about it. That I think an earlier Easter is an advantage, okay? And that's as far as I think I can comment. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, this shuffling -- there's a lot of shuffling going on in the mid-Tier, and I certainly couldn't comment on any vendors, okay? But this kind of shuffling is usually good for us, okay. We're a constant. We're stable. We're focused. We have a large volume buying organization, seeing lots of vendors. So the shuffling you're talking about is usually a very good thing for us. 
Michael Balmuth: I don't think that's a number I would -- actually, I don't think it's a quantifiable number. You're asking where we've improved relationships. We've improved relationships with a lot of vendors. And I'm sure there are vendors you could call who’d say we're slightly worse than we were last year as a vendor relationship. So I don't think it's quantifiable. 
Michael Balmuth: On the buying side, in -- from '11, -- in '11, I think we grew our merchant organization slightly over 10%. And I would think we'll probably -- we'll be growing the organization about the same amount in fiscal '12. There are new categories that we are putting into our store, but in this environment, I just wouldn't be comfortable discussing it. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Certainly, what happened last year in import cost and what was not -- was something we all have to get used to and the customer had to get used to a bit. In some cases, they did; in some cases, they didn't. As we move towards fall, there are some reductions going on as cotton prices have come down significantly. And I think the potential benefit for an off-price retailer is as prices come down, I would expect that certain places in the market will invest more in product. If they do that and business is not strong in mainstream, there'll be opportunities for us. And that's how I think -- where I see the potential benefit for us. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Actually, I'll take that, Jeff. It's Michael O'Sullivan. E-commerce is an area that we've certainly looked at very closely. Our assessment is that currently, it's very hard for an off-price business to make money in e-commerce, especially at the price points that we operate at. But it's something that we're going to continue to look at. And if a model starts to emerge online, where we think that might change and where we think we can make money, it's certainly something we'll take a closer look at. I would say, though, that our priority right now is rather than online is actually our off-line, sort of bricks-and-mortar business where we know the returns are very strong and we have attractive growth opportunities. So that's really the focus for us, off-line rather than online. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay, I'll try to answer that. It's Michael O'Sullivan again. Yes, it's very early in the new markets. We've only been -- those stores have only been open around 5 months. So in terms of your specific question on any unusual trends around tickets or traffic, nothing to call out, no. There's nothing out of line in terms of what we're seeing in the new markets versus the rest of the chain. What I would say is everything we've seen so far in terms of sales performance, customer research and just customer feedback, sort of reinforces our belief that we're going to be successful in those markets long term. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. I'll take the first part of that in terms of performance. Dd's, as Michael mentioned in his remarks, dd's had a very solid sales performance in 2011, beating our internal plans, or perhaps more notably, had a very strong profit performance last year. And that profit performance was driven primarily by margins, which, in turn, were driven by lower inventories and our sort of fresher supply of goods to the store, similar strategy to what we've used at Ross over the last few years. So we've been very happy with dd's performance. I don't expect -- segueing into the next part of your question, I don't expect any major changes to strategy at dd's. We're pretty happy with the strategic direction of that business. We'll make -- obviously, we'll make adjustments and improvements to the assortment or to operations as we identify areas for improvement. But no major changes. We're pretty happy with the direction. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. Kimberly, you're right, dd's actually became profitable in 2010, and its profitability improved further in 2011. So we're very happy with its profit performance in 2011. In terms of our store potential, we believe that this concept can grow to about 500 stores. And in terms of 4-wall profitability, you're right. As we've commented in the past, if you look on a 4-wall basis, and by that, I mean if you take gross margin and subtract all store-related expenses, dd's is comparably profitable to a Ross Store. So that actually gives us encouragement that as dd's build scale over time, this is going to be an attractive business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So yes, as Michael commented, about 1/3 of the new store this year will be in new markets. And Chicago is, by far, the biggest of those new markets. There are a few other smaller markets in the Midwest region that will account for the rest of those 20 new stores. In terms of how the Chicago stores are performing, again, it's too early, 5 months in. I think we're very, very happy with what we've seen, but I wouldn't extrapolate from it at this point. It's just too early. But as a general point, everything we've seen and heard in terms of research we've conducted, customer feedback we've gotten, as well as the early performance continues to reinforce our belief that we're going to be successful in this market. 
Michael O'Sullivan: To some degree, it's not the only thing that we've done. So I think there are a number of components that sort of made us comfortable expanding into new markets last year and give us encouragement as we continue to expand. I think micro-merchandising is one piece, which really is a way of sort of adapting our assortments at a local level and trending those assortments more rapidly than we would've been able to before. So I think that's a very important tool in new markets. But I think some of the other investments we've made, I think -- the investments we've made in the merchant group over the last 5 years or so, which has benefitted the whole chain, should also benefit new markets in that the quality of the merchandise and the quality of the assortments has gone up. And I think the other aspect is the fact that we are carrying less inventory per store, which means that we're able to react much more quickly to trends that we see in an individual market. So I think there's a package of things that we've done in the last 2 years, which give us encouragement that we can be successful in our -- in the new markets. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Adrianne, I'll take that. It's Michael O'Sullivan. As I've mentioned in an earlier -- in response to an earlier question, dd's has a pretty good 4-wall contribution level which tells us that as it scales up, it will become more profitable as a business. So we think the long-term prospects for dd's are pretty good. I mean, I would caution you that right now, although dd's is profitable, it's less than 8% of our stores. So it's really not a material impact on our overall P&L. And it won't be for a few years. 
Michael O'Sullivan: It so hard to answer that because dd's has less than 100 stores. Ross has more than 1,000. And that scale matters a lot. So it's hard to compare the 2. I think suffice it to say, obviously, we're very happy with Ross' EBIT margin. And our long-term models tell us that as dd's scales up, dd's will have an attractive profit margin. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dana, let me take the first part of your question and split it into 2. I'll address the systems issue, and then separately, we'll talk about shrink. So on systems, we're -- I guess, the way we think about it is there are 3 buckets to sort of systems investment. There is firstly, sort of continually upgrading and improving our systems or improving things like information security and merchandise and operational reporting, a bunch of things like that, that we do on a continual basis. Secondly, there’s systems investments that we make to sort of improve what I would call operational efficiency within our stores or within our IPCs. And then certainly, there's a bucket of what I'd call strategic investments, things like micro-merchandising. And we continue to look for those kind of sort of strategic investments, ways that IT systems investment can help the overall business. And we have some things in the pipeline, nothing on the scale of micro-merchandising at this point, but things that we're looking at. So that's kind of how I'd sum up the systems side of things. 
