John Call: Thank you, Michael. As Michael discussed, our fourth quarter operating margin increased by 60 basis points on top of a 260 point gain last year. A 105 basis point reduction in cost of goods sold was partially offset by a 45 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Let me provide some additional color on these margin trends.  Merchandise margin increased a better than expected 15 basis points on top of a very substantial 195 basis point gain last year. Shrink and freight improved by about 10 basis points each, while occupancy levered by about 20 basis points. The remainder of the improvement in cost of goods sold was primarily due to lower buying expenses as a percent of sales, mainly driven by the timing of incentive costs versus last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales rose 45 basis points. Store operating expenses rose by about five basis points, reflecting investments we made in staffing to improve our customer shopping experience during the important holiday period. The balance of the increase in SG&A as a percent of sales primarily reflects the timing difference related to benefit costs versus the prior year. Now I'll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support our 2011 EPS target. A more detailed version is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments in the Investors section of our corporate website. Our fiscal year 2011 earnings per share forecast of $4.90 to $5.10 is based on projected sales growth of 5% to 6% over the prior year. This top line growth is forecast to be driven by a 7% increase in the number of stores, and 1% to 2% growth in same-store sales on top of a 5% and 6% gains, respectively, in 2010 and 2009.  As Michael noted, our projected store growth for 2011 includes about 60 new or relocated Ross Dress for Less and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these projections do not reflect our plans to close a number of older or relocated stores. While we have achieved huge gains in profit margins over the past few years, we believe that the current levels of record high profitability are sustainable. As a result, we are projecting flattish operating margin of 11.4% to 11.6% for fiscal 2011 versus 2010.  Again, merchandise gross margin in 2011 is targeted to be relatively flat versus the prior year. That said, reported gross margin is projected to decline slightly mainly due to our forecast of somewhat higher packaway-related distribution costs and some slightly leveraging of occupancy expenses based on our assumption of 1% to 2% growth in same-store sales. We expect that modest margin pressure to be offset by somewhat lower selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales, mainly due to a decline in incentive costs versus 2010. Net interest expense is expected to be about $9 million. Our tax rate is planned to be approximately 38% to 39%. And we expect an approximate 3% to 4% decline in average diluted shares to about $115 million.  Our first quarter guidance that we issued at the beginning of February was for same-store sales to be flat to up 1% on top of a very strong 10% gain in last year's first quarter, making it our toughest quarterly sales comparison of the year. We also projected earnings per share to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.32, up 9% to 14% from $1.16 in the first quarter of 2010. We recently reported better-than-expected same-store sales of up 3% in February, compared to our forecast of flat to up 1%. This was also on top of an outstanding 1% increase last year. While we are encouraged by the solid start to the year, February is the smallest month of the quarter for both sales and earnings with a much more important March, April selling period ahead of us. There is also a holiday shift that results in all of our pre-Easter sales coming in April this year versus March in 2010. Calendar shifts like this from one year to the next makes it difficult to accurately predict our sales trends until we get through April. As a result, earlier this month, we reiterated our forecast for same-store sales to be down 2% to 3% in March and up 4% to 5% in April.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments.
John Call: No, it was a shift throughout the year, Mark. We just insured a portion of our benefits and we make quarterly estimates and reserve around those estimates. And last year, the impact to the fourth quarter quite frankly was a 20 basis point benefit. This year, it was a 20 basis point drag. So that's how we came up -- that's what derived the 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So it's simply quarterly timing. There was nothing from ’11 that was pulled into '10. And for '10, the benefit costs were relatively flat.
John Call: Actually, in the third quarter, I think it was about 100 basis points where we benefited from the stores. Going through 2011, we'll probably benefit 10 to 15 basis points from quarter based on lower year rates, based on the results we had in 2010.
John Call: And then on your second question, David, on our leverage point. Typically, SG&A will lever around a three for the year. We're trying to do slightly better than that in 2011. Our guidance indicates that we'll get a little bit of leverage out of G&A on 1% to 2% comp, and that's based on lower incentive cost plan for 2011 around that comp.
John Call: Yes. Initially, on the share buyback, we would anticipate that’d be executed similar to how we've executed in the past, which would be consistent even over the year. As far as CapEx goes, it is pretty even throughout the year. Having said that, a little less in the fourth quarter as all the stores have been built into the fourth quarter. So it will fall off for the fourth quarter. But other than that, fairly even throughout the year.
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. To sum up, despite very tough prior year comparisons, we were able to achieve robust growth in both sales and earnings during 2010 that was significantly above our expectations. Looking ahead, we believe that our steadfast focus on diligently executing our off-price strategies will enable us to continue to deliver compelling bargains and solid results in 2011 and beyond. The biggest driver of our improved profitability has been much higher merchandise gross margin, resulting from better buying and the significant reductions we have made in average selling store inventories. Today, selling store inventories are more than 30% lower than they were just three years ago. Off-price buying is and always will be our most important business strategy, and we remain committed to making ongoing investments in our merchandise organization and increasing our vendor network to maximize our access to the best opportunities in the marketplace for product. The system divestments and new planning and allocation processes we rolled out in 2009 also continue to help us do a better job of getting the right merchandise to the right store at the right time. This is an internal process that we believe will enable us to build on our successes and continue to enhance sales productivity and profitability going forward. Planning and allocating at a much more detailed level is more important than ever today, especially with less inventory in our stores. Our record results have also benefited from the implementation of a number of initiatives on the operating side of our business. These include our shortage control program, which has resulted in record low levels of shrink along with the numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies we have put in place throughout the company to drive down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization and back office functions. As a result of these changes, we believe that current levels of annual operating margins are sustainable going forward. This gives us the confidence to continue to target, over the longer term, solid average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15%. The formula for achieving this is a combination of unit growth, annual increases in same-store sales and ongoing reductions in diluted shares from our stock repurchase programs.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have.
Michael Balmuth: On the packaway levels, our packaway levels will come down when the bargains are less in the marketplace and it's purely a function of that. And the current situation is very good from a buying end. So I'm not sure that's going to happen that quickly.
Michael Balmuth: There are better margins within the categories that each packaway falls in. If there's more availability at higher end brands, the margins are obviously not quite as good as moderate brands in our stores. So -- but relative to a specific category, the margins are better and the brand content is usually very strong.
Michael Balmuth: So Marni, I'll give you the metrics on traffic. So the full comp was based on low double-digit -- excuse me, low single-digit increase in traffic and a low single-digit increase in the basket. So on all, pretty evenly spread between the traffic and increase in the basket to direct the full comp.
Michael Balmuth: And I'll just add in, the packaway is typically the best bargains in our stores. And we think whenever we see brands of the quality and styles of the quality that we're able to packaway, we're confident it's a very good thing for our business. And relative to cost inflation, we have not seen a lot for spring, okay? But certainly, there is some coming out based on the cost increases coming out of China as we move into the back half of the year.
Michael Balmuth: First of all, packaway is really a small percentage even though it's climbed above total inventory. It's a small percentage of our total flow out to stores for the year. Your second part of your question asked about, could you repeat the specific part of that? I know the topic, but please repeat the specific part.
Michael Balmuth: I think one thing to consider is there has not been an apparel inflation for a long, long time. So I don't think any experience that any of us would have on apparel inflation would be material. It's really years and years. But so we're monitoring the situation closely. Department stores are experimenting today with some higher price points. And basically, over time, we're in a value business that has the -- if we create the value differential between ourselves and other mainstream retailers, be it department or specialty stores, we’ll be fine. There is an adjustment period that, I think, retail might go through. We'll see. But over time, we're in a value business which is defined by differential from mainstream retailers.
Michael Balmuth: On the mix, Sean, the mix is -- it's fairly constant. We won't draw that out of the major contributed increase in merchandise margin. It's really based on lowering inventories, quicker turns, lower markdowns and actually pretty good volumes -- very good volumes.
Michael Balmuth: Sean, we -- as I've said before, on the 1% or 2% comp, we can drive out some leverage in SG&A. It's been a fairly constant number. We're continually working at it. There are programs in the company that continue to cost out the business and actually help them [indiscernible].
Michael Balmuth: Well, we've had this level of packaway level inventory before, okay? And we know how to manage it, we know how to buy it, we know how to manage it, we know how to flow it and we view it as a real plus.
Michael Balmuth: And dd's packaway is up and remember, it's a less branded business, so we probably -- my belief is it’s not up as much was Ross’.
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second question, Tracy, about Ross stores and dd's stores, typically dd's are in somewhat different locations and different kinds of malls. They tend to be in lower income areas or ethnic areas, and those are the markets where dd's does very well.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, we do, in that we have a sprinkling. We have -- obviously, we have 1,000 stores, and we have a sprinkling of Ross Stores that have similar demographics. But obviously, dd's is targeted in that customer base whereas Ross is targeted at a slightly higher income customer compared with dd's.
Michael O'Sullivan: Not at this point because of the space that we're going to be entering. In fact, we're still finalizing specific locations.
Michael O'Sullivan: Marni, on your second part of your question, we have done quite a lot of work to understand what's driven that additional traffic and what those customers look like. And I have to tell, they look very similar to the customers we have. In fact, some of that traffic is existing customers shopping Ross more often than they used to.
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. Adrianne, I think both of those are opportunities. Certainly, by taking down the inventories, we've made the store more shoppable. But we're also -- we've also created more space in the store, which gives us flexibility to do either of the things you just described. Obviously, if we see additional categories that we want to expand into, we have the opportunity now to develop the space in the store. And similarly, if we see slightly smaller boxes in terms of locations that we'd like to move into, we can do that, too. So both of those things are on the cards over the next few years.
Michael O'Sullivan: No, not at this point. We -- you probably know that we're always experimenting. We're always looking for categories, and that will continue. I wouldn't want to be more specific than that right now.
Michael O'Sullivan: So I would say, very little impact. Frankly, what happened between those businesses geographically was tiny. So from a realistic point of view, really not material. From a supply point of view in the long term, I would say it's always a good thing for us if there are fewer competitors in the market.
Michael O'Sullivan: Stacy, let me start by just drawing a strong distinction between packaway inventory and in-store inventory. We're using markdowns on the in-store inventories. It's accepted by the customer and in our view, has a limited shelf life. So that's what we've been managing very tightly over the last few years. When we talk about inventories being down by a third, that's what we mean. Packaway inventory is quite different. It's great opportunities that we found in the market from a supply point of view, and we decided to take advantage of those opportunities and pack them away for future flow to the stores. So the two things are quite distinct, and we continue to pursue a policy of very tight in-store inventories, which we think will serve us well. And we've got those to -- actually been in quite fortunate position in Q4 in terms of being able to build up a pretty strong and I think very attractive packaway inventory. But I would call that distinction between those two.
Michael O'Sullivan: David, I'll take the first question on marketing in new stores. We certainly will be marketing in new markets that we're entering to build our wares. But I would say, yes, marketing is one of a number of things that we're doing. We'll have time to prepare a new market entry. We've done a lot of work around the assortment as well. And obviously, in our real estate group, we're doing a lot of work around selecting the right locations. But marketing is one piece of it. In terms of what impact that might have on the P&L, immaterial. The -- given that, I think in Michael's remarks, he made a point that the number of stores in new markets will be around about 1.5% of our overall store base. That's 15 stores or so. So the marketing in that market really isn't going to have much impact on the P&L, certainly not noticeable.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, sure. In the last couple of years, clearly, the retail real estate market has softened somewhat. So we did see 18, 24 months ago, we saw rents improve a little bit. So they've stabilized and we're getting some benefit now, but that's how I would characterize it.
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, over the last few years, I would say that there are really three things that have driven our operating margin improvement. There's a lot of offense that we're taking because of the tighter inventory control. There's the improved shrink that we've referred to several times. And then there's expense leverage from higher sales. On the first two of those, the lower markdowns and the improved shrink, we think maybe there's a little more room to squeeze out a little more on both of those. And then on the third, expense leverage. It all depends on what happens with sales. So we feel good about our current margin level and maybe there's a little bit of upside in it.
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. Patrick, on the second part of your question first, they’ll be Ross, not dd's. And then on the first part of your question, why not a broader strategy? We -- Ross, historically, has always concentrated on building its share in each market over time. So if you look at the print of the company in terms of where we have stores, we've built strength and that actually helps to drive our performance. So in terms of expansion, we're kind of thinking along the same lines, that we should be quite focused on specific markets and then gradually expand over time. And that's the approach we're taking in the Midwest. We’ve always had that sort of approach.
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, micro-merchandising has now been running for about 18 months. And the real thought behind micro-merchandising is to plan and trend our business at a more local level, which really means that we should be able to drive faster turns. And clearly, in 2010, we were able to drive faster turns and we think at least a portion of that is micro-merchandising. We can't really quantify that. I don't think there's a number I can give you on that. But should it help us in 2011 and for that matter in 2012? It should. And it should also help prospecting new markets and it should allow us to sort of get the assortment in line more rapidly than we otherwise would've been able to. So we think we will have benefits this year and beyond.
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Richard. Yes, the thought behind micro merchandising is to better predict what each store should be able to sell based upon its trend and to slow inventory based upon what that trend looks like and what that prediction is. When we previously enter new markets, we didn't have that kind of capability. So it took us a while to figure out how to back fill each store and install product. With micro-merchandising, we should be able to do a better job with that. And that means that we should be able to basically align the assortment between what the customer is looking for in the new market, which over time, I think will help us develop our business in the new market more rapidly and more successfully.
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. On the first part, no, we wouldn't comment on the margin differential between packaway and the flow of product. But the other point I'd make on that though is, as Michael mentioned earlier, packaway is some of the best products that we have in the store, so it would actually have a sales impact as well as any potential margin impact in 2010. And then there really isn't any -- I can't think of any link between shrink, which I think was your second question in packaway. There really isn't any.
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on your second point about guidance and sales, I think it's really a factor of we actually have more new store openings this year versus last year. And that's the differential we were taking out in the number.
