Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations.  We will begin our call today with a review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. Earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.73 or a 6% gain on top of a robust 19% increase in the prior year period. Net earnings for the quarter were $291 million, up from $282 million last year. Sales increased 5% to $3,089,000,000, with comparable store sales up 2% on top of a strong 5% gain in the first quarter of 2015. Despite facing our strongest prior year comparisons, along with merchandising execution issues in ladies' apparel, sales performed at the high end of guidance, while earnings per share were slightly above our targeted range. During the quarter, home and shoes were the best-performing merchandise categories at Ross, while ladies' apparel underperformed. Geographically, the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic were the strongest regions. Although our first quarter operating margin of 15.4% was down from last year, it was slightly above plan, mainly due to higher merchandise margins that partially offset the expected impact from the unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses. As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were flat versus the prior year, with average in-store inventories down slightly. Packaway as a percent of total inventories was 46% compared to 45% at this time last year. Both sales and operating profits at dd's DISCOUNTS were better-than-expected in the first quarter, as customers continued to respond positively to dd's value offering. Our store expansion program remains on track as we opened 22 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS stores in the first quarter. We continue to expect to add a total of 90 new locations in 2016 comprised of approximately 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores during the year. Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our first quarter results and details on our second quarter guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. As mentioned earlier, even though we faced our toughest prior year comparison and comparable store sales came in at the high end of guidance with earnings per share performing slightly above our targeted range, we feel we should have done better.  In hindsight, we now know that we had some merchandise execution issues in ladies' apparel during the quarter that are now in the process of being addressed. Looking ahead, we have plenty of open-to-buy, which gives our merchants the ability to select the best values from the large volume of product  available in the marketplace today.  Seeing this position will enable us to offer customers even more fresh and exciting new bargains as we move through the second quarter and the balance of 2016. As always, providing customers with the most compelling name brand values possible is the key driver of both our short- and long-term success.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Paul, as it pertains to packaway, yes, we did buy packaway goods in the first quarter that we would use for second quarter and for fall. We're actually pleased with the packaway assortment that we have. And in terms of... 
Barbara Rentler: At this point, we're working on the issues. So they are in the process of being addressed. We're working to fix them as quickly as possible, and it's embedded in our guidance for Q2. So we hope to do better. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, what I would say is that we could have done a much better job of executing our merchandise game in ladies, and it was mainly in the transition to spring products that we made some execution errors. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, what I would add, Ike, is that, that I believe in our assortments in ladies' apparel are not up to the standards that our customers come to expect. That probably makes us a little less compelling to shop. 
Barbara Rentler: And what I would say is, we're going to -- we're working to address the issues and to fix them as quickly as possible. We've been doing this for a long time. We've made mistakes before, and we're going to get it fixed. 
Barbara Rentler: So let me start with -- in terms of the transition of ladies',  the only other flavor I would put to it is that, really, what we found is that we had wrong fabrications and colors. They were not appropriate. So our assortment was, I would say, off course. In terms of the starts to the second quarter, we, obviously, wouldn't comment on that in the quarter that we're in. In terms of the back half, we're working on it. We're drilling in, figuring out what's wrong, working on it and trying to fix things as quickly as possible, but it's hard to predict. So we've got it embedded in our guidance, and we're hoping to do better. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, our strength in shoes is broad based, both in brown shoe and athletics. As is our strength in home is broad based between decorative home and bed and bath. So both businesses are pretty healthy across the board. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, our history would show that the supply will take time. As the department store sector, even though they pulled back, their business is way of, and it's very difficult I think for vendor to get ahead of that. So history would show that there would be plentiful supplies to go forward. 
Barbara Rentler: No. Actually, we felt good about our home business, our shoe business, and we're pretty pleased with our junior business. So it really was ladies' apparel. 
Barbara Rentler: So what I would say is that we're working to fix it as quickly as possible. So we are a 1,300 store chain. It takes a little bit of time, but we've done this before. And so that's why we have it built in our guidance. And we hope to do so [ph]. 
Barbara Rentler: I would say the AUR sweater for sweater might be the same, the value might be better. So when there's a lot of supply in the market, and you get close outs on, say, better or branded product that you could put out at a lower retail, the AUR could be the same, but the value could be significantly better. 
Barbara Rentler: I would say that the vendor community is pretty much open to doing business with us everywhere. I mean here. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the execution issues in ladies', really, it's a mix issue. We just -- we bought wrong products in fabrications, in colors, we just didn't transition into spring product appropriately. 
Barbara Rentler: I think, as I said before, I believe that when our assortments in ladies' apparel are up to standards, the customer comes to expect. That probably makes us a less compelling place to shop, and that would affect our traffic trends. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Our 2% comparable store sales gain was driven by an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, first quarter operating margin of 15.4% was down 30 basis points from last year, which was better than our guidance for a 50 to 70 basis point decline. Cost of goods sold increased 10 basis points in the quarter, mainly due to a 55 basis point increase in distribution expenses from the expected impact of a new distribution center we opened in the second quarter of last year as well as the unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs that benefited this period in 2015. These expense pressures were partially offset by merchandise margins that rose a better-than-expected 35 basis points and 10 basis points in lower-volume costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by 20 basis points due to a combination of deleverage from the 2% increase in comparable store sales and also higher wages. During the first quarter, we repurchased 3.1 million shares for a total purchase price of $176 million. This keeps us on track to buy back as planned a total of $700 million in stock for the year, which will complete the 2-year, $1.4-billion program authorized by our Board of Directors in February 2015. Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. We continue to forecast same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending July 30, 2016, to be up 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain in the second quarter of 2015, with earnings per share of $0.64 to $0.67 compared to $0.63 last year. Our guidance for the second quarter is based on the following assumptions. Total sales are projected to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 31 new stores during the period, including 24 Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. Second quarter operating margin is projected to be relatively flat at 13.8% to 14.0% compared to last year's 13.9%. In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $4 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 38% to 39%,  and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 397 million. Based on our first quarter results and the second quarter guidance, we now project fiscal 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.63 to $2.72 compared to $2.51 last year.  Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On the regions, Paul, the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic, as we said in the comments, were the strongest regions. The Midwest has been very strong over the last several years, while the Mid-Atlantic benefited from a favorable weather comparison versus last year. In terms of other states, you mentioned California, our largest region performed slightly below the chain average. Texas was above the chain average on top of a strong performance last year when it was also above the chain average. And then Florida, trailed the chain average. We believe some of the merchandising issues that Barbara mentioned in her comments had a bigger impact to Florida as we transition spring product earlier there. 
Michael Hartshorn: I guess, we mentioned in our remarks that the 2% comp was driven by the size of the average basket. Transactions are approximately[ph] for traffic was flat during the quarter. The higher basket was driven mainly from higher units per transaction. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. In terms of other merchandise performance, we did have categories that performed well. Home and shoes did very well for us. In terms of trying to understand the impact, it's always hard to do. That said, our comparable store sales did slow 1 to 2 points from our trends in the back half of last year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Stephen. So in the quarter, distribution costs were 55 basis points higher than last year, and that's split fairly evenly between anniversary-ing our -- the opening of our distribution center in the second quarter of last year and also the timing of packaway-related costs. As we get into the second quarter, the impact of that DC will be about half of what it was in the first quarter, and we'll have it fully anniversaried when we get back to the back half of the year. In terms of timing of packaway, if you recall last year, we got a benefit in the first quarter, we got a benefit in the third quarter and took a charge in the fourth quarter. So we're up against those this year. So we had a -- about half of the 55 basis points was a drag. In this first quarter and our upcoming second quarter, the guidance assumes packaway is relatively flat. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Stephen. Sales were relatively consistent throughout the quarter. Comp sales for March and April combined which removes the impact of the Easter calendar shift, were very similar to what we saw in February. 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, on inventory levels, we came into the year expectations that after many, many years of inventory reductions that our expectation we're going to operate the business with slightly lower inventory this year, and that expectations hasn't changed. 
Michael Hartshorn: AUR trend at both Ross and dd's are pretty stable, pretty consistent with the prior year. In terms of the cash balance, we look at it time to time, we typically -- we're in the middle of a 2-year authorization, we'll look at it next year in term with -- along with our longer-term plans and make a decision at that point. 
Michael Hartshorn: No, that was unrelated, and that's how we operate the business. That was our plan, and it's really [indiscernible]. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes -- no, so Marni, the UPT has grown for us for a while. It helped drive our comp last year, and our perspective is that the consumer is coming in and we have great bargains in the store and they're buying more per transaction. It's hard to delineate the pieces of that. 
Michael Hartshorn: Roxanne, on guidance. So we'd only give -- we only give one quarter at a time. We'll talk about Q3 after the second quarter. But the second quarter guidance assumes some increase in merchandise margin for the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: So David, what, I think, we're saying is we could -- we're going -- we expect to achieve our original guidance despite the ladies' issue because that's what happened for the full year. We raised our full year guidance by the $0.01 in the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Randy, on the guidance, just to repeat what Barbara said earlier, the issues are going to take some time to fix, and we're focused on, as an organization, to try to get that done quickly. Despite that, like in the first quarter, we obviously missed some opportunities, thought we could have done better, thought we could have beat our original guidance. The guidance going forward is unchanged, and we hope we can do better. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Brian, I'll take the second part of your question first. Maybe Michael Hartshorn will respond on the expectations we met for reductions throughout the rest of the year. But in terms of some of the issues you raised like gas prices, wages, et cetera, I mean our business is always affected by sort of external variables and when we came into the year, we did -- we raised some about concerns about the economic in the consumer outlook. It's difficult, as you say, parse out those different components and quantify their impact. What I would say though is that I think we've always acknowledged that our performance is more than anything driven by our own execution. So although many of those things that you mentioned were important in Q1, I think our own execution was most important thing. That's why Barbara called it out in her comments. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Matthew, on the first piece, again, I would see the external environment is one of the number of things that affects our performance. If consumer spending goes down and that leads to a more promotional competitive environment, then that's generally not good. But having said that, we showed in the past that we can perform well in a tough -- even in a tough economic environment. And again, in Q1, we performed at the high end, but we feel like we should have done better but for the execution issues that Barbara described. So we remain cautious as we were when we came into the year in terms of the rest of the year, and that's -- again, it's factored into our guidance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Bob, we feel pretty good about our guidance with respect to the impact of wages this year. Obviously, as you'd expect, we're looking at the longer term as well, and we're working on our various plans to sort of deal with wage pressures over a longer period of time. And more to come on that in the future, but for this year, we feel very comfortable. 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. I can't really think about a period in history that, that would be analogous. So what I would say is many of the things that you just said, Michael, are things that frankly people say at the beginning of the every year in terms of here's why supply is going to tighten up. And certainly, we haven't seen any sign of that so far this year, and so we're not expecting to see a major reduction in supply opportunities either for the remainder of this year and maybe it's too early to tell for 2017, but at least no signs of that at this point. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Omar. Yes, we periodically look at various programs like loyalty program, credit card, et cetera, and it's something we'll continue to look at. But our experience, and what's worked for us, I would say, over many years is to keep it simple and to focus on having the right assortment and great values. And at least all of our customer research tell us more than anything else. That's what the off-price customer cares about, and that's what's going to drive our loyalty over time, quite apart from any sort of loyalty program on the side. It's really all about the right assortment and great values. And if I just think about the most recent quarter, it's clear that in Q1, we didn't miss opportunities because we didn't have a loyalty program. If we missed opportunities that was because we may have had some assortment misses. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. It's hard for us to say. I would say that what we typically try and do in our business is focus on what we can control. And -- so it's not very helpful for us to sort of dwell on external things that we can't really do anything about. What we think we can do something about and what we could have done something about in Q1 is sort of making sure that we execute as well as possible, and that's really the focus rather than any external issues. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on the Midwest, Roxanne, yes, as you say, we're very happy with how the Midwest has performed, not just in Q1, but over the last couple of years. It's been one of our top-performing regions. When we entered the Midwest in 2011, we said it would be a very successful business, but it would take time. And we're certainly very pleased with the progress so far. I think it's about having the right values in front of the customer. So we're very pleased with how we've done in the Midwest. 
Michael O'Sullivan: We were able to in the first quarter. So in the first quarter, we hit the high end of our comp guidance of 2% despite the issues that Barbara has described on the ladies' side probably because there were other businesses that did very well. So if you play that out over the year, we feel good about our original guidance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And also, I mean, there are some other factors and we were up against very strong prior year comparisons, which I think you always have to look at that when you're comparing our performance with other retailers. And then you also factor in the point Barbara has been making about the ladies' apparel business being a pretty important business and a pretty key driver of traffic. You take those two things together. I think that explains why our traffic has held off a little bit in the first quarter. 
Michael O'Sullivan: No. We can't. Our business doesn't lend itself to that kind of sort of -- it would be quite interesting, but our business doesn't lend itself that kind of scientific approach. When we met a traffic just to be clear, we are measuring number of transactions. So we're not looking at actual visits. We don't have the capability to track actual visits, we're looking at number of transactions and we use that as a proxy for traffic, but it's an imperfect proxy. 
