Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Hartshorn, Group President, Chief Operating Officer; and Connie Kao, Group Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.   As noted in today's press release, we are pleased that both second quarter sales and earnings substantially exceeded our expectations. Sales benefited from customers' positive response to our broad assortment of great bargains. In addition, our results were bolstered by a number of external factors, including ongoing government stimulus, increasing vaccination rates and diminishing COVID restrictions.   Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended July 31, 2021, grew 22% and to $1.39 on net income of $494 million. This compares to $1.14 per share on net earnings of $413 million for the 13 weeks ended August 3, 2019. Total sales for the quarter rose 21% to $4.8 billion with comparable store sales up a robust 15%.   For the first 6 months, earnings per share were $2.73, on net earnings of $971 million, up from  $2.29 per share on net income of $834 million for the same period in 2019. Sales for the first half of 2021 rose 20% to $9.3 billion with comparable store sales up 14%. For the second quarter, Ross' sales trends across merchandise areas and regions were fairly broad-based with children's and the Midwest performing the best. Additionally, dd's DISCOUNTS trends remained robust during the period as both sales and operating profit gains significantly exceeded our expectations.   At quarter end, total consolidated inventories were down 5%, while average selling store inventories were up 3% versus 2019. Packaway levels ended at 30% of the total compared to 43% for the same period in 2019 as we use a substantial amount of packaway merchandise to support ahead-of-planned sales. In addition, there were receipt delays due to supply chain congestion.   Turning to store growth. We now expect to open approximately 65 total locations this year, comprised of about 45 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 stores. As mentioned in last quarter's call, in 2022, we expect to return to our normal annual opening program of approximately 100 new stores.   Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further details on our second quarter results, third quarter guidance and updated outlook for the year. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. While we're pleased by the better-than-expected results we reported today, as Michael noted, there's a high level of uncertainty on a number of external factors and how they may affect our business over the balance of the year. That said, we believe we are well positioned as a value retailer and remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver great branded bargains.  Moving forward, we remain optimistic about our prospects for continued growth in both sales and profitability over the longer term, especially given consumers' increasing focus on value and convenience. Moreover, the significant number of retail closures and bankruptcies in recent years further enhances our ability to gain additional market share in the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, listen, obviously, the supply chain congestion is causing all kinds of receipt delays right now, and we expect those actually to worsen as the year goes on. So at some point in time, those goods will back up, and we will see those as potentially an opportunity, either for packaway or to flow, depending upon business or what the types of products are. So at this moment, you would think that, that would happen probably either late in the year or the beginning of next year, if I had to pick a time frame. 
Barbara Rentler: And home versus apparel, home continues to be one of our top-performing merchandise areas similar to trends that we've seen throughout the entire pandemic. Apparel, however, continue to accelerate from Q1 to Q2. So I think what we're seeing in apparel is pre-COVID, there was already a shift towards casual wear and then active wear. And what's happening now is that more traditional sportswear classifications have also improved. So that's starting to make -- to build the sales from one quarter to the other. 
Barbara Rentler: Look, overall, there's plenty of supply. It's not consistent, to your point, across merchandise departments. But in reality, what's happening is that merchandise deliveries are sliding. So it could slide 2 weeks, 30 days, they're sliding. And so what the merchants are really doing is they are constantly flexing based off of what they're seeing in the market, the availability. And they're chasing into classifications that they need. So it's a little bit of a moving target. But overall, there's plenty of supply. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. In terms of pricing, Kimberly, we still strongly believe that price value is critical to our customers. So as you know, we, over the years, talked about how the merchants comp shop regularly. And really, they really understand that our target shopper is really price-savvy. So she's not getting the best deal out there, she knows it. The higher prices at traditional retailers could increase the pricing gap that we offer and strengthen the values that we provide to our shoppers. And quite frankly, the merchants are constantly making those price value assessments of their assortments all the time. They're prioritizing, as we'll always prioritize, really having sharply priced assortments for our entire store. So at this point, I wouldn't talk anything more about it for competitive reasons. But the one comment that I would say is we won't be the leader in terms of raising prices. The merchants will do their job and they'll assess it and they'll price it the way they see it. 
Barbara Rentler: So Matt, the back-to-school trends. Look, we're -- we've been pleased with our younger businesses' performances for a while. And so that obviously bodes well for back to school. In terms of classifications, I would say the customer is still buying wear now but has started to make that conversion to go forward in a more traditional back-to-school fashion that we might have seen from a product perspective in, let's say, 2019. But we feel good about those businesses because, obviously, our younger businesses are doing well. Therefore, back-to-school, we feel pretty good about. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think we all know the supply chain problems and it's backed up and all the issues with COVID overseas, which kind of made all of the -- not all, but a large majority of goods coming out of China slide. I think the issues are real, and I think they'll continue for a while. And so what we have to do is really make sure that we're paying attention to what it is and that the merchants are adjusting and flexing based off of what they're seeing and what's happening around them. I mean, the majority of our business is closeout.  So a lot of these things are a timing issue of how goods will slide, what goods might be late that might be available for us to buy in season. It's kind of like a moving target. I think the challenge as you go into Q1 is that Chinese New Year is a couple of weeks earlier. So those 2 things are going to slide, I think, a little bit in terms of deliveries and the kind of goods that have to get out of China in particular. So I think the answer is we're going to watch it. We're going to adjust as we go. And we're in a flexible business model. So as long as we can offer a treasure hunt and a broad assortment, that's what we're going to do. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. As we previously stated, comparable store sales increased 15% in the quarter, mainly driven by a larger average basket with traffic up slightly versus 2019. Operating margin was well above plan and up versus 2019 at 14.1%. Cost of goods sold decreased by 45 basis points in the quarter. Merchandise margin and occupancy improved by 80 basis points each, while buying costs declined by 10 basis points. Partially offsetting these items were higher distribution expenses which grew 40 basis points, primarily from wage increases, while worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion drove higher freight costs of 85 basis points.   SG&A for the period rose 5 basis points as leverage from strong sales gains was offset by COVID expenses and higher incentives given our better-than-expected second quarter results. Total net COVID-related expenses for the period were approximately 45 basis points, the vast majority of which impacted SG&A.   During the quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $176 million.  We remain on track to buy back a total of $650 million in stock for the year. Now let's discuss our third quarter guidance. As a reminder, our projections compare to the same period in 2019.  Looking ahead, there remains much uncertainty on the sustainability of the positive external factors that benefited our first half results as well as the potential risk we could face from the spread of COVID variants and worsening industry-wide supply chain congestion. As a result, we are forecasting comparable store sales to be up 5% to 7% for the third quarter, with earnings per share projected to be in the range of $0.61 to $0.69.  The operating statement assumptions that support our third quarter guidance include the following. Total sales are projected to grow 9% to 12%. We expect operating margins to be 7.3% to 7.9%. This forecast reflects significant escalation of freight costs as well as higher distribution expenses. In addition, ongoing COVID-related costs are projected to negatively impact EBIT margin by approximately 45 basis points in the period.  We plan to open 28 stores during the third quarter, consisting of 18 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $19 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 24% to 25%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 354 million. Based on our first half results and third quarter guidance, we now project full year comparable store sales gains of 10% to 11% and earnings per share to be in the range of $4.20 to $4.38 compared to $4.60 in 2019.  Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly (sic) [ Lorraine ], it's Michael. On the sales front, the guidance is really based on the high level of uncertainty and risk that could happen in the third and fourth quarter, and it's really based on the risk that the external factors that benefited the first half, how sustainable those are. And then also with the Delta variant and supply chain congestion, what other risks exist. That said, we hope to do better than the guidance as we have year-to-date thus far. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the regional performance, so Texas, Florida, California, they make up about 50% of our sales, what we saw during the quarter. Texas and California were relatively in line with the chain. Florida, which trailed in the first quarter, saw a significant improvement as tourism increased, though still a bit below the chain in the second quarter. And we wouldn't comment on current quarter trends at this point. 
Michael Hartshorn: We didn't give specific guidance. In the second quarter, obviously, DCs were 40 basis points of drag and freight was 85 basis points. So we would expect both the DCs and the freight costs to worsen in the back half. Some of that is driven by the leverage on comp. But we would expect -- we've raised wages further in the DCs, and we're seeing specifically ocean freight costs significantly escalate in the back half. So those expectations for worsening are built into the guidance that we gave. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Matt, on margin, obviously, we have built in what we can see today with our current on order. I think our big opportunity as it was in the second quarter is if we can exceed the sales plans there, there should be a benefit as we turn faster and take lower margins. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. I think that's changed over time. Obviously, if you would have asked me that 2 months ago, it would have been sooner than later. But right now, we have the cleaning aspects built in throughout the rest of the year, which we think is appropriate given the variant spread. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Michael. As you mentioned, obviously, we have transitory costs in the business right now, whether it's COVID. At some point, there will be some equilibrium in the freight world, especially with ocean freight that we expect to be an opportunity going forward. And then I would say the return to 2019 margin levels will be highly dependent on strong sales performance over time. And given we're in a very vibrant sector of retail, there's market share up for grabs with store closures and bankruptcies and the customer who's focused on value and convenience, we feel good about our opportunities. Now that is not to say that we don't have a lot of work going on in the business to find places to be more efficient to offset some of these costs. But I think it's dependent on how long some of this inflation lasts and then certainly on top line growth. 
Michael Hartshorn: I wouldn't comment on next year at this point. In the DCs, the wages that we've made are permanent. And that said, we do have productivity initiatives that we'll build into our budgets and plans for next year. On the freight cost, I'd say, it's hard to say at this point. If I gave you my view at this point, I think some of the ocean and congestion will bleed into the first part of next year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Adrienne, on the components of comp, it was mainly driven by the size of the basket. Traffic was up slightly. And the basket was driven -- AUR was up slightly, but it was basically driven by units per transaction. And that was a consistent trend with comps throughout the quarter. We wouldn't say specifically the sequential trend other than to say it was fairly robust throughout the quarter. May was slightly higher than the other months in terms of absolute comp. 
Michael Hartshorn: In terms of marketing for competitive reasons, we wouldn't provide the details there, Marni. But we have made strategic investments. We made channel shifts, and we have used -- put more money into places like digital versus broadcast. So we have made some shifts during COVID, and we'll continue to find what works best for us going forward. 
Michael Hartshorn: No doubt -- yes, Marni, no doubt about it. We -- when the stores were closed, we obviously took that as an opportunity to not spend when the stores were closed. So it certainly has picked up versus last year. 
Michael Hartshorn: On the EBIT margin in -- between Q2 and Q3, for instance, obviously, the 5% to 7% comp is lower than our year-to-date performance at 15% in the second quarter. So that drives a significant portion of it. And then as I mentioned, ocean freight costs, where we've embedded the assumption that, that will significantly escalate over Q2, and then we expect the higher wages in the DC to drive a bit more deleverage than we had year-to-date. 
Michael Hartshorn: That's not something we provide. The best guidance I can give you at this point is, again, freight was 85 basis points worse in the second quarter, and we've embedded significantly a escalation from that. And then on the DCs, as I mentioned, it was 40 basis points, and we expect additional deleverage because of higher wages. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Dana. On dd's, as we mentioned, dd's continue to have a robust sales trend and like Ross EBIT margin improvement. I'd say relative to Ross, it's been fairly consistent throughout the pandemic. Obviously, the external stimulus has impacted the dd's customer but also helped the Ross customer as well. The one thing they have in common, though, is that, that customer is very focused on value. And they've been attracted to what we've had in the stores. So no changes that I would note in the second quarter.  On inventory levels, as you mentioned, packaway was at 30% of our total inventory. With ahead-of-planned sales, we obviously use some of that inventory to fuel some of the sales growth. It was also impacted by receipts, delayed receipts. So within the inventory number, we have a higher level of in transit than we have had historically. And then the return, we would expect to return to historical levels over time, but that's going to be somewhat dependent on how we perform on the top line and whether we beat the plan and then also what supply chain congestion looks like at the end of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. I would say what we've seen during the pandemic is we've seen a younger customer. Part of that early on in the pandemic was driven by the older customer with restrictions and hesitancy to shop. As we moved along, we've seen in the customers that, that older shopper is actually returning back to the store. So I think we have an opportunity across our customer base to the extent that we can provide them the bargains that they've come to expect. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I would only point to the overall EBIT margin. It's a significant deescalation right now, the 7.3% to 7.9% is [ 450 ] to [ 510 ] versus 2019 of deleverage. So the main drivers out of that are obviously the comp difference between Q2 and Q3. The higher ocean freight is a significant portion of that. And then as I mentioned, the higher distribution expense. I'd say the highest -- the largest single deleverage is coming from ocean freight. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. In the quarter, the really -- the upside versus our original expectations and again versus last year is that we've been able to operate in a -- with inventory very close to need. We've operated with lower inventories in stores. We've been able to chase the business. And that has driven faster turns and lower markdowns. What we've done throughout the pandemic is tried to operate very close to need. And we think that we can do that not only during the pandemic, but post-pandemic which will benefit margins in the future. But that -- the lower markdowns and faster turns was the main driver of the margin improvement in the second quarter. 
Marni Shapiro: Congrats on a great quarter. Could you -- I just want to clarify one thing, Michael, that you said. You said Texas, California and Florida made up what percent of your sales? You guys used to talk about this in the past. I just want to clarify the number that I heard. 
Marni Shapiro: That's what I thought. Can we talk just a little bit about marketing? I know it's not a big ambitious push for you guys like it is for other retailers. So I'm curious just through COVID coming into this year, where was your marketing spend? Has it ticked up through this year as the stores have all now, for the most part, been open? And have you been spending against that? Or has demand been so strong that you haven't ticked up the marketing? And how should we think about it in the back half of the year? If you could just talk a little bit about that. 
Marni Shapiro: Has it picked up now that the stores are open compared to a year ago when, say, the first half of the year for sure, stores were... 
