Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Group Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Vice President, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with the review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second half and fiscal year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with the above-plan sales and earnings growth for the second quarter. Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2018, were $1.04, up from $0.82 for the 13 weeks ended July 29, 2017. Net earnings were $389 million, up from $317 million in the prior year. The second quarter earnings results, including $0.18 first year benefit from tax reform legislation. Total sales for the second quarter increased 9% to $3.7 billion. Comparable store sales for the 13 weeks ended August 4, 2018, rose 5% over the 13-week period ended August 5, 2017. This growth was on top of a same-store sales gain of 4% for the 13 weeks ended July 29, 2017. For the second quarter, we saw broad-based strength across merchandise categories and geographic markets. So better-than-expected operating margin of 13.8% was down from last year as higher merchandise gross margins and leverage on occupancy and buying costs were more than offset by a combination of unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses, higher freight costs and this year's wage investments. For the first 6 months of fiscal 2018, earnings per share were $2.15, up from $1.64 last year. Net earnings were $808 million, up from $638 million in first half of 2017. The year-to-date earnings results included $0.35 first year benefit from tax reform legislation. Sales year-to-date rose 9% to $7.3 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% versus a 4% gain for the 26 weeks ended July 29, 2017. As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 6% over the prior year. Average in-store inventories were up 4% due in part to the 53rd-week calendar shift, while packaway, as a percentage of total inventories, was 44% compared to 46% last year. Dd's DISCOUNTS also posted another quarter of strong sales growth, leading to solid growth in operating profits year-to-date. Turning to our store expansion program remain on schedule with the opening of 22 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS locations in the second quarter. We also continue to project adding a total of approximately 100 locations in 2018, comprised of 75 Ross and 25 dd's DISCOUNTS. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores. In addition, as noted in today's press release, we are raising our long-term projected store potential to 3,000 locations, up from the previous target of 2,500. This is based on our research that indicates we can further increase penetration in both existing and new markets. And as a result of a number of factors that include increases in population densities and new enlarged trade areas from suburban growth. As a result, we now believe that Ross Dress for Less can grow to about 2,400 locations across the country, up from our prior target of 2,000, and that dd's DISCOUNTS can ultimately become a chain of about 600 stores versus our previous projection of 500 units. This higher store potential provides us with considerable long-term growth opportunities. Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second-half guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. To sum up, as I mentioned earlier, our results for both the second quarter and first half of 2018 continued to exceed expectations. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, we hope to once again outperform our projections as we have for some time now. However, we face stronger prior year comparisons over the next 6 months in the retail landscape, both brick-and-mortar and online, that will likely remain very competitive. That said, our confidence in the strength of the off-price sector and our proven ability to perform well in this space continues to fuel our optimism about the future.  Finally, we are very excited about our updated longer-term growth prospects. Our new target of 3,000 store locations offers us potential 80% increase over our current base. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure, Brian. From a category performance, as I said in the notes, our performance was really -- was broad-based in the second quarter. Obviously, from the first quarter to second quarter, apparel clearly improved. But that's really at this point how I see the back half, I don't see it as one specific big opportunity. I see it as more broad-based. And obviously when you get to the fourth quarter, there will be more emphasis on gift giving. But even within gift giving, we see that within every business in the box. So we don't have it focused in one specific category. 
Barbara Rentler: And Kimberly, in terms of dd's profitability, all I would say about that is that it's similar to Ross' total profitability. 
Barbara Rentler: No. There is a lot of supply in the market. It's still plentiful. And I think it is broad. The packaway number really fluctuated base off of what we see, plus we fueled a lot of Q2, but there is a lot of availability, and it's really the merchant's decision to decide what to packaway, how much to packaway and went to packaway. So I would say, we're in our regular process. But again, there's a lot of -- there's no change in availability in the marketplace. 
Barbara Rentler: So the environment is still competitive, and we are thinking that it's going to remain competitive in the back half between online and in-store brick-and-mortar. And we are up against in terms of how we're feeling about the back half, but we are up against very strong multiyear comparison. So when we put those -- the multiyear comparisons and competitive environment together, that's how we came up with the guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: Sure. Yes, we think we do well with the younger demographic, and we feel we'll do well with millennials. In terms of brand mix, I would say that, that customer is a little bit -- not quite as married to certain brands and is more open to trying different types of brands. With that being said, the very strong brands are still -- very strong department store brand is still important to them. It's just that I think that they are a little bit more open to trying other brands and, in some cases, label, that perhaps are young on the curve that eventually would become bigger brands, would be my guess. But they are not quite as traditional. But the big brands are still the big brands. 
Barbara Rentler: Closeouts are basically the bulk of our assortments. The makeup portion of our business sits primarily in a couple of businesses where it's unbranded such as home. But again, the bulk of our assortment really comes from closeouts, and we don't see any availability issues in the near term. So we don't really see a mix changing. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. I missed about beauty. Obviously, we feel that beauty is an opportunity as a lot of the business has shifted out of department store. So we think there is a lot of potential there. And from real major growth, I think that's probably the biggest one. After that, I feel like that most of our growth, I know it sounds like it's always broad-based, but it is broad-based. Beauty happens to be, I think, a trend shift in the market. So we do feel good about that. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our second quarter results. Our 5% comparable store sales gain was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the average basket. While second quarter operating margin of 13.8% was down 110 basis points from last year, it was better than forecast. Cost of goods sold increased 80 basis points in the period. Merchandise margin increased 15 basis points, while occupancy and buying costs levered by 15 and 5 basis points, respectively. These gains were more than offset by an 85 basis point increase in distribution expenses from the unfavorable timing of packaway-related costs and a 30 basis point increase in freight costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter also rose 30 basis points due to higher wage cost and the anniversarying of a 20 basis point benefit in the second quarter of 2017 from a legal matter. During the second quarter and first 6 months of fiscal 2018, we repurchased 3.2 million and 6.5 million shares, respectively, of common stock for a total purchase price of $273 million and $529 million, respectively. We remain on track to buy back a total of $1.075 billion in stock for the year. Let's turn now to our second half guidance. Given our robust multiyear sales comparisons in the third and fourth quarters, we continue to forecast same-store sales for both periods to grow by 1% to 2%. If sales perform in line with this guidance, earnings per share for the 13 weeks ending November 3, 2018, are forecasted to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.88, up from $0.72 a year ago. For the 13 weeks ending February 2, 2019, earnings per share are projected to be $1.02 to $1.07 compared to $1.19 in last year's fourth quarter, which included a per share benefit of $0.14 from a onetime revaluation of deferred taxes and $0.10 from the 53rd week in 2017. Now I'll provide operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS guidance. Total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6%. We expect to open 40 new stores during the period, including 30 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. Operating margin is projected to be in the range of 11.9% to 12.1% compared to last year's 13.3%. This forecasted decline reflects our expectation for ongoing pressure this year from higher freight and wage investments as well as some deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses if comparable store sales only perform in line with guidance. We expect net interest income of about $2 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23% to 24% and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be about 372 million. At the end of the quarter, we expect in-store inventory levels to be up versus the prior year, as Thanksgiving is a week earlier this year due to the 53rd-week calendar shift. Based on our first half results and second half guidance of 1% to 2% same-store sales increase, we now project per share -- earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 2, 2019, to be in the range of $4.01 to $4.10 compared to $3.55 for the 53 weeks ended February 3, 2018. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matt, it's, Michael Hartshorn. On freight costs, obviously there are a number of factors that are contributing to the increase, including higher diesel prices. We were at a 3-year high, up 20% in the second quarter, trucker and driver shortage, and increased industry regulation enforcement tracking drivers. Built into the back half guidance, our freight pressure is similar or slightly above what we saw in the first half of the year. And then, on wage pressures, we wouldn't comment on 2019. We'll comment on that at the end of the year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Brian, specifically on inventory and margins. First of all, the inventory increases you're seeing this year are a function of the 53rd-week calendar shift. So in this quarter what happens is it drives back to school earlier which means we drive earlier receipts to match the sales, which is the same that happens at the end of Q3 with the Thanksgiving holiday, which is closer to quarter end. In terms of the margin improvement, it was driven by a combination of better buying and above-plan sales that resulted in lower markdowns for the quarter. That will continue to be our biggest opportunity when it comes to merchant margin. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. So we -- our packaway accounting is we capitalize cost to procure store and process packaway merchandise, and that includes fixed cost. What happened in the first quarter is packaway levels were up, so we got a credit to the P&L. In the second quarter, that completely reversed and the DC 85 basis point deleverage was all driven by the packaway timing. You'll notice from our guidance that we flowed through the $0.05 above the high end of the guidance through to the year so -- versus our guidance there is no impact in the back half. 
Michael Hartshorn: Kimberly, on inventories, inventories would have been up just slightly. The 4% increase was actually planned in the year to focus on that calendar shift and to impact the earlier back to school with that calendar shift. So without the calendar shift, we would have been up slightly. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So on the components, as we mentioned in our remarks, the 5% comp was driven by higher traffic and larger basket. The higher basket was entirely driven by units per transaction. AUR for us was flat compared to last year. In terms of merchandise performance, as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, sales growth was broad-based across merchandise categories, apparel and nonapparel were relatively similar for the quarter. In terms of regional performance and weather, weather, no impact for the quarter versus last year. The -- geographically, sales were strong throughout the country. Of our major markets, Texas and Florida, were above the chain average. California was relatively in line. And then our Midwest, our newer market, continued to do well with comp sales in line with the chain average against very strong growth over the last several years. 
Michael Hartshorn: And then Paul, on urban versus suburban. I mean, we wouldn't break out that detail. I will say, what we track is how it trends from quarter-to-quarter, and we do not see a change in trend coming out of the first quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Paul. Our new store productivity continues to track at or above our real estate performance this year, and it's very similar to the last couple of years, where the average new store is about 60% to 65% of an average Ross store in the chain. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. So on the components, we don't break out the gross margin versus SG&A. But the margin reflects ongoing pressure from freight. As I mentioned, we expect to be at or above the pressure we're seeing year-to-date. It also reflects wage investments. And wage investments, for us, will be heavier in the back half, the impact will be, because we went to $11 an hour in the second quarter and also paid onetime bonuses. The onetime bonuses, obviously, only hit the second quarter. And then we would expect some deleveraging on occupancy and other expenses if comparable store sales perform in line with our guidance. And in terms of DC, packaway is the hardest thing to predict for us because it's highly dependent on how we run in sales and what's available in the marketplace for modeling purposes, I assume that it's relatively flat [ and like that ]. 
Michael Hartshorn: No. The onetime bonuses only hit second quarter. The wages will have a bigger impact as we went to $11 in the second quarter. We also increased our lease benefits that will impact the back half more than the first half. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On AUR, it's completely a function of mix of business. Over the last several years and even the recent trend, it doesn't move a whole lot for us. It's been down slightly to up slightly. So flat for the quarter is our expectation. And going forward, it will be based on the mix of business. 
Michael Hartshorn: Simeon, on the average stores, so we don't disclose the specific on dd's, suffice it to say, it's less -- it's newer concept, a newer chain. For Ross, the average store is about 9 million. So it's south of that based on maturity of the chain. 
Michael Hartshorn: And Dan, it's -- this has always been our playbook. We think it's a prudent plan to plan the business this way. Barbara mentioned that we are up against a very robust multiyear comparisons. We are up against a 7% comp in 2016 and a 4% comp in 2017 in Q3, and then for Q4 we're up against a 4% in 2016 and a 5% in 2017. That said, we hope to do better like we've done in Q1 and Q2 of this year. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Ike. We haven't given specific revenue targets for fourth quarter. We will do that at the end of the third quarter. The one thing I will say, though, is the total revenue is impacted by the restated versus fiscal comparison in the first half that from a total sales standpoint that fiscal comparison helps us by 1 point in the back half. It's off by 1 point. And it's even more pronounced in the fourth quarter. In terms of freight, it's very similar to how we plan the year. It is a slight increase, and we found other offsets in the business to cover that. But we'd expect it to be at or somewhat elevated to what we saw in the second quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On merchandise margin, we guided the year to be flat. We exceeded that in Q1 and Q2 and, frankly, that's based on ahead-of-plan sales. The guidance for the back half assumes that it would be relatively flat. And if we exceed our sales plan, there could be some opportunity. Your second question -- composition of comp. I'd expect it to be very similar. It hasn't changed a whole lot. Traffic has -- traffic and units per transaction have been the key drivers, and that's been true over the last couple of years. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Matthew, it's Michael O'Sullivan. I'd be careful to distinguish between the long-term store potential number, which we released today versus the annual store opening number. The long-term store potential gives us, I guess, sort of a longer growth runway, if you like, over the longer term. But it doesn't change the way we think about the number of new stores per year. The constraints on number of new stores per year include real estate availability and also operational constraints, and they really haven't changed. So from a planning perspective, I think you should assume that we'll continue at a rate of about 100 new store openings per year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Kimberly, on the first part of your question, the modeling, our real estate team -- our internal real estate team has a model and fairly well-tested and proven model that they use to analyze and assess individual store locations -- individual new store locations. They update that model based upon changes in our actual store productivity and experience, and also based upon external demographic trends. Periodically, we use that model to roll up and estimate our longer-term store potential, and it's been a little while since we did that, so that's what really driven these updated estimates. The other point I would make is, these estimates that were provided in today's release represent a rollout, looking at opportunities in existing and new markets. I would say, the demographic trends that are driving higher estimates are fairly strong and well documented. I think given our customer base, you won't be surprised that the demographic trends are favorable to our business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Paul, on the mix of existing versus new markets, if we would expect that we will continue -- the existing markets will continue to be the dominant share of new store openings for several years, beyond that, we wouldn't really comment about the timing of specific new market openings at this point. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Bob, I would say that, like most of our peer retailers -- store closures of other retailers are nice tailwind. But in any given year, they don't really have a material impact on our comp performance. And in terms of how we think about new store openings. No, I don't think the store closures have really changed how we think about or where we think about putting new store openings. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In the first half and the second quarter, dd's continued to perform very well in terms of sales, above plan. And then actually -- you didn't ask this, but on margins, dd's sort of similar trend to Ross in terms of the packaway credit and the impact on margins in second quarter. But overall for the year, I'm pretty happy with dd's from a sales and a profitability point of view. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure, Simeon. In terms of International, no. This was a piece of analysis focused just on the United States. We have 1,600 stores at this point, and we're saying the long-term potential is 3,000. So obviously, a lot of growth there. So very focused on the United States. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Marni, no -- nothing to call out there in terms of different types of locations. The analysis was really based upon looking at the types of locations we already have, but how the demographic trends are increasing the number of those opportunities. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Laura, yes, it contemplates expansion nationally across the United States. As a reminder, right now, we're in 38 states. And this would assume that we are -- that we expand nationally. In terms of timing of when we would enter new markets, we wouldn't comment on that for competitive reasons. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Dana, in terms of distribution capacity, we don't expect to need another major DC for another few years and then beyond that. Obviously, longer term, we would need additional capacity as we open up additional stores. Last part of your question was about the pace of new store openings. No, I would not anticipate that the pace of new store openings will change. Over the last few years, we've opened approximately 100 new stores per year. I would expect that it will stay around about that number. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So on CapEx, this year, we're forecasting around $475 million. Over the next couple of years, we'll be starting construction on new distribution center capacity. And with that construction, the capital will edge up a bit. 
