John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 7% comparable store sales gain in the second quarter was driven by mid-single-digit growth in the number of transactions, combined with a low single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. Operating margin grew by about 110 basis points in the quarter to 12.8%. The 80-basis point improvement in gross margin was driven by a 65-basis point increase in merchandise margin, which includes 10 basis points from a lower shrink accrual and lower distribution and occupancy costs, which contributed about 50 and 25 basis points, respectively. These favorable trends more than offset 55 basis points of higher buying costs due in part to one-time severance-related expenses and modestly higher freight costs. Leverage on the robust 7% comparable store sales gain drove a 30-basis point reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses, primarily due to a lower store cost as a percent of sales. During the second quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares for a total purchase price of $113 million. We remain on track to buy back a total of $450 million in common stock during fiscal 2012 to complete the 2-year $900 million program authorized in early 2011. Let's turn now to our guidance for the back half of the year. For the 13 weeks ending October 27, 2012, we are targeting total sales to grow about 8% to 9%, driven by a combination of new store growth and same-store sales that are forecast to be up 3% to 4%. Comparable store sales are forecast to increase 4% to 5% in August, 2% to 3% in September and 3% to 4% in October. This compares to last year when they rose 4% in August and 5% in both September and October. As Michael mentioned, we plan to open 31 net new stores during the period, including 25 Ross Dress for Less and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS. Third quarter earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of $0.63 to $0.66 compared to $0.63 in the prior year. Last year's third quarter benefited from much better-than-expected shortage results and a lower tax rate due to favorable tax audit settlements. Together, these items increased third quarter 2011 EPS by about $0.06 per share. We are targeting operating margin of 10.4% to 10.6% for the 2012 third quarter. As I just mentioned, higher projected shortage this year compared to do very favorable prior year shrink results is expected to more than offset significant leverage on selling, general and administrative expenses and improvement in merchandise gross margins in this year's third quarter. Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 37%, up from 35% in the prior year period. We also estimate weighted-average diluted shares outstanding of about $223 million. For the fourth quarter, we are targeting same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending January 26, 2013, to increase 1% to 2% on top of strong 7% gain last year. For the 14 weeks ending February 2, 2013, we are targeting earnings per share to be in the range of $0.99 to $1.04, up from last year's $0.85. Without the estimated per-share benefit of about $0.89 from the 53rd week, fourth quarter EPS is projected to grow about 6% to 12%.  Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
John Call: Well, we think at home, in the more recent period, we've had some execution issues, and we think we're in the process of cleaning all that up. And we would expect home to be back on track based on that. 
John Call: I think -- oh, no. It's an initiative that's ongoing. It's -- you'd expect -- we'd expect to see some improvement in Q4 and more so as we move into the spring. 
John Call: So as far as CapEx goes this year, we've updated our view around that. We think we'll spend between $465 million and $475 million. Principally, the increases there are related to distribution centers that we're building. That will continue into 2013. And then after that, it will abate back to more historical level. 
John Call: Sure. As far as the transaction trends in the second quarter, the number of transactions as we mentioned was up mid-single-digit rates, so the driver of the comp was the transaction volume. We did see a little single-digit increase in the size of the average basket. But as of seen over the last several years, it's been traffic that has really driven the comp. And last year, we had a similar levels of kind of mid-single-digit increase in traffic, and that's been a recurring thing. As far as shrink is concerned -- so we have no doubt any benefit into positive shrink results above and beyond our approval this year. I'll remind you that over the past probably 2 or 3 years, the results have benefited the third quarter by probably $0.04 to $0.055 over a 3-year period. We don't think it's prudent to expect that again and continue to expect that because we're at historically low levels, and we think it's just prudent not to dial that in. And I don't think it's realistic that we'll receive the 4% to 5% benefit. Having said that, as Gary mentioned, we're still very bullish on our shrink work. We continue to invest on those initiatives, but we're down to a level of where we have already picked the high-hanging fruit. 
John Call: Yes. So in the third quarter, the thing will continue for the year, which is the lower inventory levels have increased turn, which have reduced our markdown levels. And that should continue into the third and the fourth quarters, as we anticipate inventories will be down in the mid-singles. And as far as the kind of one-time severance piece, it was worth about 20 bps. 
John Call: Sure. We had -- we did have at a kind of a gross level the distribution centers did perform better on higher volumes, so we did have some leverage there. There's also a piece of packaway timing embedded in that 50 basis points of improvement in distribution. 
John Call: Yes. We -- I guess a couple of full-term response to that, Omar. First of all, with an 8% comp store sales growth in the first half of the year, it's clear that we're growing customers from somewhere. We -- next, that's been true for the last few years. Our comp sales has been very strong, so we're taking share of the apparel market. We do a lot of research where our customers are coming from, and we've gained a lot of new customers over the last few years. And what the research tells us is that there are number of factors, and there are a number of places that our customers come from. So partly, it's dislocation into the spot department store channel but also the general economy and perhaps, most importantly, the #1 thing of course is customers that comes to Ross and do business with us is that we're offering them great deals. So it's a combination of all those factors. But the most important one is that we're offering them a bargain. 
John Call: Relative to cost and impact on our business, we price our merchandise off of branded product that's in department stores. So we watch how they -- we'll be watching how they price their product and we have been watching. And we'll be pricing accordingly to keep a proper distance from their retails -- our retails. And the cost for us is really a function of the existing supply lines in the market, okay, regardless of what they're paying for product. 
John Call: And in terms of seeing product as it relates to specifically one retailer, I would say the mid-tiers has struggled a little more in total. And although we don't often know exactly where the product is coming from as then to sell it to us, our suspicion is that we're getting products from a few of the key mid-tier players. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. As noted in today's press release, we are raising our 2012 guidance with earnings per share for the 53 weeks ending February 2, 2013, now forecast to be in the range of $3.36 to $3.44, including the previously mentioned $0.08 to $0.09 benefit from the extra week. This compares to our prior guidance of $3.26 to $3.37 and represents projected earnings per share growth of 14% to 17% on a 52-week basis over earnings per share of $2.86 in fiscal 2011. Looking ahead, we recognize that there are still a number of headwinds in today's macroeconomic and retail environment that could have a negative impact on consumer spending. As a result, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to plan our business conservatively. That said, we remain very liquid in our open-to-buy, and our merchants continue to find plenty of competitively priced, name-brand fashions for the family and the home. In addition, we are very well positioned as a value retailer in the current climate. By efficiently executing our authorized business model, we believe we can continue to benefit from consumers' ongoing preference for bargains. To accomplish that, we plan to stay focused on the same strategy that have driven our successful growth over the past several years, namely offering our customers fresh and exciting assortments of compelling name-brand merchandise, while strictly controlling both inventories and expenses.  At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Brian, on the first piece of that, the new markets. We -- as you know, we opened 14 stores in new markets in October of last year. So still very, very early to get any kind of read. But what I would say is that the early signs have been very positive. Customer reception and the customer feedback we've gotten have been very good. And that kind of reinforced our belief that we're going to be very successful in those markets long term. Any major learnings? I think that's the question you already asked. Nothing major. I think we've made some tweaks along the way, some minor improvements here and there, to assortments and to operations but nothing major. So overall, we feel very good about the new markets. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. The only thing I'll add to that is that we are pleased with the dd's store contribution levels, which pretty much mimicked those at Ross Stores [indiscernible]. 
Michael Balmuth: So for August, we're guiding 4 to 5, which we're guiding that the highest month of the quarter. It's up against a lower comp. Other than that, I think I'll remain silent on it in that we don't comment on in a month so. 
Michael Balmuth: We hope to do better, okay? And we think it's better to run our business in a very conservative model. And it's worked well for us, doing that for a number of years. And we'll continue to do that. 
Michael Balmuth: Dan, in terms of the composition of comps among both companies, very similar traffics driving both of those increases, and we haven't seen a large disparity among the 2. 
Michael Balmuth: We actually feel very good about the quality of brands in our packaway, and that's the reason why the number has been climbing. Our Junior business is not a big participant in the packaway business. It's a much more trendy business and it happens. There's really one classification, in particular, where we might pack away a little more. But for the most part, in Juniors, it's a buy-and-sell business. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. So our drop-through rates around 25% for incremental sales above plan, and that's about what we're running. 
Michael Balmuth: It's about the operating margin. That's -- on an annual basis, 1-point comp was probably worth about $0.06 to $0.07. 
Michael Balmuth: I'd say we hope so. We're optimistic about that. It's not only lower levels of inventory but the programs that we put in place, and we keep investing in that area of the business. 
Michael Balmuth: Sure, David. I think that's right. There's always timing issues between quarters. We did have some pretty good leverage in G&A. But we did take our bonus accrual up in the quarter as well. So I'd say good leverage. There's some timing issues in there. But overall, we're pretty pleased with the result. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Rick, it's a function of a sliding, what we consider, terrific bargains -- branded bargains, okay? And thinking about our packaway levels going forward, it's going to be a function of what we find, okay? If it continues to be a very good buyers market, it would ramp. But that remains to be seen. So far, we've been seeing some very good buying. Buying opportunities out there are very good. And the gross margin on it, the gross margin on it is favorable. But you match up gross margin to the parent business that it comes from. So better product has obviously lower margin than moderate products. But the packaway product of each is higher than if we were buying goods regularly on close-ups. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Rick, there's pretty no change in our marketing strategy in the back half. Our marketing spending will be in line with last year as a percentage of sales. And our marketing mix in terms of TVs and other channels will be comparable to last year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Let me take that question in 2 parts. First of all, in terms of the regions, our sales performance have been pretty broad based. I know Michael mentioned in his remarks that Florida has been the strongest. But actually, we've been strong across all regions. SO there haven't been any weak regions in our chain. In terms of any special targeting, any special marketing, no really. I mean, our style in our strategy has always been to use marketing as a way to remind the customer to keep coming to Ross. So the real perk is the bargain that they find in the store. So our focus is really to make sure that we have great merchandise, great bargains, and that's what keeps the customer coming back. Marketing is just to remind them of that. We're not trying any gimmicks with our marketing program. We're not doing anything different. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, overall, David, you're right. dd's continued to perform well for the second quarter. And actually for the first half of the year, it beat itself in margins plans. And over the last few years, it's benefited from the same approach that we've taken at Ross in terms of reducing our inventory levels, which has improved the freshness of the product, which has driven sales and has also sped up terms, which have improved the margins. So we're pretty happy with the -- with dd's performance. I think we've mentioned, earlier in the year, we expect that dd's should be accretive to earnings, not really material. I mean, it's still a relatively small part of our overall business, but it's on track to be pretty accretive to earnings this year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Okay. I would say we had a very well-developed buying organization that we grow close to 10% a year. We -- that's our plan -- our medium-range plan. We have a very aggressive program developing our own. And certainly, the talent availability outside of our company, to your question, with what's going on in the retail industry over the last few years, there's some potential talent out there, too. But we prefer to grow our own when we can. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Evren,, we rolled out micro-merchandising perhaps 2 years ago. It is -- it has actually been several years in development, so we spent a lot of time thinking about it before we put it in place and designing it. But it's really been in place for about 2 years across the chain. And we think it's helped our business in terms of making sure that we have the right product going to the right stores at the right time. And it's been a major contributor to us being able to continue to cut our inventory levels, which in turn has improved freshness of the merchandise and help to drive turns. In terms of big surprises, I don't think there's been any. I think it's kind of done what we expect it to. Each store now has a much more customize assortment based upon the micro-merchandising planning and trending that we've done but the best kind of what we intend it to do. So no big surprises to report. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And around conversion, both Ross and dd's have pretty help the conversion rates. Typically, what we find is when a customer visits a Ross store or when a customer visits a dd's, more often than not, they are going to find something that they like. So the conversion rates are pretty high at both chains. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Ross, handling the customer question. Yes. We've certainly done research on the new customers that we've attracted. And by and large, the demog -- they're growing from the same demographic groups as our existing customer base. You've mentioned younger customers. We've always done particularly well with younger customers. I think that's a combination of they're attracted to the great values that we offer and the assortment that we offer. And we see that -- again, in our research on new customers, we see that continuing that we do particularly well with younger customers. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of the sales impact, Daniel, 95% of our stores are within 10 miles of a J.C. Penney. And we've sliced and diced stores based upon proximity. And we don't see a pattern. So analytically, what I can tell you is, we don't see that stores near J.C. Penneys are comping better than stores that are farther away. All the stores, whether they're near or far from J.C. Penney, are doing well. With that said, I'll go back to the point we talked about earlier. With an 8% comp in the first half, it's clear that we're taking share from somewhere, and customers are coming from somewhere. But I think our conclusion is that they're coming from a lot of different places. This is only one factor. There are many other factors driving our comp performance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Well, we -- our customers are pretty -- have a pretty broad set of demographics to begin with. We -- our existing customers are drawn from different income groups, different age groups, entities and so forth. And so, no, we haven't seen any major change in that -- in that profile, in that demographic breakup. 
Michael O'Sullivan: We -- that's something we look at all the time in terms of [indiscernible] availability and new markets to move into. Right now, our focus is on the new markets we've moved into, such as Chicago and building our scale in those markets. I'd rather not comment in terms of the next markets that we would go to after that. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Well, I can't -- a couple of things. One thing for sure is that the approach that we took at Ross, historically, was a very targeted approach, where we pick one market and we move to another market and we move to another market, rather than sort of a shotgun, sort of scattergun kind of approach. We've always tried to be much more focused to build scale in the markets that we're in before we move on. And I think you can certainly expect the same thing in terms of dd's. 
Michael O'Sullivan: On your first question about other country that's nationally, no, not right now. Our priority right now is to make good news within the United States. We're only in just around about 30 states. So until we've expanded into a greater number of states within the U.S., I don't think we're really going to look internationally. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dana, on the first thing, markets. We've put a lot of work into preparing for our entry into new markets, and we certainly went back and looked at what we've learned from previous new markets that we entered. And I think there are a number of things that we were able to incorporate into our entry into the Chicago market last year. Those things included just how we factored out setting up an operating team, how we think about marketing. Obviously, we've talked a lot in the past about micro-merchandising and making sure we have better tools to come up with the right assortments as we enter new markets. So I think there are whole host of things that went into preparing for the new market entry. On the second part of your question, new customers versus existing customers. We know that -- from our own research, we do know that our comp growth has been driven by a combination of new customers and existing customers spending more or coming to the store more often. So it's really a combination of both of those. 
