Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are very pleased with our above-planned performance for the second quarter and first half of 2011. Looking ahead, however, there are a number of unknowns that could impact our business. In addition to the increased uncertainty in the markets and economy, we also don't know how higher sourcing costs will impact us or how customers might react to expected price increases throughout all of retail. We also can't predict how promotional traditional retailers could become in the back half of the year. All of this makes it much more challenging to forecast business trends for the important back-to-school and holiday periods. As a result, although we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain our second half sales and earnings targets. That said, history has shown that our flexible business model will help us navigate today's uncertain environment better than most other retailers. We plan to stay focused on the same tactics that have been so successful for us over the past few years. In other words, offering compelling name-brand bargains while operating our stores with lower inventories and turning our merchandise faster. In addition, we are extremely liquid in our open-to-buy as we enter the second half of the year, which strengthens our ability to react quickly to opportunities that arise in the marketplace. During the past several years, we have seen customers gravitate more toward value retailers. By focusing on and efficiently executing the right business strategies, we believe we can continue to take advantage of this ongoing shift in consumer spending and leverage our favorable position as one of the country's leading off-price retailers. At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have.
Michael Balmuth: And in terms of cautious, I feel cautious just really primarily about what's going on externally. It's obviously, without my going into it, there is so many things going on. And certainly, the rising prices that we're going to be looking at, are less -- they are less in our home business, really less in footwear and they're more in apparel, so we have to wait and see there. But overall, the big cautiousness that we feel is relative to the overall external environment.
Michael Balmuth: Well, a lot of the product -- we've seen it several months prior as product has been put in front of us in certain places. Some places we bought, some places we haven't. But this was everything we've been reading about between cotton and labor costs coming out of the Far East. And we can see it translating, to some degree, in mainstream retailing in really sporadic spots now. The big receipts for all of retail are really from September forward. So we'll have to wait and see how that plays out.
Michael Balmuth: It enters into the equation but our merchants are very aware of the price dropping in cotton. And so as we buy into packaway and as we bought into packaway in the latter part of spring, we were very aware of that in our -- the price points we were looking for from the market reflected our knowledge of it and that it would be -- prices would be moderating somewhat next spring. So we went in informed.
Michael Balmuth: I actually think we really can't comment on that, all right. It's just -- it's a midmonth comment of -- about -- you're asking me almost to imply -- to comment and we really can't.
Michael Balmuth: I would answer it this way. We don't always know why product is surfacing in the market. In fact, usually, the market doesn't share that with us. But in the last month, there has been an uptick in availability. So I would assume there's been some, some of what you're asking about, but we don't know factually why that product has been surfacing.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. We're -- we have a lot of detailed information on currency and we manage currency in packaway in a very aggressive manner. And what I would say about packaway, to us, it's some of the best bargains in our store. So if we have a downtick in business, okay, packaway is least what I'm worried about, okay. This is -- this product is really terrific name-brand bargains that we are buying, what we believe, and usually, we're -- we've been right more than wrong, by a lot in this, we're usually at the right prices. So we're not worried in that regard, okay? We're very confident in what we have there and we manage it very aggressively.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. The Q4, we have some confidence in Q4 relative to Q3, greater confidence based on some merchandise strategies that we have in place that have been carefully thought out that relate to what customers usually want more in Q4 that they're not looking for in Q3 that's really related to more gift giving. And frankly, there's also a better calendar, with an extra Saturday in Q4 versus last year.
Michael Balmuth: Really, we're sticking to our knitting there, and so far, we're very comfortable with how customers reacted to how we've adjusted. We haven't had to make major adjustments at all, okay. We might be buying a little closer to need there than we had. That's about it.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. That's a lot. Okay. Your first question is prices that I was talking about are -- we've seen across the board, line prices and manufacturers took their product prices up to mainstream retailers, so that would be on any name brand -- virtually any name brand that was cotton-based. I shouldn't say it that way. Many name brands, okay, with cotton-based products took prices up. I think that's not new news. We buy a -- some small part of our business or a portion of our business on an upfront basis. It's not a significant -- it's not our main part of our business. It's not the significant part of what we buy, but we do some of that around. And do we need...
Michael Balmuth: No. Okay. And that we don't have to do. And do we have room, if more packaway opportunities are available to us? We'll find room, okay? We think packaway is a great tool for us in our model, and we're happy if we can find great bargains and we're thrilled our buyers are doing that, so we will find the space.
Michael Balmuth: First, I'll take the dd's versus Ross, we're not seeing a materially different response from our customers.
Michael Balmuth: By the end of Q1 next year, the entire fleet will have -- we're not calling it a remodel, but we're refreshing our sign and refreshing fixtures as well. So by the end of Q1, the entire fleet will be done. We went into it not looking for a return, so to speak, but we are seeing, as we clean, as we brighten up our stores and as we put in new sign, package new fixtures, it provides us with the flexibility that we need to merchandise our product and the customers responded well to what we're doing.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. Non-apparel categories, broad question. I'd say we're happy this year with our results. We were happy last quarter with our results, primarily driven by home and footwear, okay? And accessories, as I called out. So we're very happy with that piece of our business. They keep -- it keeps -- those businesses keep becoming a more important part of our total and having more business like that, that are non-apparel, the customers vote a yes. So we think it's -- we're happy. We're building our investment and building our merchant organization there.
Michael Balmuth: Yes, we are very pleased with finding these bargains and we're very pleased we have them in packaways. But to be talking about further comp acceleration in the current environment, I'm not prepared to do. I would just say this will enhance our ability to do as well as we can in what the environment brings.
Michael Balmuth: Over time, we would look at it, okay? But we wouldn't -- full-line retailers take prices up. They also have a vehicle of POSing it down, so we really have to watch and see how they behave before we respond too rapidly in price increases.
Michael Balmuth: We would ultimately end up in the same value differential, but in the period we were watching this, I would say we won't be up as much.
Michael Balmuth: Okay. It's -- I'd say the biggest difference is the level of availability, okay. Just how much is out there, okay. And I think part of it is -- 2008 is just pretty recent news for everyone. So I think retailer manufacturers just lived through this and they're acting -- they're going to act somewhat quicker than they have in the past. I think everyone's learned their lesson.
Michael Balmuth: I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that. We know department stores' pricing is going up, so tell me what you're looking for.
John Call: Sure, Evren. We capitalize certain processing and buying costs into those packaway balances. As those packaway balances increase, it actually benefits the quarter. As packaway sells through, those costs will flow through the P&L. So implicit in our third quarter assumptions is packaway levels would come down relative to where they are today. I hope that answers the question.
John Call: I'll take the first piece of that, Paul, related to distribution costs. In the second quarter, we were up against the 40 basis point improvement from the prior year, so it was the compare that made it difficult in the second quarter when we were actually building packaway last year.
John Call: And Brian, as far as your dd's question is concerned, last year, dd's was just slightly over breakeven, and this year, we're -- we'll be even slightly ahead of that, so we're pleased with dd's financial performance today.
John Call: The current guidance assumes that their performance is in line with last year. It doesn't assume any benefit if our shrink rates go down...
John Call: I mean, we're using -- our accrual rate is based on last year's results and that's what we're using.
John Call: No, we'd get a benefit, the 15 -- there would be a 15 basis point benefit if shrink results came in, in line with our accrual.
John Call: No, the average unit retail at dd's is probably about 20% lower than Ross so it's probably an $8-ish price point while Ross is $10, $11 price point.
John Call: No. Our shrink happens in the starts not the DCs. So no, it doesn't impact our shrink perspective at all.
John Call: No, probably for the decrease in depreciation may be slightly slower capital spending than we had before, so we haven't put out a new perspective on depreciation.
John Call: It has. So right now, the expectation is about $315 million. We have certain projects that we'll plan to kick off in the fourth quarter this year that will move probably the first quarter, first half of next year.
Michael O'Sullivan: Brian, I'll answer the first part of that on shrink. We've done a number of things over the last few years to better control shortage in terms of improving security at stores, lowering inventories, all those kinds of things. And they've been pretty successful and as you know over the last couple of years, we've been able to take advantage of that and bring down our shrink costs. We're now accruing shrink and it's what we experienced last year. And we have no reason at this point to think it's going to be different than that, but we won't really know until we take our September for this inventory. And once we know that, we'll know whether or not shrink is adding accrual, or better or maybe even worse, but we won't know until we take that -- this inventory.
Michael O'Sullivan: On your question about the store refurbs in Market Street. Stacy, we continually upgrade our stores from time to time. Market Street is an unusual store, it's a downtown store. And over the last few years, I think we've pretty much upgraded all of our downtown stores. And similarly, in our non-downtown stores, we continue to cycle through a program of upgrading those in terms of fixtures and climate [ph] over time.
Michael O'Sullivan: Laura, Michael O'Sullivan. I'll take that. So yes, as Michael mentioned, we'll be opening 12 stores in the Chicago area later this year. And you could expect that, obviously, in 2012 and 2013, we'll follow that up with other new stores opening in the Midwest. Over the last few years, we've grown by backfilling an existing market. That's been an important strategy for us. We've been able to use that time to make a number of improvements that we think will help us as we expand in new markets. Many of those are based upon learnings that we had in the Southeast, things like improving our assortment mix, and we've also had time to improve level of assortments and we think that will help us. We've also, I think, learned some things in terms of building awareness and our marketing programs that will apply. And I think the third thing that we learned is it does take time when you enter new markets, and we are sort of going in with that philosophy, that we are committed to the market, we know we'll be successful long-term, but it's going to take a few years to build our awareness. In that context, what you should know is, in the next 2, 3 years, the new markets really aren't going to be material. I mean, we're talking about 12 stores in the Chicago area at the end of this year on a base of thousands, so financially, it's not very material commitment. Over a longer period of time, obviously, those stores will be important to us, but for the next few years, they really won't be that significant.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, sure. So Richard, yes we've been happy with dd's. The comp performance of dd's has been very good and above-planed, and actually maybe even the biggest story of dd's in the last few years has been how successful we've been in expanding contribution margin. So from a profitability point of view, we're happy with the dd's business and I think as we've announced before, expectation of dd's will be accretive to our -- slightly accretive to our earnings this year.
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. A typical question to answer, David. I think we've taken a number of measures that we believe would help improve shrink and they have. We don't know whether we've reached the end of that yet or not. So it's possible we'll see further improvements, but until we take this inventory, it'd be very hard for us to know.
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Omar, I think our plan has always been to expand geographically. We have 1,000 stores, but we're only in 27 states. And we have a firm belief that customers across the United States will respond well to Ross when they have an opportunity to shop there. So our plan has always been to expand, it's just a question of timing. And over the last few years, as I mentioned before, we've made a number of investments, particularly in merchandise planning but in other areas, too, in preparation for this kind of expansion. So based on that, 2011 is the first year that we'll start expansion.
