Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Senior Director of Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our second quarter and year-to-date performance followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As a reminder, all earnings per share results and forecasts for both the current and prior year reflect our recent 2-for-1 stock split that became effective June 11, 2015. As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our solid sales and earnings growth for both the second quarter and first 6 months. These results reflect that our assortments of compelling name-brand bargains continue to resonate with today's value-focused customers. Earnings per share for the second quarter increased 11% to $0.63, up from $0.57 in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter grew to $259 million compared to $240 million for the same period last year. Sales rose 9% for the quarter to $2,968,000,000 with comparable store sales up 4% over the prior year. While second quarter operating margin of 13.9% was down from last year, it was slightly better than expected. The quarter benefited from higher merchandise margin and tight expense control that partially offset a planned increase in distribution costs related to recent infrastructure investment. For the first 6 months of fiscal 2015, earnings per share increased 15% to $1.32, up from $1.15 in the prior year. Net earnings were $541 million, up 12% from $583 million (sic) [ $483 million ] last year. Sales for the year-to-date period rose 9% to $5,906,000,000 and comparable store sales increased 5%. Similar to Ross, dd's posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits for the quarter and year-to-date period as customers also responded positively to their value offering.  The strength in merchandise and geographic sales trends for Ross during the second quarter were relatively broad-based. Juniors and Home were the best-performing departments while the Midwest continued to be the strongest region.  As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 20% over the prior year with packaway levels at 46% of total inventory compared to 43% last year. Average in-store inventories at quarter end were down slightly versus last year while total inventories were higher as we have taken advantage of increased closeout availability in the marketplace. Now let's turn to our expansion program. Store growth remains on track with 19 new Ross and 8 dd's DISCOUNTS opening in the second quarter. For fiscal 2015, we continue to plan for about 70 new Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNT locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plan to close or relocate a handful of stores. Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our second quarter results and details on our second half guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. While we are pleased by our better-than-expected results for the first half, we face more challenging sales and earnings comparisons over the balance of the year. In addition, the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain and we expect the retail landscape to be highly promotional during the fall season, especially given the recent results from other retailers. Based on these factors, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to remain cautious in our forecasting our business for the second half of 2015.  To maximize our results, we will continue to dedicate our resources to address our top priority: offering customers the best bargains possible on a wide assortment of fresh and exciting name-brand fashion for the family and the home. This will be the key of delivering respectable growth in sales and earnings both now and in the future. At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, the deals have been pretty broad based. I mean, the supply lines have been in almost every business that we touch. So our assortments are broad in the stores, the availabilities for it, so that's why we've been able to maximize a lot of deals in the market. 
Barbara Rentler: No, in terms of the floor sets and the gift setups, no, the timing is similar -- will be similar to last year. In terms of the promotional landscape, Oliver, the promotional landscape in Q2, it was aggressive in certain segments of the market. So we were planning on being aggressive, it was aggressive. I think when back-to-school comes to an end, we're going to see that, that was very aggressive and that we're going to see that continue going into the fall season, especially if some retailers are going into fall with high inventory levels. So that was the inventories. 
Barbara Rentler: In terms of trying to understand where the goods came from, I would say at this point it's really difficult to tell. I mean, department store business was difficult and so some goods are clearly coming from that market. And at this point, it's much more homogenized than the beginning when we saw huge amounts coming everywhere in every business from the port. 
Barbara Rentler: What I would say about that it we're clearly operating in a very promotional and competitive environment and that's really true across the entire retail landscape, including our biggest competitor. But our focus really is on our own business. So our top priority really remains providing the best compelling bargains possible to the customers and that's really not going to change. So that's really what our focus is, how we feel about it. 
Barbara Rentler: And in terms of the global sourcing availability, we buy from a lot of different sources around the world, so we feel that we have a wide assortment from a variety of countries and it's pretty widespread. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, there's a couple of things. From the pricing and value perspective, it goes to our being prudent about how we plan the back half because as the department stores promote and they have a lot of inventory, the values move. So we chase our business back, so we understand what's going on there and where our values need to be. As it pertains to supply, when business is uncertain and difficult, it creates supply. Any disruption in business creates supply. So you would think ultimately that there would be a bubble of good that results from, let's say, if back-to-school turns out to be more difficult than people anticipated that there would be good that are the results of that. So you kind of get it on both sides. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Well, Home performed about the chain average. And actually, both segments of Home were good. I would say the decorative piece was even better than the bed and bath piece. 
Barbara Rentler: No, we haven't had to take price adjustments. We chase a big part of our business as we go, which is one of the reasons why we run usually with a conservative plan so that we can watch the promotional activity and understand where we need to be in relation to department stores. As Michael said, it's a value game, department stores to off-prices. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara, and let's start with our second quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven mainly by an increase in the size of the average basket with the number of transactions up slightly from last year. As mentioned earlier, while second quarter operating margin of 13.9% declined 35 basis points from last year, it was better than expected.  Cost of goods sold increased 20 basis points, mainly from a 40 basis point increase in distribution expenses that were impacted by the opening of a new distribution center during the second quarter. Freight and buying costs also increased 10 and 5 basis points, respectively. These unfavorable items were partially offset by a 25 basis point increase in merchandise margin and occupancy leverage of 10 basis points. Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period increased by about 15 basis points. Last year's second quarter included a onetime benefit of about 20 basis points from the resolution of a legal matter. This prior year comparison more than offset the expense leverage we realized from the 4% comparable store sales increase. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $176 million. Year-to-date, we have bought back a total of 6.9 million shares for an aggregate price of $352 million. As planned, we expect to buy back a total of $700 million in stock for the year under the 2-year $1.4 billion stock repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors in February 2015. Let's turn now to our second half guidance. For the third quarter ending October 31, 2015, same-store sales are forecast to increase 1% to 2% on top of a 4% gain last year with earnings per share projected to be in a range of $0.48 to $0.50, up from $0.46 in the 2014 third quarter. For the fourth quarter ending January 30, 2016, we are planning same-store sales to be flat to up 1% on top of a 6% gain last year with earnings per share projected to be $0.60 to $0.63 compared to $0.60 last year. Now I'll provide some additional operating statement assumptions for our third quarter EPS target. Total sales are projected to grow 5% to 6% on the previously mentioned comparable store sales forecast of up 1% to 2%. We're planning to add 19 new Ross and 7 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the period. Operating margin is projected to be 11.3% to 11.5% versus 11.8% in the prior year. We are forecasting merchandise margins for this year's third quarter to be relatively flat while distribution costs are expected to remain elevated over the prior year. The higher distribution costs reflect the recent infrastructure investments and unfavorable timing of packaway-related expenses. Net interest expense is estimated to be about $4 million.  Our tax rate is planned at approximately 35%.  And we expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 406 million. Based on our results for the first 6 months and second half forecast, we are now projecting earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.45, up 9% to 11% over $2.21 in fiscal 2014. Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure, Lorraine. It's Michael. On the -- across regionally, the results were actually fairly good from a broad-based perspective. We mentioned the Midwest continues to be our strongest region, which had been true over the last 1.5 years. In terms of back-to-school markets, like all other retailers, we're impacted by later sales tax holiday events. But overall, that did not have a big impact for us for the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Dan, on your first piece, as we mentioned in the remarks, the 4% comp was driven by a combination of a larger basket and a slight increase in the transactions. The basket was primarily driven by an increase in the unit per transaction and AUR was up slightly. In terms of overall traffic, I mean, the way we think about our sales is we focus on overall sales and it comes down to merchandising. So based on that, we'll continue to do what's best and that is we'll try to deliver the most compelling bargains to our customers. 
Michael Hartshorn: Matthew, it's Michael Hartshorn. So in terms of margin -- merchandise margin for the quarter, it's actually a mix. We continue to operate the business with lower in-store inventory, which is what we ended the quarter at down -- slightly down 1%, so that helps drive faster terms and lower markdowns and it also included better buying, so a little bit on total margin. 
Michael Hartshorn: No, so there was a differential in the first versus the second quarter. In addition, entering 2015, we had lower clearance levels, so that's actually helped us this year versus last year. And our comp was a little higher over planned in the first quarter versus the second quarter. So both of those factors resulted in more favorable margin in Q1 versus the second quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Texas, overall, has consistently been a good performer for us. In the second quarter and year-to-date, it's performed above the chain average for us. So it continues to be one of our best-performing regions. 
Michael Hartshorn: Stephen, it's Michael Hartshorn. Yes, so in the first quarter, we actually got a benefit in distributions and we actually expect that to turn around in the back half. So distribution centers are going to be impacted both by the packaway-related timing costs and the fact that we just opened a new distribution center in Central Valley, California during the second quarter. As you move into next year, you'll still have a hangover from the additional DC in the first half of the year and then you should be able to leverage in the back half. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Daniel, on AUR, I think your question was would we sacrifice AUR to drive sales. I think we do that all the time. I think our pricing has always intended to be very sharp and I think that's driven our performance over the long term. We're all about offering great prices and great bargains. So our AUR is always an area of focus for us. In terms of the guidance, the 1% to 2% in the back half versus the 2% to 3%, we've been very pleased with our performance the last couple of quarters, but there are a couple of reasons to be conservative in our guidance. There's ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and retail environment and you get a sense of that in some of the recent retailers' results, particularly from some of the department stores. And then the second reason to be conservative is we're up against some pretty tough multiyear comparisons in the back half. Last year's third quarter was a 4% comp, last year's fourth quarter was a 6% comp so we're going up against those numbers. So putting all that to the side, you and others who followed us for a while will know that this is sort of a -- this is very much from our playbook. We tend to manage the business relatively conservatively, but we hope to do better. And certainly, if the sales trend is there, we'll chase it. So that's kind of the outlook. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Marni, not really. Our marketing strategy and message is pretty consistent. The message is always that we offer the best values. So there's really nothing new there. I mean, the focus really in terms of driving traffic is really to have the best bargains in the store. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Richard, that's right. As Barbara said, total inventories were up and that was entirely packaway. 
Michael O'Sullivan: No changes in how we're thinking about that. We're still thinking about it in terms of replacing that position. That said, the dd's business has been doing pretty well over the last couple of quarters. We have a strong team in place. But no changes in terms of how we're thinking about the long-term leadership structure. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So on the first part of your question, wage increases. As we mentioned on the call in May, we've taken up our minimum entry-level wage to $9 an hour. That adjustment, together with any offsets, is built into the earnings guidance for the rest of the year. In terms of further increases, we think the labor market is fairly dynamic and we like to sort of follow the labor trends before making decisions on any future moves. But I think, in general, we think if the economy improves over the next couple of years, it's likely that there'll be additional wage pressures out there. 
Michael O'Sullivan: In terms of margin on a multiyear basis, Matthew, I think, as you know, we've taken a number of steps that have helped to drive margin over the last several years in terms of very significant reductions to inventory, very significant improvements to shrink. Now look, we've been chipping away at those, but I think on a go-forward basis, I think any improvement in margin -- EBIT margin is likely to come from ahead-of-plan sales. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Omar, yes, I think really 2 key reasons to be -- well, I guess, 3 key reasons to be conservative in our outlook. One is the multiyear comparisons that I mentioned. Secondly, in our business, we can always chase good news. We can always chase a good trend, so it makes sense to manage conservatively, so we keep expenses and inventory in check and then ultimately we can chase. And then the third piece, which is what you're getting at, which is sort of the outlook, I think a combination of things. I think mixed results and -- actually weak results among department stores causes us to think that the environment, which is already fairly promotional, will continue to be pretty promotional in the back half. And how that affects us is we're all about price differentiation. The difference between the value at Ross and the value elsewhere and to the extent that other stores, department stores, et cetera, promote that obviously eats into that price differentiation. So that's what's built into the conservatism. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Jill, we don't know whether that's -- it could be that consumers are trading down from more expensive retailers in that region. We don't really know what's driving that. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So as Barbara mentioned in her remarks, dd's posted better-than-expected gains in sales and profits in the quarter and that's actually been the pattern over the last several quarters. We've been doing a number of things the last couple of years at dd's to drive sales and actually to drive profitability, particularly more tightly controlling inventories and expenses, so we feel good about how that's gone. In terms of longer term, we're very confident in the dd's' business model. Last year, we opened about 20 dd's stores and we're on track to do about the same. So we're pretty happy with that business. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So let me start with the last piece. I mean, our ultimate objective is to continue to attract and retain great associates and we've been very pleased with our ability to do that over the last several years. The reason to take up wage rates this year was to ensure that we could continue to do that going forward. Now the impact on margin in the second quarter, there really wasn't one because we were able to find offsets in the business to neutralize the impact of the wage rate increase and that we were able to do that for the back half of the year, too. So as a result, it didn't really have an impact overall. In terms of more broadly looking at how we manage our resources, our labor, our associates, we're always looking for ways to improve how we do that. I'm not familiar with some of the examples that you just described, but we're always looking at other ways to improve both our customer experience and actually also our associate retention at Ross. 
Oliver Chen: We're just curious about the back half and how you're thinking about inventory planning. Your inventories have been managed quite tightly and you've done a good job keeping your open-to-buy pretty open. Also, I wanted to just ask you about your comments on the uncertain environment and the highly promotional landscape. Just because at some of the more broadline retailers, we've seen some really good momentum in apparel, so I was curious about how there's mixed messages out there in the marketplace. 
Oliver Chen: Just curious about how you're planning in the holiday season and if you can continue to kind of grow at a lot less than sales. And if there's anything we should know about the timing of which you'll do gifting or floor sets relative to last year. 
Oliver Chen: Okay, that's helpful. Just lastly, as we look at the weather, do you have any differentiation in terms of how you're thinking about certain categories in light of the forecast? I was just curious about outerwear and any read-throughs there about categories as it relates to weather as we approach the back half. 
