Michael Balmuth: Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Wong, Director, Investor Relations. We will begin with a review of our fourth quarter and 2012 performance followed by our outlook for 2013. Afterward, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. We are pleased with the record sales and earnings we delivered in the fourth quarter and 2012 fiscal year, especially considering they were achieved on top of strong multiyear gains. Results for both periods benefited from our ongoing ability to deliver compelling bargains on a wide assortment of exciting name-brand fashions for the family and the home to today's value-focused consumers.  Earnings per share for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013, grew to $1.07, up from $0.85 for the 13 weeks ended January 28, 2012. For the 53 weeks ended February 2, 2013, earnings per share were $3.53, compared to $2.86 for the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2012. Both the quarter and the fiscal year include a per share benefit of approximately $0.10 from the 53rd week. Net earnings for the 2012 fourth quarter were $236.6 million, up from $192 million in the prior year, while fiscal 2012 net earnings grew to $786.8 million, compared to $657.2 million in fiscal 2011.  Sales for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013, grew 15% to $2,761,000,000, with comparable store sales up 5% on top of a 7% increase in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the 53-week fiscal year ended February 2, 2013, sales increased 13% to $9,721,000,000, with a same-store sales gain of 6%, compared to a 5% rise in 2011. For the quarter and the full year, Juniors was the best-performing merchandise category, while geographically, the strength was broad-based. Earnings before interest and taxes for the 2012 fourth quarter grew to 13.7% of sales, up from 13.0% in the fourth quarter of 2011.  For fiscal 2012, operating margin rose to a record 13.1%, a gain of 75 basis points on top of an 85-basis-point increase in fiscal 2011. Profit margins for both the quarter and the full year mainly benefited from higher merchandise gross margin, leverage on operating expenses from the strong gains in same-store sales and the impact of the 53rd week. John will provide some additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes. As we ended 2012, total consolidated inventories were up 7% compared to the prior year, while packaway levels were about 47% of total inventories, down from 49% at the end of 2011. On average, in-store inventories were down approximately 5% during 2012. Our expansion program remained on track during the year, with the net addition of 54 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS. We continued our growth in new markets, which accounted for about 1/3 of these new store openings. We are pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS also delivered another year of solid gains in sales and operating profitability in 2012. Like Ross, dd's continues to benefit from our ability to offer a wide assortment of terrific bargains while also operating the business on reduced inventory levels. Now let's turn to our financial condition. Operating cash flows provided the resources to make capital investments in new store growth and infrastructure, as well as fund our ongoing stock repurchase and dividend programs. In January 2013, our Board of Directors approved a new program authorizing up to $1.1 billion to be used to repurchase shares of our common stock over the next 2 years through fiscal 2014. This represents a 22% increase over the prior 2-year $900 million program that was completed in January of 2013. The board also raised our quarterly cash dividend to $0.17 per share, up 21% on top of a 27% increase in the prior year.  The growth of our stock repurchase and dividend programs has been driven by the significant amounts of cash our business generates after self-funding store growth and other capital needs. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993, and this is the 19th consecutive increase in our quarterly cash dividend. This consistent record reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and returns.  Now John will provide further color on our fourth quarter and fiscal 2012 results and details on our first quarter and fiscal year 2013 guidance. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Again, we are pleased with our strong 2012 performance. Looking ahead, in order to operate successfully in today's very uncertain macroeconomic and political environment, we will focus on the execution of our proven off-price model that has enabled us to perform well in a variety of business climates. Investing in our merchandise organization is still our #1 priority. Experience showed that this is the key to increasing our access to the best name-brand bargains in the marketplace, while further expanding our very large vendor base. To enhance sales and maximize gross margin, we will also continue to operate our stores with lower inventories, with selling store levels planned down in the low single-digit range for 2013.  In addition, our ongoing focus on fine-tuning our systems and processes to plan and allocate at a much more detailed level remains more important than ever today. This is especially true as we continue to grow in new markets and operate our stores with less inventory.  We also continue to implement numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the business. These initiatives are driving down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization and back-office functions. To sum up, we will stay intently focused on our core off-price mission of offering compelling discounts on wide assortments of name-brand fashions to today's increasingly value-focused shoppers. We know that delivering great bargains will always be the key to maximizing our opportunities for growth in sales and profits over both the short and the long term.  At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Michael Balmuth: The biggest opportunity for improvement within our merchandise departments is really where we struggled in the back half of last year, which was on -- in our home business. And I would say what we're seeing so far and the changes we've put in place, we're on track to see our improvement as we move through the year. 
Michael Balmuth: We're pretty comfortable with our inventory levels as it relates to seasonal merchandise. For years, we've been pushing it back based on how the seasonality seems to be moving back. And so, we find ourselves in a relatively comfortable spot, a couple of markets maybe, a small level of concern, but nothing material. 
Michael Balmuth: Home trailed the company in the fourth quarter, and our strategies going forward are really to improve the executional mistakes we made. We've made some organizational adjustments, but we've made some executional mistakes within our assortments. So this is a year of getting back to basics in that business. 
Michael Balmuth: Relative to where we're taking share from, I think we're taking it -- grabbing it from a bunch of people. But clearly based on the more recent mid-tier results, it is more mid-tier. And it looks like within the mid-tier, it's hard -- it's fully hard to isolate, but clearly one retailer has had a bigger drop. So we're probably getting a little more share from there, but not sure. And what we're seeing about pricing around the horn is nothing wildly aggressive overall versus what we would expect at this time of the year. Things really normally heat up as you get closer to Easter, so probably I could better answer that on the next call. 
Michael Balmuth: I think really it will just come from how our business accelerated as we moved through the month of February, and we wouldn't be able to comment on anything further beyond the end of February. 
Michael Balmuth: No, actually, I said the opposite. Actually, I believe I said the opposite. My belief is -- our belief is that we are well positioned with our spring inventory. Okay? There's only a couple places where I have even a slight, very slight concern, but really, as a whole, not at all. And those, what I said, it was really immaterial to... 
Michael Balmuth: You know something, I probably have situations of both, okay, and we always do. Okay? So it's not any real difference from our normal position entering a spring season where there are weather issues every year in both directions in the first few months of spring. 
Michael Balmuth: It's coming -- some incremental hiring, some splitting of businesses that we have, and we have people internally that we move up. And this is something that we've got built into our forecast and we've been doing for multiple years, but it's built into our forecast for this year. 
Michael Balmuth: I think over the last several years, the customer has been a trade-down customer that has come to our doors, and we've satisfied them. And so I think actually for our business, that's been a good thing. The second part of your question was...? I'm sorry. 
Michael Balmuth: Our conversations with our vendors are really between us and our vendors, okay, so it really doesn't -- I wouldn't elaborate, but I would not expect that it's changing much of our conversation anyway. But I wouldn't get too much detail on that. What was... 
Michael Balmuth: Our footwear business has been strong for a while. And so I'm sure that's a piece of it, but our footwear business has been strong. 
Michael Balmuth: We made some actually organizational changes in there during the course of the year. We've also added a few more senior level merchants as we've started this year. And with those changes and other changes we've made, specifically on mix within our assortment by classification, we would expect as we move through the year that our assortments would be more in keeping with what we -- our expectation would be within our racks. 
Michael Balmuth: Actually, home is really less -- is really more upfront product purchased in home than there is anywhere else in our store, so it's further out. It is a further out business. Or I think saying closer to a year is appropriate. 
Michael Balmuth: I would say that -- look, our margins were fine. We didn't have to do anything to adjust our pricing to meet the more promotional environment. And your assumption or your hypothesis, I'd say, is probably true. 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's Michael O'Sullivan. I'll take that. Overall, we're very happy with what we've seen in new markets. As a reminder, we first opened stores in new markets in the end of 2011. So it's still relatively recent, but the performance since then, we've been very happy with. In terms of additional new markets, we're actually not planning any additional new markets in 2013. We are going to be opening additional stores in the new markets that we've entered over the past couple of years, but no additional markets. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then Daniel, on your second question about the number of new stores, I think at least for the next few years, you should assume that the number of new stores will be approximately at the same level as we have -- that we're planning to open this year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Brian, on the first question you asked regarding dd's, so dd's has been profitable for the last couple of years and has been making a contribution to our overall earnings during that period. We expect the same in 2013, in fact, a little more -- a little growth in that earnings contribution. But with all that said, dd's is still a relatively small part of the business and therefore, really isn't material. So it's making contribution, but it's very small. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Mike, in terms of February, I think as we announced a couple of weeks ago, February's comp was minus 1, which is really just at the low end of our guidance. And again, as we -- the color we provided in that release was that we saw some slowness in the business, really at the beginning of the month and then things picked up as the month progressed. And we believe that, that slowness was driven by the delay in tax refunds, and that's why things started to pick up as the month progressed. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So, David, as you know, we've had our micro-merchandising systems and processes in place for 2 or 3 years now. And I think we said early on that as we gather more history, gather more data, those systems and processes become more effective. And that's kind of what we experienced over the past few years. We think there's still some opportunity with our micro-merchandising tools. I think Michael had mentioned in his remarks that we're trimming inventories again this year, and that's at least partially enabled by the micro-merchandising tools that we have. Now in terms of sort of next generation, what more can we do, we're also looking at opportunities there in terms of making further improvements and enhancements to our micro-merchandising and more broadly, to our planning systems. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Dd's experienced a similar pattern to the pattern we described for Ross. But slowness was -- the slowness happened earlier in the month and then started to pick up as the month progressed. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So of those 80 stores, about 1/3 will be in what we call the new markets, which is essentially the Midwest markets. There'll be a handful in the Southeast, not very many, and then the balance will be our existing markets. 
Michael O'Sullivan: No, not really. Obviously, if we put a store very close to an existing store, then we might see a little bit of cannibalization, but it typically lasts for a few months. And then within a year, that original store is back to where it was. But overall, I think what your question is really getting at is are we saturated in any markets? And the answer is no, we're not. We still have plenty of opportunity in our existing markets. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Roxanne, the last time we opened a DC was about 5 years ago in Southern California, and we're just getting to a point in our growth where we need to add capacity. And we need to add capacity on the West Coast and on the East Coast, which is why we're opening 2 DCs. We are staggering them. So rather than trying to open them both at the same time, one will happen next year and the other a year after. In terms of benefits, obviously, there's a capacity benefit. It enables us to continue to support our growth. And we -- obviously, we expect the new DCs to be very productive once we scale them up. So yes, we should see some benefit from those long term. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then on the other part of your question, Alex, marketing. So most of the online activity that we see that we categorize as off-price is actually at very high price points, higher price points than we compete in. So in terms of our marketing to our customer, it really isn't affected. Our customer is looking for a bargain, and our marketing focuses on reminding them that if they come to Ross, they'll find a bargain. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Nothing dramatic, Patrick. Now obviously, we tweak things here and there. So even with our 15 DCs, there are some product areas that we only process in 1 or 2 DCs. And so, that kind of thing, where it makes sense to sort of tweak the model, we do, but nothing radical in terms of the overall approach. 
Michael O'Sullivan: No, we've looked at that several times over the past 12 months. And what we found is that stores that are near a J.C. Penney are doing very well and stores that are not near a J.C. Penney are doing very well. I mean, all of our stores are doing -- did very well last year. I think what that tells us is that, sure, we meant -- we're almost certainly getting some kind of benefit. But there are many other things that are going on that are also driving that comp. 
Michael O'Sullivan: We were factoring in a number of factors, a lot of uncertainty. That's why we gave a range and why for February we said flattish because we knew there was some uncertainty out there. So inasmuch as we're able to sort of take into account those different areas of uncertainty, our guidance tries to capture it. 
John Call: And Ike, as far as packaway levels are concerned, obviously, they're opportunistic in terms of what bargains we see out there. But from a planning perspective, we'll assume similar levels to what we had last year. 
John Call: Brian, as it relates to CapEx, as we mentioned in the comments, we're planning $670 million in CapEx this year, which is a peak level for us. 2014, we expect that level to come back down to more -- slightly more normalized levels around to what we spent in 2012 and then descend from there going forward as we complete the build-out of the distribution center. 
John Call: Sure, David. As we look to 2013 on a 1 to 2 comp, we do delever occupancy a bit, so it's not necessarily G&A. G&A tends to be -- could come pretty close to leveraging G&A, but occupancy was a bigger drag from an expense standpoint. 
John Call: So in terms of, kind of dollar basket versus traffic, the dollar basket has grown a bit. We see that traffic was a real main driver for comps through fiscal 2012. As we started February, traffic was down but picked up as we went through the month. 
John Call: We think that traffic should drive the comp. I mean, we're not -- from a pricing standpoint, I think we're relatively flat to slightly up, but traffic should drive the comp. 
John Call: I would say that's hard to measure, Oliver. Clearly, the results have been good, but difficult to measure trade-down versus fallout. Clearly, we have more traffic in the stores that increase the comp. 
John Call: In the fourth quarter, the benefit was probably about 65 basis points to the total EBIT line, and we haven't broken that out between G&A and margin. 
John Call: That does reflect increased purchases. It could reflect packaway buys. It could reflect increased store size, for all those reasons. 
John Call: No, not necessarily, not necessarily. It might have to do with timing. But clearly, as the need increases, we increase those obligations. 
John Call: Sure. With the building of our distribution centers, a lot of interest is capitalized into building those DCs. 
John Call: It impacts it somewhat, but not enough to comment on. I mean, we -- our forecast 1 or 2 comp for the year, 1 to 2 this quarter so, Evren, not really a material impact. 
