Barbara Rentler: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Michael Balmuth, Executive Chairman; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Executive Vice President, Finance and Legal; Michael Hartshorn, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Connie Kao, Senior Director, Investor Relations. We'll begin our call today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2015 performance, followed by our outlook for 2016. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have.  As noted in today's press release, we are pleased with our sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter, which exceeded our expectations despite the highly promotional holiday selling environment. Additionally, we faced our most challenging sales comparisons from the prior year. Our results were driven by the competitive values we offered on a wide assortment of name-brand bargains and gifts throughout our stores.  Earnings per share for the fourth quarter grew 10% to $0.66 on net earnings that rose 6% to $264 million. Sales for the quarter increased 7% to $3,251,000,000, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of last year's 6% gain. For the 2015 fiscal year, earnings per share grew 14% to $2.51 on top of strong multiyear increases. Net earnings rose 10% to $1,021,000,000, with comparable sales up 4% for the year. dd's DISCOUNTS also posted better-than-expected gains in sales and operating profit for both the quarter and year, as customers continued to respond positively to their value offering. missy sportswear was the best-performing merchandise category at Ross for the fourth quarter while the Midwest was the strongest region.  Our fourth quarter operating margin of 12.7% was down from last year as improved merchandise margins and strong expense control were more than offset by the timing of packaway-related costs. For the full year, however, we are pleased that operating margin increased 10 basis points to a record 13.6%. As we ended 2015, total consolidated inventories were up 3% over the prior year, with packaway levels at 47% of total inventories compared to 45% last year. Average in-store inventories were down approximately 2% at year-end.  During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of common stock for a total price of $170 million. For the full year, we repurchased 13.7 million shares for an aggregate price of $700 million. We expect to complete the $700 million remaining under our current 2-year $1.4 billion program by the end of fiscal 2016. As noted in today's release, our board recently approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.135 per share, up 15% on top of an 18% increase last year.  The continued growth of our shareholder payouts reflects our ongoing confidence in the company's ability to generate significant amounts of cash after funding our growth and the other capital needs of our business. We have repurchased stock as planned every year since 1993 and raised our cash dividend annually since its inception in 1994. This consistent record reflects our unwavering commitment to enhancing stockholder value and return.  Now Michael Hartshorn will provide further color on our 2015 results and details on our fiscal 2016 full year and first quarter guidance. 
Barbara Rentler: Thank you, Michael. We are very pleased with our strong performance in 2015 as we were once again able to convert our better-than-expected revenue gains into solid double-digit earnings per share growth. These results are due to the resilience of our off-price business model and are a testament to the talented people we have throughout our organization. They have demonstrated once again their ability to deliver compelling bargains to our customers, which will always be the key to success in our business.  As we move into 2016, we are well positioned to take advantage of the best opportunities in the marketplace. However, we continue to face our own challenging multiyear sales and earnings comparison. And with the increasing uncertain and volatile macroeconomic climate, it doesn't appear that the retail landscape will get any less competitive or promotional in 2016. So while we hope to do better, we believe it's prudent to maintain a conservative posture when forecasting our business for this year.  As we look ahead over the longer term, we remain confident in our ability to deliver average annual earnings per share gain in the low double-digit percentage range. This view is rooted in our belief that the off-price sector will remain a strong performing segment of retail, especially given consumers' ongoing focus on values. Equally important is our proven ability over time to maximize our favorable industry position by delivering the exceptional values our customers have come to expect.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you might have. 
Barbara Rentler: Actually, I think the availability, Michael, is pretty broad-based. I mean, it's really -- when you think about the sectors of the market where business was difficult, it's apparel and it's home. So we feel that the opportunity is in all businesses. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, I think the increased promotional environment, I think what we saw in the fourth quarter, especially in the department store sector is what we're going to see as we continue through 2016. I think what it means for the customer, what it means for us -- I mean, obviously, we're not economists, so we can't determine what the customer is thinking. But I think what it means to us and our business is that we need to continue to deliver great value. And so value is something that moves based of what goes on in department stores and specialty stores. So we need to make sure that we do 2 things: that we stay very liquid so that we're there and can maximize on closeout opportunities, and those closeout opportunities then have to be at the right value. And since that moves, that gives us the flexibility to deliver the values that the customers want. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, that's because we went into the quarter with 2 things. We went into the quarter with very strong packaway values, and we also -- we exceeded our sales expectations, so we also chased a big part of that through closeouts. And the key to delivering value to the customer is understanding what goes on around you. So you really need to have liquidity just to make sure that you keep that relationship so that the customer is satisfied. 
Barbara Rentler: And as it pertains to outwear, outerwear performed below company average, as you would expect, based off the weather and not dissimilar to other retailers. 
Barbara Rentler: Okay. Brian, in terms of the merchandise mix, we basically see growth in all our areas. If I had to select one area, I would say probably home would be that area. We've got a lot of initiatives going on in there. And gift was a big portion of our fourth quarter success in home this year, so if I had to pick one, it would be home. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, from the supply side, department stores have pulled back over the last couple of years in total in how they plan. But it's not about how you plan it, it's really about the sales that materialize and the rate at which you spend your receipt money. So as you look at where the department stores ended in January, most of them ended with more inventory and, clearly, ended with more clearance. And so as we enter into the spring season, one would expect that there would be a bubble of inventory that we would see in spring, which we could use to fuel the spring. And back to your point on packaway, that would help us drive through packaway. So it's relative to how department stores plan. It's relative to how the vendors plan with department stores and how much risk they're willing to take. So we do feel there are trends -- there will be opportunities in the marketplace. As long as traditional retailers continue to perform the way they're performing, you would think that there'll be more opportunities there. So from that perspective on the supply side, we feel good, which is why we're keeping ourselves liquid and feel we're well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace. 
Barbara Rentler: So just on the -- back to the supply line. Sales are the key contributors to what happens with excess inventory. So sales are not stable in the world. The sales -- if you look at sales, they've been volatile, and you're watching department stores drop down. So again, receipts versus sales are 2 different scenarios. That's what creates that bubble. In terms of margin, obviously, chasing closeouts and keeping tight inventory control helps us to get better position and to improve our merchandise margin. 
Barbara Rentler: No, David, there is availability in the market. But as you're talking about buying packaway, there's few things involved with buying packaway. There is price, there is a value, there is the timing of delivery. So when we went in there and assessed what we bought, we ended at 47% versus 45%, so we were comfortable with that number, and we'll continue to buy goods as we come across, using that same criteria, understanding where we believe value will go in the future. 
Barbara Rentler: I think the way I would look at this situation is, whenever we buy packaway, whether it was this past fourth quarter, or any fourth quarter, those are the metrics we look at: Price, value, timing of when we want to bring it in. So we're just going through the same process we normally go through. So when we went out, and there were goods available, we went to see if we thought it met the criteria where we thought we are going. And in some places, you're assuming that the vendors have merchandise they're going to move on in price, right? So sometimes, vendors move on the price based off of their needs. It's the end of a quarter, the end of a half. So there's a lot of variables that we can't control. The only thing I can say is that we bought what we thought was appropriate. We ended with 47% versus 45%. We feel comfortable with that number and ultimately, we're only going to buy what we think is the right price. And your packaway's very hard to nail down. In a quarter, in the OM, there has to be -- there is some art to buying packaway. You have to feel comfortable that after you put that in there, and when you go to bring that out, whether it's 4 months later, 8 months later, 6 months later, depending on the product, that the value is right. So there's a lot of variables that we can't determine as we're out in the marketplace, but that's really what the buyers do every day of the week. So that was really our assessment in the fourth quarter of how we felt about packaway. Now whether vendors will move off the price as we get further into the next season, maybe, maybe some people will hold inventory over. I can't answer those questions for the vendors. I can only answer what we feel comfortable in doing, which is same thing we've done every season. 
Barbara Rentler: Yes. Not really, Kimberly. I mean, vendors aren't going to be quick to be telling us that they're going to have more or less inventory. So it's really -- each vendor does their own thing, and so I can't really determine that, to be honest with you. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, Home performed better than the company, and it was really driven by gift giving in Q4. And the thing about the Home category is it's so broad-based, there's so many product classifications in there. It's -- when you think about it versus apparel, there's just more things to go into, which is why I feel that Home is a good category for us for grow. 
Barbara Rentler: Juniors performed in line with the chain average, and it was up against very strong comparison in the prior year. So we're pleased with the Junior business. 
Barbara Rentler: Well, as it pertains to the mix -- you're talking about the actual mix we own in our program? It's hard to tell. I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Barbara Rentler: And so it's hard to tell at a certain point what was coming from just business being off in the department store sector, the supply that came from there and the supply that came from the port. After a while, it just became one large supply. 
Michael Hartshorn: Thank you, Barbara. Let's start with our fourth quarter results. Our 4% comparable store sales gain was driven by a combination of higher traffic and an increase in the size of the average basket. As Barbara mentioned, while full year operating margin was up 10 basis points compared to last year, fourth quarter operating margin declined 45 basis points to 12.7%.  Cost of goods sold increased 75 basis points in the quarter, driven by 100 basis points of higher distribution expenses due to the timing of packaway-related costs that benefited earnings earlier in the year. Freight and buying expenses also rose 15 and 5 basis points, respectively. These increases were partially offset by merchandise margin improvement of 35 basis points from the prior year and 10 basis points of lower occupancy costs.  Selling, general and administrative expenses during the period improved by 30 basis points, benefiting from strong cost control and leverage on the 4% comparable store sales increase. Our tax rate for the quarter was lower than expected due to the passage of federal tax credit legislation and also the favorable resolution of a state tax matter.  Let's turn now to our guidance for the upcoming quarter and year. Earnings per share for fiscal 2016 are forecast to be in the range of $2.59 to $2.71, up 3% to 8% from $2.51 in fiscal 2015. The operating statement assumptions for fiscal 2016 include the following. Total sales are forecast to grow 4% to 5% on a comparable store sales increase of 1% to 2%. We expect to add about 70 Ross and 20 dd's DISCOUNTS locations. As usual, these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores.  If same-store sales are in line with our guidance of up 1% to 2%, then we would project operating margin for 2016 to be 13.5% to 13.7%. This forecast calls for a slight increase in merchandise margins that would offset some deleveraging on operating costs. Net interest expense is estimated to be $17 million. Our tax rate is projected to be approximately 37% to 38%. We expect average diluted shares outstanding to be about 395 million. Capital expenditures in 2016 are projected to be approximately $425 million, and depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of stock-based amortization, is forecast to be about $385 million, up from $346 million in 2015.  Lastly, our guidance includes our plans to raise the minimum wage for eligible hourly associates to $10 per hour in the second quarter of 2016, up from the current $9 minimum.  These wage adjustments will help keep us competitive in our hiring practices and enhance our ability to retain talented associates to provide the shopping experience our customers have come to expect.  Let's move now to our first quarter guidance. We are projecting same-store sales to be up 1% to 2% and earnings per share to be flat to up 4% at $0.69 to $0.72.  Following are the assumptions that support this range. Total sales are projected to increase 4% to 5%. We expect to open 22 new Ross and 6 dd's DISCOUNTS locations during the quarter.  First quarter operating margin is projected to be 15.0% to 15.2% compared to last year's 15.7%. The forecasted decline is mainly from the timing of packaway-related costs that benefited the first quarter last year and also the impact of a new distribution center that opened in the second quarter of 2015.  In addition, net interest expense for the quarter is estimated to be about $4.5 million. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 38% to 39%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are projected to be around 400 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Barbara for closing comments. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. So as we mentioned on the call -- Michael, it's Michael Hartshorn. For the quarter, it impacted us by about 100 basis points. And to walk through that timing of what happened during the year. Q1, we got about a $0.03 benefit last year; Q3, we've got about $0.01; and then Q4 when $0.05 was a charge to earnings. So as we think about it going forward, in the first quarter, as we called out in our guidance, we expect some headwind in the first quarter. It's hard to predict how it will fall out during the rest of the year, and that's based on market availability of merchandise. 
Michael Hartshorn: On geographic performance, Bob, as we mentioned, the Midwest continues to be our strongest region. That's been true over the last 8 quarters. California, our largest region, also performed ahead of the chain average. And I think you also asked about Texas. Texas was relatively in line with the chain on top of very strong comps last year when it was one of our top-performing regions. 
Michael Hartshorn: We do see in freight some cost increases, carry rate increases, but it's -- just up slightly over 2015 is what we had on plan. 
Michael Hartshorn: Sure. On new store productivity, there's nothing to talk about in the quarter. There's always a mix of whether you're opening new market stores or existing market stores. We have said in the past that the overall new store productivity has come down over the last couple of years with our entry into the Midwest and also our dd's expansion. That said, you can see the Midwest continues to be our strongest comping market as we continue to gain name recognition there. What we usually see on the comp curve is over the first 5 years, we comp faster than the chain, and we settle into about the chain average in year 5. Overall, we'll put about $1.5 million of capital and working capital into a store, and the payback is about 2 years. 
Michael Hartshorn: So I'll start with the components of comp, Oliver. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the 4% comp was driven by a combination of higher transactions, which, for us, that's our proxy for traffic; and an increase in the size of the average basket. The higher basket was driven both by higher units per transaction and AUR was up a bit a well -- as well. So all the components were up over last year, and that's pretty consistent with the trend we've seen throughout the year in 2015. 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, let me start by talking about fourth quarter. So fourth quarter, we obviously outperformed the high end of our comp sales targets, so that meant we had faster inventory turns resulting in lower markdowns. We also benefited from our ability to take advantage of buying opportunities in the marketplace. So both of those factors really contributed to better-than-planned merchandise margin. Now what we said in our guidance is we expect merchandise margin up slightly for the year. We did operate with lower inventories throughout 2015 and ended at down 2% on an average store basis. And we'd expect to operate a bit lower in 2016 as well, and that should drive some margin improvement. 
Michael Hartshorn: We didn't quantify the impact because what we said is, we've been able to substantially mitigate those costs. As Michael O'Sullivan referred to before, that was there are numerous cost efficiency projects than frankly -- no silver bullets. The savings came from many different projects across many areas of the business, non-payroll and payroll-related activities, so given that we've offset them in the guidance and offset them in 2015, we haven't quantified the impacts. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes. And I would say, remember, we went to $9 last year and $10 this year, so the impact's actually larger in '16 than it was in '15. 
Michael Hartshorn: So we  only give one quarter at the time. It's really going to be driven by sales. I mean, that's the impact, the biggest impact on earnings. But we wouldn't quantify the quarters until we get to the conference call previous to the quarter. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I think in '16, it would be similar levels to this year. At year-end, there was a timing difference. If you recall, last year, we had the port disruption in -- as part of our mitigation efforts, we brought in inventory early that had a brought up leverage last year, so we were up against that compare. But really, it's a function of timing of receipts, including packaway receipts. 
Michael Hartshorn: Well, just to be clear, I mean, we ended the year with EPS up 14%, despite the wage increase on the 4 comps. And certainly, in between a 3 and 4 comp, we think we can get to double-digit EPS growth over the longer term. 
Michael Hartshorn: Yes, I mean for us it's a bit of mix, but also, we continue to operate with lower inventory levels, which means we're taking markdowns, we're turning faster, and it has an impact on AUR you saw on higher prices. I'd say so between those 2 mix and our lower markdowns is what's driving the higher AUR. 
Michael Hartshorn: Paul, on capital, at least over the next couple of years, it'll look very similar to what we said for 2016. Call it 4 25 to 4 50 range, I would say. So nothing extraordinary currently in our, our longer, or at least over the next couple of years. 
Michael Hartshorn: You saw what we said in the past, Roxanne, and it hasn't changed for 2015. At 3 comp, we should be able to lever SG&A and 4 comp, for occupancy costs. 
Michael Hartshorn: So the absolute dollars of packaway did drop during the quarter, Stephen. So as we've talked about in the past, we capitalized the cost to the store and process packaway, including fixed cost. And for us, we charge gross margin or charge cost of goods sold when it sells. So for us, the absolute dollar value of packaway fell during the quarter, which means we had to take a charge and that was greater than the previous year. Of the 100 basis points of distribution center deleveraged in the quarter, all of that was related to the packaway time. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Michael, it's Michael O'Sullivan. We really haven't seen any impact at this point. If you think about the size of some of those new off-price entrants that's not too surprising, that is too small to have made much of an impact. But I guess I'd say more broadly, we try not to get too distracted by what other companies are doing and what new entrants are coming into the market. We operate in a very competitive marketplace, and we try and focus on what we're good at and to make the best use of the advantages and strengths that we have. And as we look at the fourth quarter, the 4% comp on top of the 6% comp last year suggests that we're doing pretty well in that regard. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Richard, I would say it's fairly evenly balanced. Nothing to call out on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Richard, I'd say it's partly a mix of new, partly a mixture of old things that sort of bubble up, I think, to 2 main factors. The first is the sort of the uncertainty in the macroeconomic and retail environment. And I know you've heard us say that before, but this year seems to have gotten off to an especially wobbly start in terms of the economy. So that's one reason for precaution. And then the other is our own top multiyear comparisons. And again, you've heard us say that before. But again, if I just compare this coming quarter Q1 versus last year, we're up against a 5% comp. So again, a reason to be cautious there in our guidance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Not for a little while. We entered the Midwest about 4 years ago now. And the Midwest is a fairly big region, so we feel like we've got plenty of opportunities to build out that region. That's probably going to keep us going certainly for the next few -- the next several years, so it's going to be some time before we enter the Northeast. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So Oliver, as Michael Hartshorn mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are going to be making further wage rate adjustments this year, including taking up the minimum hourly rate to $10 per eligible associate in the second quarter. And those costs, to be clear, are built into our guidance. Now as we put together -- we have a very detailed and rigorous budgeting process, as you might expect. And as we went through the budget for this year, we look to lots of different areas that we could go after to try and capture efficiencies and offset some of those increased expenses -- increased wage expenses. There wasn't one big silver bullet. There were lots and lots of small savings initiatives that will add up to a lot, and it's all the things you'd expect. Some of them are reengineering processes in the stores to better utilize labor hours. But there's also things like looking for savings in terms of services and supplies that we purchase from the outside, looking for higher productivity in our DCs, looking for opportunities to trim non-merchant G&A. There's a whole bunch of, I would say, relatively small savings opportunities that add up to a lot and have allowed us to cover the wage rate increases that Michael Hartshorn mentioned earlier. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And then, Brian, on your second piece about the customers and the new customers specifically, our new customers, frankly, look a lot like our existing customers. We are -- as we do research on the demographics of customers and what they're looking for, the new customers' demographically look very similar. What all our customers have in common no matter what the demographics is they're all looking for great values and great bargains. So in terms of making sure that we can attract more customers and retain customers, our main focus is having the best assortments we can, the best value that we can offer. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And the other thing I'd say, David, is when it's less promotional, clearly, we have more price differentiation, we can offer better value. That tends to be better for us. But as you look at this year, certainly, the way this year has started, there are a lot of sort of economic uncertainty out there, and who's to say whether or not the department stores are going to hit their sales plans later this year or not. Anything can happen, which is why it makes sense for us to be relatively cautious as we plan our business for the year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So on dd's, a couple of quick answers to your q&a part of your question. Yes, dd's does indeed, use packaway, and no, we don't break it out, just because, yes, dd's is a relatively small part of the corporation, so we don't break out, disclose that information. On the second part of your question, what would we need to see, actually we're kind of already seeing it. We're pretty happy with dd's performance over the last several years. We've kind of been in a pattern here with dd's, with better than expected gains in sales and profits over -- a few years now. So we opened just over 20 new dd's stores a year, which on a base of 170 stores, is quite a big growth rate. So I don't think you should expect that we're going to ramp that up significantly, maybe in a given year, it could go up to 25, but it's not going to increase dramatically. Our history, as you know, because you've been following us for a long time, is that we're relatively conservative as we grow our business, as we've grown Ross, and we'll apply the same thinking as we grow dd's. So the -- opening stores of 20 to 25 new stores a year is probably the right planning assumption. 
Michael O'Sullivan: It's very much the same model as you just described for Ross. We believe it's fundamentally an off-price, having the strongest buying team is a key competitive advantage and that applies to Ross and to dd's. So dd's -- have -- we've invested in dd's buying team over the last several years, and we've built a very strong asset there. Actually, I didn't really answer -- you had asked a question earlier about Brian Morrow joining. I think enhancing and strengthening the merchant leadership has also been a part of the investment that we've made. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So Daniel, as you say, next year, no, we haven't released guidance for 2017 yet. But I think we've said before that we would expect that over the next few years, if the economy or if the economy picks up, that we may see more expense pressures, not just us, but in general, companies and retailers will face more expense pressures, including higher wage rates. Obviously, as we start to plan 2017, which won't be for some time, but as we start to plan for 2017, we'll start to look at what are the kinds of things that we can put in place to offset those kinds of expense pressures. Too early to comment on those now, but that's the kind of process that we would go through. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And it's worth underlining that point. Our guidance this year is obviously 1% to 2% comp, and that's what's driving the EPS guidance. As Michael Hartshorn just said, in a more normalized comp, I think we've said in the past that our long term model includes a 3% to 4%, comp. At those levels, we expect low double-digit EPS growth. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Paul, on the other 2 pieces of your question, customers, we operate in a very -- we operate on a pretty large and very competitively fragmented marketplace. So when we ask our customers if you haven't spent that $30 at Ross today, where would you have spent it? We get a long, long list of companies that they would have spent that money at. So from cross-shopping point of view, we're competing with everyone, which is why we need to make sure we have the best personal values out there. In terms of your... 
Michael O'Sullivan: It depends on the particular store, the particular market that we're looking at. Nationally, I think you could probably just pick our closest peers, and nationally, obviously, they would show up on that list. But the point I'm trying to make is, none of them account for a very large share of that list, that the list itself,  is very fragmented and spread between many, many competitors, which is why we need to make sure that we sharp versus all those competitors. The last part of your question though, big-box department stores going out of business, and how that affects any of our individual stores. It's really hard to say, because the truth is, that there are a lots of things that go into the business that an individual store does, including traffic levels to that strip mall, the competitive intensity in that strip mall. Sometimes actually having more off-price contenders, in that strip mall can actually be helpful. So it's hard to say whether or not a large retailer nearby going out of business helps us or hurts us. It depends who replaces them in that place, what happens to the traffic level in that strip mall, et cetera. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So the time that we brought down our average inventory per store by about 40% over the last several years does -- has presented us with a few opportunities to make the stores easier to shop, so we've certainly been doing that, expand into faster-growing or new categories, again, we've been doing that. And then as you're referencing, also to reduce the store size, obviously, that's feasible for new stores rather than existing stores, but we've also been doing that to some degree as well. So I would say that the lower inventory levels have given us the opportunity to do a number of things, with regard to the size of the store and how we use the space in the store. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. To be clear, I was just referring to the fact that the overall economy, there seems to be a number of, sort of concerns and questions out there about the overall economy, and we don't know to what degree that will impact retail in our business over the coming 12 months. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, that's actually one of the things, as we put together the budget for this year, as you'd expect, one of the things that we look at for any efficiencies, any areas of the DC, any processes in the DC that we can reengineer or automate, and certainly that's one of the areas that we've pursued in terms of coming up with offsetting savings. I would say it's just one of the areas. There are other areas in the company as well, such as stores, processes in stores, G&A, supply cost, et cetera, we've also looked aggressively at. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Sure. So we don't have any plans right now to launch a loyalty program. We're always willing to look at new ideas. But frankly, over time, we've found that the most effective way to build customer loyalty with the off-price customer is to consistently offer great deals, great bargains. So more than anything else, that's how we build loyalty. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I would say, Jeff that most of the port issues were really in the first quarter of last year. And given that timing, I think there would be very little that we bought that long ago, that could still be in packaway. That said, the port slowdowns could have had some knock-on effects in terms of inventory that became available in subsequent quarters. It's hard for us identify and quantify that, but certainly, anything that we bought in more recent quarters could well  still be in [indiscernible]. 
