Michael Balmuth: Good afternoon. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael Hartshorn, Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Connie Wong, Director of Investor Relations.  We'll begin with a review of our third quarter performance followed by our outlook for the upcoming holiday season. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. As noted in today's press release, third quarter sales were in line with our guidance, while earnings were better than expected, mainly due to an above-planned merchandise gross margin. Earnings per share for the third quarter of 2013 increased 11% to $0.80, up from $0.72. These results are on top of a 14% gain in the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter were $171.6 million, up from $159.5 million last year. Sales rose 6% to $2,398,000,000 with comparable store sales up 2% on top of a 6% gain in the prior year. For the first 9 months of 2013, earnings per share were $2.86, up from $2.46. These results represent a 16% increase versus 22% for the same year-to-date period in 2012. Net earnings grew to $619.4 million, up from $550.2 million for the first 9 months of 2012. Sales increased 8% to $7,489,000,000 with comparable store sales up 3% on top of a 7% gain for the same period in 2012.  Juniors and Missy sportswear were the strongest businesses during quarter, while Florida was the top-performing region. Operating margin of 11.3% was relatively flat to last year. As a percent of sales, an improvement in cost of goods sold was offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. John will provide additional color on these operating margin trends in a few minutes. As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up 7% over last year, while packaway levels were 45% of total inventories compared to 46% at this time in 2012. Average in-store inventories were down 2% at the end of the quarter, and we continue to target slightly lower selling store inventories for the balance of the year.  dd's DISCOUNTS had solid sales and improved profitability for the quarter, benefiting from our ongoing ability to operate the business on leaner inventory levels, while also flowing a larger percentage of fresh and exciting product to our stores. We also completed our store expansion program during the period with the addition of 88 Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS locations combined year-to-date. As usual, these numbers do not include about 10 older stores that will have been closed or relocated by the end of the year.  Now John will provide further color on our third quarter results and details on our updated guidance for the fourth quarter and the year. 
Michael Balmuth: Thank you, John. Our solid year-to-date financial results, especially on top of robust multiyear gains, reflect our ongoing ability to deliver compelling bargains to today's value-conscious customers. As we enter the fourth quarter, we face our own challenging comparisons along with ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic and political climates. In addition, more retailers are planning to open earlier than prior years on Thanksgiving Day, and there are 6 fewer shopping days in 2013 between Thanksgiving and Christmas. More importantly, a number of retailers have reported disappointing results over the past few quarters. We believe all of these factors combined will create the most intensely competitive and promotional holiday selling period in recent years.  To compete in this tougher climate, our merchants have acquired a wide array of exciting and sharply priced name-brand fashions and gifts to appeal to today's value-focused holiday shoppers. However, it is difficult to know if the compelling bargains we offer will be able to fully offset the impact of a more difficult external environment. As a result, while we hope to do better, we feel it is prudent to adopt a more cautious outlook for the fourth quarter.  I want to emphasize that despite these near-term headwinds the strategies that have driven our success over the longer term remain unchanged. Looking ahead, we will stay intently focused on the same key initiatives that have allowed our flexible off-price model to perform well in both healthy and more challenging retail landscapes. #1 is our ongoing commitment to strengthening our merchandising organization with investments in people, processes and technology. To maximize profitability, we will also continue to strictly control both inventories and expenses, fine-tune and upgrade our planning and allocation system and develop and implement further productivity enhancements and efficiencies throughout the company. We firmly believe that carefully and diligently executing these proven strategies will remain the key to maximizing our prospects for earnings and revenue growth over both the near and long term.  At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 
Michael Balmuth: Our packaway is performing at our expected levels. In looking and went [ph] through this in detail going into every selling period, we are not looking at any real risk in our packaway at all, okay? We feel very good about what we have coming out in packaway in fourth quarter and in early spring. And are we looking at any piece of our business that -- if I remember the third part of the question was are we looking at any piece of our business we're lacking confidence in? And I'd say no. I think -- we think we're fairly well prepared. 
Michael Balmuth: Usually it does. It certainly -- what it does is, one, we end up in strong buying position. Okay.  And some of that buying position will be utilized to flow in this season, some will be utilized to flow in 2014. So it all depends how severe and bloody it  gets. Okay. Remember, once -- it's a very short selling season this year between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So once the games begin, there's not a lot any of us can really do, and we run an every-day low-price business. We think we've anticipated what prices are going, but you never can be quite sure. 
Michael Balmuth: Certainly, you had the -- you had what happened nationally with the shutdown. So how much that played into that, I don't know. 
Michael Balmuth: The home performance, as you might remember, we went through some difficulty in home a while back, and we've been progressing on a plan to improve the business. And in the third quarter, it ran at the same rate as the company, and we see it continuing to make progress in Q4. We have it very well positioned for a gift business. It becomes -- it's an important part of our store all year round, but it gets a little more important in Q4. And we think we're continuing along, and we're satisfied with the progress we're making there. 
Michael Balmuth: I think basically what we've learned is go into these periods planned very conservatively, have a lot of open to buy. And typically there are buying opportunities within it, some of which we'll be able to use in that season, some of which or a considerable amount is able to be used for the following year. But it usually turns into a buying opportunity. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. Ladies was the strongest business in the store. And home, as I said, progressed nicely and ran with the company. And we saw some improvements in our shoe business. 
Michael Balmuth: And on the other part of the question, we're not looking at putting more of that back. We're very happy with the way this has worked, and it's all about flow of product to the stores. 
Michael Balmuth: I'm not sure. I would need you to elaborate on the question. I'm not sure of the pricing power point. 
Michael Balmuth: I'll put it another way. If it's not as promotional an environment, we should do better, okay, which is really what you're -- I think what you're asking. 
Michael Balmuth: Yes. I think the special size business is an important business. And certainly nationally the large size business is growing very rapidly. And so I probably would say that has a bigger opportunity for most people -- most retailers. 
Michael Balmuth: We don't know for sure. But our opinion is it's more macro, okay, in Q3. There really -- Q3 doesn't represent -- after you get through back-to-school,  our quiet shopping period, it's very weather dependent or kick off the fall season for whatever reason dependent. And so it's usually -- it can be a slower startup. And it was up for us. Plus, things just don't look that rosy out there. 
Michael Balmuth: Not a trade-down. We do our trade better. We sharpen our prices. Okay. And we execute -- we should execute more effectively, and we run our inventories tighter. That's what we do in off pricing. 
Michael Balmuth: Our seasonal business performed as we planned it,  okay, slightly better in some categories, a little -- not as good in others. But overall about how we planned it. 
Michael Balmuth: I don't know if I can help you understand it. I can tell you this is what we've done whenever we have felt the environment would be tricky, tricky being more promotional. We've tighten things up and got more conservative, and it's just served us very well. 
Michael Balmuth: I would say our marketing is slightly more aggressive than a year ago, and our inventories are more skewed towards gifting than a year ago, and that's across categories. 
Michael Balmuth: It's a very good buying market. Okay. And yes, there's a lot of opportunities. We're being very selective. Some of these opportunities we'll be using this season. Some of them we'll be using in 2014. But as business slows down, okay -- and you all see more than I do what's happened around us -- the supply lines obviously were not geared for that slowdown. So there was excess supply. 
Michael Balmuth: Well, thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in Ross Stores, and have a great holiday. 
John Call: Thank you, Michael. Our 2% comparable store sales gain in the third quarter was mainly driven by an increase in the size of the average basket. As Michael noted, third quarter operating margin was 11.3%. Although flat to last year, this was above planned, mainly due to 55 basis points in higher merchandise margin. This increase was partially offset as expected by about 35 basis points related to a lower shortage benefit. These results compare to last year when our physical inventory was better than expected and added about $0.02 of third quarter earnings per share. This year's fiscal inventories also reflect our ability to maintain record low shrink expense in line with reduced reserves and on top of significant improvements over the past several years. Occupancy costs during the quarter increased about 15 basis points while selling, general and administrative expenses delevered by about 10 basis points. Our stock repurchase program remains on track as we bought back 2 million shares in the quarter for a total purchase price of $145 million. As a result, year-to-date, we have repurchased 6.4 million shares for a total price of $421 million. We expect to buy an additional $129 million during the fourth quarter, keeping us on track to complete about $550 million of the 2-year, $1.1 billion program announced at the beginning of 2013. Let's turn now to our guidance for the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the 53rd week last year added about $149 million in sales and $0.10 in earnings per share to the 2012 fourth quarter and fiscal year. The extra week in 2012 also resulted in all fiscal quarters being 1 week later in 2013 versus the prior year. While this shift is relatively neutral for the full year, it added about 1% to fiscal sales growth in the first half. This benefit is reversing and reducing sales growth on a fiscal comparison and the comparison in the second half by about 1%. This impact is reflected in our third quarter results and is also embedded in the following fourth quarter guidance. As noted in today's press release, for the 13 weeks ending February 1, 2013, we are now projecting same-store sales to increase 1% to 2% and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.97 to $1.01. This compares to $1.07 for the 14 weeks ended February 2, 2013, which includes the aforementioned $0.10 benefit from last year's 53rd week.  For the fourth quarter of 2013, operating statement assumptions include the following. As I just mentioned, we are now forecasting a 1% to 2% increase in same-store sales. This projected growth is on top of challenging multiyear gains of 5% and 7% in the fourth quarters of 2012 and 2011, respectively. Factoring in new store growth along with 1 less week of sales versus last year, total sales for this year's 13-week quarter are projected to be down 1% to 2% from last year's 14-week period.  We are targeting fourth quarter operating margin to be down about 120 to 140 basis points to 12.3% to 12.5% as a percent of sales. About half of this decline is related to the estimated 65 basis point benefit from last year's fourth quarter from the 53rd week. The balance of the lower forecasted operating margin is mainly due to more conservative merchandise gross margin assumptions compared to the first 9 months of 2013. We would also expect some deleveraging on expenses as same-store sales only performed in line with our guidance for a 1% to 2% increase. We are planning no net interest expense in the quarter, and our tax rate is expected to be about 37%, and weighted average diluted shares outstanding are estimated to be about 214 million. Moving to our outlook for the full year. We are now projecting earnings per share for the 52 weeks ending February 1, 2014, to be in the range of $3.83 to $3.87. Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 
John Call: So, Neely, for the quarter, we don't comment specifically. But actually the first part of the quarter was a little more healthy than the second part of the quarter is what I'd say. 
John Call: Yes, I think it has to do with back-to-school season in the first part of the quarter, where people really have a reason to buy. With a back half of the quarter, there wasn't that compelling reason. 
John Call: Yes. So, obviously, as we tracked through the third quarter that changed our perspective on the fourth quarter. Going into the fourth quarter, we want to be priced appropriately with what we anticipate is a very promotional calendar. And with that, if we only do the 1% to 2% comp, there'd be a little falloff in leverage. 
John Call: So to that question, Roxanne, clearly the lower inventories we've done consider [ph] this with lower markdowns throughout the period and we had a little stronger price in the quarter as well. So those came together nicely for us during the quarter. As to any indications in February and what that might mean for the fourth quarter, we just don't comment -- excuse me, November, I'm sorry. We just don't comment on that. 
John Call: Sure. So we had a unique opportunity, we think, that gives us long-term control over that space in order to house what we believe is our most strategic asset, and that's our merchandise organization. We think it gives an opportunity to keep that group together in 1 centralized location in the heart of the garment district, which we think is incredibly important to us. We are currently working through the CapEx and financing going into 2014. We'll have more to say on that when we report our fourth quarter results. And the purchase actually, as indicated I think in the disclosures we made, will not be consummated until later on in 2014. 
John Call: Yes. So as we roll into the fourth quarter, we've mentioned that gross margin may be a little tougher than it's been year-to-date. We think we're going to be priced aggressively going into that quarter. We also have some deleverage of some of the other components of gross margin in buying staff, distribution expenses, et cetera. We just did want [ph] it to comp. 
John Call: So on the basket size, Marni, that was slightly -- -- could be mix issues. Obviously, we have lower markdowns. Retails are up slightly. So that drove a bit of the basket up. As to traffic counts, I think Michael alluded to the fact that traffic was flattish for the period. 
John Call: Oliver, as it relates to the guidance on the 1% to 2% comp, difficult for us to parse out whether it's traffic or it's ticket. What we try to do is make sure that we put the best offerings and the best bargains in the stores as possible and believe the customers will react to that. Difficult for us to try to predict what will happen between those 2 levers. 
John Call: It should be lower rent, Richard. And the centers we're looking at tend to be more urban areas. And maybe in their second or third generation of occupants tends to be at lower rent. 
John Call: Sure. Michael, the new distribution center is 1 will come on in kind of mid part of 2014. The other 1 in 2015. So although they might put a little pressure on 2014 distribution costs, they won't be that meaningful, and we'll have more to say about that when we issue guidance for 2014. 
John Call: No, not at all. I think the payables leverage that indicator has to do with timing. I think we're up 2 points from where we were last year. And packaway, it has to do when packaway come in, et cetera. So I won't read anything into that as to implication on gross [ph] in the fourth quarter. 
John Call: Thanks, Dana. I'll take that. As we mentioned, merchandise margin was up 55 basis points. And we had shrink was negative to the tune of 35 basis points. We talked about that in the written comments or the prepared comments. And occupancy was slightly down given the 2 comp. Everything else came in flattish to those numbers. For the fourth quarter, we're looking for merchandise margin to be more flattish as opposed to up where they have been. We also believe that there'll be pressure on occupancy and buying that we indicated. And if we only do the 1% to 2% comp, we should have some pressure on G&A as well. As we did mention in the prepared comments, we're looking for EBIT to delever 120 to 140 basis points, about half of that is due to this 53rd week issue we had in 2012. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Neely, on your second question, over the last several years, we've actually been pretty flexible our store opening hours in general. And within reason, we've sort of looked at sort of local circumstances on decisions about what time stores open. The same is true of Thanksgiving. As a chain, we're not opening early for Thanksgiving, but there are some stores that will be operating extended hours based upon the local circumstances that they're in. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Kimberly, you're right. Certainly, we were up against some pretty tough comps in the third quarter. So they're [ph] about 2% that we reported was on top of the 6% last year, and that itself was on top of a 5% the year before. So that's why we guided the way we did for the third quarter. In terms of how the quarter played out, as John said, there were more reasons for the customer to shop around back-to-school, but the third quarter is tricky. As the quarter goes on, there are few reasons for the customer to shop until the weather turns cold. On your point about -- or your question about geographically, yes, Florida was strong for us again this quarter. 
Michael O'Sullivan: And Brian, on your second question about new markets. Overall, the performance of our new markets was in line with that for the quarter and for the year. And we've only been in new markets for just over 2 years, but we're very happy with what we've been able to accomplish, and we remain very confident we're going to be able to build a strong business there over the long term. You mentioned micro-merchandising. That's certainly been one of the things that's helped us respond -- adjust assortments and respond to customer trends in that region. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So, Bridget, our marketing strategy and our marketing message has been very consistent over the years. The message is really that we offer the best value in apparel and home fashions all the time. There's no gimmicks, no spin, just a straightforward message. And we found that, that works pretty well with our customers. They understand the message. And when they come to the store, we kind of deliver on that message. So no real change in terms of the -- just the every day value message that we're providing for the customer. Now you mentioned social media. We have been experimenting and investing in social media over the last couple of years. We found historically that word of mouth is actually the best marketing that we have, and we found social media is a good vehicle to sort of promote word of mouth. So we've been doing a number of things in that space. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes, Jeff. dd’s had very solid sales growth during the quarter as Michael mentioned. We don't break out dd’s separately. It's not big enough, not material to the overall corporation. So we're very happy with dd’s performance. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Daniel, I don't think we think that. That sounds a bit more fine-tuned than I think we're capable of. But I think that -- what we look at is we look at our multiyear comparisons over the last 3 third quarters, 5% in 2011, 6% in 2012 and then 2% this year. So on a stacks basis, we think that lines up pretty well versus our competitors. And also just on a year-to-date basis I would say that we look pretty good versus our competitors. 
Michael O'Sullivan: So, John, there are really 3 things that have driven our operating margin over the last 2 years, lower markdowns from managing inventories more tightly, lower shrink from a bunch of initiatives we put in place and expense leverage on -- ahead of planned sales. I think that in each of those areas there might be some incremental upside. At this point, I think it'll be fairly small, but there'll be some incremental upside. So really most of the benefit from here on is from sales leverage. So our focus is really making sure we have the best merchandise and the best bargains in the stores with regards to that. 
Michael O'Sullivan: We're in the process of putting together our plans for next year, David. I think it's likely, but we haven't finalized the plans yet. I think it's likely that we'll trim inventories a little bit more. We think that's worked well for us. It's increased the freshness of the products in front of the customer. It's helped to drive sales and to drive margins. So I think we still think there's some opportunity there. But yes, it's smaller than the -- obviously, we've taken out close to 40% of inventory per store. So it'll be pretty small compared with that, but still some incremental opportunities. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Yes. Having been in the Midwest for about 2 years now, we're continuing to open stores. And I think you can expect for the next several years we'll continue to build out our presence in the Midwest, adding more markets in the Midwest over time. And in terms of California, California has been tracking pretty close to the chain for the year. 
Michael O'Sullivan: I think what we found, Mark, is as Michael said earlier,when we position ourselves relatively cautiously, when we keep our inventories tight, our expenses tight that actually if it's a promotional environment we can do okay, and we can hit our guidance. And actually if it turns out we're wrong, we've shown that we're pretty good at chasing business. And we hope the sales trend is stronger. 
Michael O'Sullivan: Richard, dd's has quite a distinct customer, target customer. So when we look to real estate locations, we are looking for quite a different demographic. And therefore, dd’s in most cases ends up being in a different center. There are some exceptions to that, where there's enough of the demographic to support it. But I would say in most cases dd's in a different location. 
