Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Steve, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. On today's call, I'd like to accomplish several things. First, we'll review our fourth quarter and year-end financial results. We'll then talk about our dividend increase and I'll give you an operational update on our businesses.  Now to the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $292 million or $1.21 per share compared with $280 million or $1.15 in the same period last year. For the full year 2011, we recorded earnings of approximately $1.4 billion or $5.62 per share compared with 2010 earnings of $739 million or $2.98 per share. On an adjusted basis, earnings for the full year 2011 were $1.1 billion, which excludes a gain of $277 million that we reported in the second quarter to reflect the write up in value of our investments in Chile and Peru. Adjusted earnings per share for the full year 2011 was $4.47 compared to $3.93 per share of adjusted earnings in 2010, which is an increase of 14%. I'm very pleased with our strong results in both the fourth quarter and for the year. Each of our businesses performed extremely well, enabling us to beat the upper end of our adjusted earnings per share guidance for 2011 which was $4.30.  Now regarding the dividend. I'd like to mention that earlier this morning, we announced that our Board of Directors have authorized a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend, which brings the annualized dividend to $2.40 per share. You may recall that last February, we also increased the dividend by more than 20%. The strong and growing operating cash flows from our utility and contracted infrastructure businesses, we expect to continue to grow the dividend while reinvesting capital to achieve above average long-term earnings growth.  Now let me hand it over to Joe so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results, beginning with Slide 4.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Joe. Now let me update you on some of the key activities within our businesses, starting with our California utility. Last month, hearings concluded in San Diego Gas & Electric's and Southern California Gas Company's general rate case proceedings. The schedule for the rate case, which was issued by the commission late last year, calls for a rate case decisions around March of this year. But now we expect the case to be resolved later than what had been set forth in the original schedule. The commission has yet to issue a revised proceeding scheduled, but opening brief have been schedule for April while reply briefs are due in May. It is important to mention that the revenue requirement established in the rate cases will be retroactive to January 1, 2012. And I'd also note that until a final decision is reached, we'll be recording revenues based on currently authorized levels. In the quarter, in which a final decision is reached, we'll record the retroactive increase in earnings since the beginning of the year. Moving to some of the major capital projects. At San Diego Gas & Electric, construction of Sunrise Powerlink is now more than 75% complete and we continue to expect that it will be going into service in the second half of this year.  Turning to our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. Last week, Commissioner Florio released a proposed schedule, which calls for hearings during the summer and briefs due in October of this year. We're also waiting for the commission to authorize a memorandum account to track the project cost. Now, I'd like to take you to Slide 11. On renewables business, construction has begun on the 150-megawatt expansion of the Copper Mountain Solar project in Nevada. In December, the CPUC approved our 25-year contract to sell the power generated by the plant to PG&E. We expect to complete 92 megawatts by the end of January 2013, and we'll bring the remaining 58 megawatts into service by 2015.  Also in December, we agreed to partner with BP Wind to jointly develop 2 projects that will have a combined capacity of 560 megawatts at a total cost of $1 billion. These projects include the 419-megawatt Flat Ridge 2 project in Kansas and the 141-megawatt Mehoopany project in Pennsylvania. Both projects are expected to be completed by the end of this year. These 2 projects will more than double the amount of operating net wind capacity at our U.S. Gas & Power business, all of which is in partnership with BP Wind.  We now have nearly 1,000 megawatts of renewables project either in operation, under construction or contracted. We've made tremendous strides in the development of our renewables business and is a great example of how we've been able to leverage an existing asset decision to drive future growth.  Now let's go on to the final slide. I am very pleased to the results of all of our businesses for both the quarter and the year. Adjusted earnings per share grew by 14% in 2011, and we exceeded our financial outlook for the year. While our new 2012 earnings per share guidance of $4 to $4.30 was negatively impacted by $0.40 due to the move to new solar accounting method, the change provides more consistent and growing earnings going forward as we develop our solar portfolio. And with strong business unit growth and performance, we expect to grow our earnings per share at a compound annual growth rate of 6% to 8% over the longer term.  Finally, I'd like to remind you that we'll be holding our Annual Analyst Conference here at San Diego on March 29. At the conference, we'll provide an update on the strategic direction of the company, and we'll provide an overview of our earnings outlook and capital program at that time.  I'll leave the details for March, but we expect to show you a plan that generates above average earnings growth, which when combined with our competitive dividend, provides a compelling investment opportunity. With that, I'll stop and open up the call to take any questions.
Debra L. Reed: Well, Stephen, when we set the dividend level -- the Board, obviously, sets the dividend level. But one of the things we looked at is the long-term earnings growth that we have in our 5-year plan that we'll be showing you at the analyst conference. And as we mentioned, we see 6% to 8% growth in that plan. So we believe that there's still upward potential for that dividend. It may be slightly less than the earnings growth that we have in that plan, but we could still have that 50% payout ratio, 45% to 50%, on a long-term basis and continue to have some growth in the dividend.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, and you will see this, and we're not going to go through the details of the 5-year plan here on this call, but the 6% to 8% that we've quoted reflects in the -- bottoms up strategic review of our businesses, the repatriation scenario and all the things that we're reflecting in our business plans going forward, which we'll share with you in detail in March.
Debra L. Reed: Well, Leslie, there's actually 2 different things going on, and you correctly indicated that they are separate items. The item where we changed the accounting method for 2012, that's about $0.40 a share. We'll go through the details with you in the analyst presentation because we really have to build up on what solar projects we were planning in each of the years. And so there's some variability in that from year-to-year, but $0.40 is a pretty reasonable number to use for that. And in separate and apart from that is the decision to repatriate, which we would begin in 2013. And we would then be able to see what happens with all the tax law changes potentially and all, but begin the repatriation there and would take a reduction in our earnings outlook for 2013 of about $0.30 related to that. Joe, did you want to add anything...
Debra L. Reed: One thing I do want to stress that Joe mentioned is that, that there's very little cash tax. It's deferred tax, and so the earnings that we talked about with the $0.30 starting in 2013 is not a cash tax amount. It's a deferred tax amount.
Debra L. Reed: As we record that, it'll be shown every year. It'll be recurring as a deferred tax item that we'll be recording. As I mentioned, we won't be paying the cash taxes because we'll have a net operating loss, and so those cash taxes for the most part are deferred for 5-plus years. Joe, I don't know if you want to add anymore to that...
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I would say, we will go through this in detail at the analyst conference and go through some examples and also that you'll be able to see the effect of this.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we will show you, when we see you in March and what we've shown you before, which is the 5-year growth rate. And the growth rate is not going to be necessarily even in each of these years. It's not necessarily a linear function. And I so I don't want to leave you with that impression. But over the 5-year period, we're looking at 6% to 8% growth in our plan over the 5-year period of time, and we'll be able to show you how that occurs. And what fills in that growth, and a lot of it, if you look at our 2 utilities as an example, over the 5 years, SoCalGas is going to grow at about 7.5%. And SDG&E over 5%. So you have a lot of it embedded in projects that have already been approved at our utilities or are in the regulatory process of our utilities, then we'll go through all of that at the analyst conference.
Debra L. Reed: That's correct. The 6% to 8% growth over the 5-year plan period includes the impact of everything we've talked about today. And it also includes the bottom-up review of all of our businesses. And as an example, if you look at what we talked about with the forecast for 2012 in our guidance, we would have been at $4.40 to $4.70. It was $0.10 higher than where we were last year based upon the performance of our businesses but then that's reduced by the $0.40 from the change of accounting method which, again, has no economic effect on the business. But we've heard from a lot of you that you would like to have a better sense, not to have to time when these projects go into service precisely. And so this allows for that type of greater predictability. All of that's incorporated, the repatriation is incorporated. And with all of that, we're looking at 6% to 8% growth over the 5-year time frame.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we're going to hold off to go through the 2013 numbers at the Analyst Meeting. The only thing that we wanted to do was to let you all know that we were making this change, so we didn't surprise you with that at the Analyst Meeting. So we wanted you to know we're changing in terms of repatriation and the rationale behind that. Again it's a good economic decision for us because we have this net operating losses that we can use now by doing this, and we just wanted to give you awareness of that. We will go through all the details at the Analyst Meeting.
Debra L. Reed: I'm not going to give you the '16 target until we get to the Analyst Meeting. But I think your calculations do make sense, and we'll go through the details of '16 and what our estimates are at the Analyst Conference. But your methodology is how we get to our 6% to 8%.
Debra L. Reed: The main thing that happened, of course, in pipes and storage, is we acquired the South American utilities in April of last year. And that, that business -- those utilities performance will be ongoing, and we'll have a full year's effect of that this year. So when you look at the earnings in pipes and storage and the significant increase there, it's largely from the acquisition.
Debra L. Reed: Let me have Mark talk about that because this -- clearly, as part of our strategic review, we have looked at every market and we have looked at every asset, and we've done a full assessment. And so let me have Mark just comment on that and again, we'll be going through a lot of this detail at the Analyst Day.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. In terms of that, we filed for and received the U.S. free-trade export license from DOE already in January. And we also filed separately for the non-FTA countries, which is now pending. We also have to file a FERC permit, which we would expect to do sometime around the second quarter of this year. And that's likely to take 12 to 18 months. So that's kind of the timeline we're on.
Debra L. Reed: Thank you, Michael. It's nice to speak with you this morning. In terms of the rate case, as you mentioned, we have a history of settling our cases, and the thing that I would note it that while the numbers between ourselves and the DRA staff may seem large on the surface, when you start drilling into them, there are a lot of the things that have been litigated time and time again in rate cases. They deal with what's the relative level of compensation or they deal with how we account for certain depreciation of asset. So there are issues that have been raised multiple times in rate cases. They have been litigated and/or settled and settled in the favor of how we filed them in the rate case. So I don't feel like we're truly as far apart as it might seem when you look at the filings that have been made by the parties and ourselves. We have been in discussions with parties. But I also say, we have a strong case. We completed the hearings in January. And if we're not able to reach a settlement that we think is the right amount for us to operate our business safely and effectively, then we are fine going through the regulatory process. But we do have a history, as you mentioned, of settling, and we always like to be able to try to work with the parties and see if we can't come up with a resolution that works for everyone.
Debra L. Reed: Okay, let me try to hit the major categories. We have at the gas company the gas cost incentive mechanism, and that is remaining in place. In fact, we've just got a draft decision this week, granting or recommending that we receive the incentive from what we filed last what year. And then we have a storage incentive mechanism at the gas company that allows us to market storage and to the extent we recover more than our embedded cost and there's a sharing mechanism on that. In terms of energy efficiency, that is up for review right now by the commission as to what is going to be a mechanism for energy efficiency going forward. And so we're not quite certain as to what the mechanism will ultimately be, but that is something that's up for review. And then at SDG&E, we also have a gas PBR mechanism similar to what we have at SoCalGas. And so those are the key mechanisms that are still in place.
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you know, we have exceptional land position. And that -- as an example at ESJ in Northern Mexico, we have a project now that is just the first phase and maybe about 10% of the total capacity potential to be built at that location. That is for approval at the commission on March 8. So that there is some great opportunity there for wind potentially to grow. We have land positions adjacent to our power plants in Arizona and Nevada, and then we have a land position in Central California, all of which we will participate in RFPs and be able to bid out. And then we have some partnerships that we've formed where we work with other companies as we have with BP to take partner projects that they have and us be a 50-50 partner. Mark, I don't if you want add any more color to that.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I would just say that I wouldn't see a big disconnect between cash flow and earnings over the period of time. If anything, the cash flow should be a little bit higher for the tax reasons that we talked about. And some of our assets are cash flow positive, but they're not producing stronger earnings. So I would say that for the purposes of where we are today, we'll go through that again at the Analyst Meeting. The purposes of where we are today to assume they're relatively parallel.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I'd say our board looks at this every year. And the decision that they made this year with a larger increase in dividend was not predictable last year. But if you just kind of look at our earnings and you look at getting to a 50%, 45%, 50% payout ratio, you can envision the opportunity over the 5-year growth rate that we have that we should be able to continue to increase the dividend at some level that's slightly less than our earnings growth rate. So I mean, I think that we'll show you some of this when you show you the 5-year earnings growth rate and we'll show you the earnings and then you can kind of look at that dividend payout ratio and figure for yourself about how much greater it can be over the period of 5 years.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The $0.30 per share, it continues. It doesn't increase, but it basically continues. We'd factored the time is based upon the amount you repatriate that year and what, if you're repatriating $30 million -- $300 million a year every year, then you'll have that hit for that one year for the deferred tax on the amount you're repatriating. So as long as you're repatriating, and let me just clarify, as long as your repatriating, then you would have that. If we decided to repatriate in 2013 and then something changed our view and we elected not to repatriate in 2014, then we would not have that $0.30 again in 2014. When we do have a lot of flexibility in this as to how we choose to repatriate, and when we make those elections.
Debra L. Reed: Well, the memo account, we're anticipating sometime in the first half of the year getting the memo account established. And the assigned, Commissioner Florio, basically set the schedule for the proceeding that would have the closing brief filed in October, hearings in the summertime and then closing briefs in October. But we would expect the memo account to be put in place before that time. The other thing that was very positive is that in his decisions setting forth the procedural schedule, he encouraged us, once the memo account was established, to begin the rate collection of that so that there was not spikiness in terms of the rate recovery. So I think you'll see some movement in the first half of this year on the memo account in the latter half of this year, early next year, on the whole termination or completion of the preceding.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, in terms of what we would do in '12, it wouldn't be a great amount in '12. It would certainly be less than $100 million. And a lot depends on the timing of the memo account. But I would not anticipate a lot of expenditures in '12. It would be more of a ramp up. And then in '13, we will begin.
Debra L. Reed: What we have for pipeline safety spend, we had $1.4 billion over the 5-year period of our plan. And as I said, when we did the 2012 numbers, we did a bottoms-up for 2012. So we looked at the situation that we feel that we're in today and what we think is going to happen today, and we redid our guidance for 2012. So whatever was in 2012 would now be deferred most likely to 2013. And that the total amount is still anticipated at $1.4 billion over a 5-year period.
Debra L. Reed: No, those plans are still in existence. And when we've done with our 5-year plan, we've incorporated the requirements to have that growth. We're still looking at transmission projects. We're building the hydro project right now in Peru that should be online at around 2013. And we have other hydro projects in Peru that we're bidding on, as well as transmission projects in Chile. Those projects are still incorporated in our plan, and we have the ability through operating cash flow from those businesses and local debt. We talk about the fact that those businesses really don't have any debt on them. And that we really feel that there's a preferred capital structure for those businesses where we would pay off some of the U.S. debt with the repatriated dollars and have local debt on those businesses, which make more sense for the projects that we're doing. So that's the way we will structure those projects in more of the kind of cap structure we'd like to see there in the long-term.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'm not saying that it's going to -- I think, I've made a comment before, and I'll restate it. Our growth is going to be 6% to 8% over a 5-year time frame. And that there will be some unevenness in that growth from -- not every year is going to be 6% to 8% over their prior year. Some years maybe 3%, some years maybe 9%. And a lot of that has to do when projects come in, especially some of our renewable projects and when they start providing earnings. And so that we've never grown evenly. If you'd kind of look at our historical growth, it's been over a longer-term time frame that we give you the projections. And then when we see you at the end of March, we will give you the projections as we have and what our growth rate is over the longer term and then what we expect it to be in each of the early years.
Debra L. Reed: We're not giving 2013 guidance today. And so I'd rather wait and go through all of that with the total plan at the Analyst Conference. We've given you the 2012 guidance, which is what we always do on this call, and then when we get to the Analyst Meeting, we will go through and lay out for you what our expectations are over the 5-year time frame and in 2012, 2013.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean, what we've assumed is that we would have the $300 million a year repatriated every year over the time frame of the 5 years. And even with that, that we would have a 6% to 8% growth rate over that 5-year time frame.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Again, the way -- yes. The way we've looked at it is we've calculated the growth over that 5-year plan, and it includes the change in solar accounting and it includes the repatriation.
Debra L. Reed: And we look at it over the 5-year and, we said that, that compound annual growth rate over that 5-year period will be 6% to 8%. Now that doesn't mean that every year grows 6% to 8% over the prior year. It's not always even. But if you look at it over the 5-year time frame, then the average growth rate, the CAGR and earnings, ends up being 6% to 8% over that 5-year period.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The other thing I would say is that we're not going to give you the 2013 number today. But it's always positive growth. We're not going to have a decline in growth over the period of time. But it's not always going to be 6% to 8% year-over-year-over-year on a linear basis. But it will always be a positive growth, even taking into account the $0.30.
Debra L. Reed: Well, Peru and Chile have growth rate of about 6% to 8%. And that's been the historical growth rate and that's kind of the projected growth rate, without some of the special projects. And that's just inherent in the basic utility business there is that you're running around 6% to 8% growth in total electric demand in those 2 countries and then about 3% to 4% customer growth each year. And then in addition to that, we have these special projects like the hydro project and transmission project.
Debra L. Reed: I'll cover the high level and then ask Joe to add anything he wants to. As we said, really, the dividend is secondary for the use of this cash, that the majority of this cash is used for debt repayment in the U.S. And what we're trying to do is repay off some of the U.S. debt and then have some local debt established in Chile and Peru and Mexico for the projects that we're doing there so that the leverage in each of those countries has the kind of cap structure that we want to have eventually. That is the way that those businesses should be structured there. They're very underleveraged right now in each of those locations. We'd rather have local debt. We think there's a lot of good reason for having local debt in those countries, and then we'd like to be able to bring this back while we have these net operating losses so that we can repay some of the U.S. debt.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, you have to look at too what our capital spending is for the 5-year period. And we're looking at spending something like close to $14 billion of capital during that period of time, mostly in our utilities. And so that -- and this is what we'll go through at the Analyst Meeting because you really need to look at this in terms of the 5 years, what the capital spending is, what the repayment of debt is, what the growth is in our international businesses and see it on our composite basis, which we'll show you at the Analyst Meeting. But principally, to keep our credit stats strong and all, we're intending to use the funds that we repatriate to pay off debt, and then we will be issuing other debt as needed for our capital projects to fund this incredible growth that we have with really great projects.
Debra L. Reed: Well, in this 5-year plan, another year is added to it. And there are some additional projects that we will have obviously, in that extra year. But what I want to leave you with is the growth will continue in our South American businesses. We'll be able to fund that and we'll be able to create a capital structure there that are appropriate for those businesses and fund the growth that we showed you last year in those businesses, including transmission and generation projects. And then we will repatriate and use the cash to pay off debt, and we'll most likely leverage up those utilities internationally and get the cap structure they should have and produce -- and have more debt than internationally. And then the cash will be used to pay off debt here, so you're basically paying your leverage in a country where you're doing business and bringing back the cash and paying off U.S. debts.
Debra L. Reed: Okay, if there are no further questions then, I'd like to thank you again for joining us on this morning's call. And if you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to call Steve, Scott or Victor, and have a great day. Thank you very much.
Joseph A. Householder: No, think that's right. I think over to 5 years, it's a $0.25 to $0.35 for the repatriation cash. It's not cash tax, it's book tax. We'll have a very small cash tax on that. But we'll have book earnings impact of $0.25 to $0.35 over that 5-year period.
Joseph A. Householder: When we get to the first quarter, now that we're on the new method in Q1, when we report our results for the 10-Q, we will have to go back and recast the prior year's but it's fairly small. But what you saw in 2011 is under the old method, under the flow-through method, but all of 2010 and 2011 will be recast under this method.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Faisal, this is Joe. That's correct. We have an average tax rate on all of our foreign income that's accumulated throughout all the periods of around 20%. So to bring it back and pay Federal and California taxes is about another 20%, let's say.
Joseph A. Householder: I think that's right. Michael, I'll just add this. I mentioned that we intend, in 2013, to start bringing back current earnings from some of the subsidiaries and our expectation is about $300 million for several years in a row, at least. And so if you think about the book tax effect of that might be about 20% of $300 million for several years in a row.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, Michael, this is Joe. I'll just try to do it with a rough example. If you spend $100 million under the investment credit method, you would reduce your tax basis by 1/2 of that investment credit of 30. So then you have to book a deferred tax liability, we'll call it 35% of that difference, about $5 million, and then you have $30 million of ITC. So you book the $25 million benefit on the $100 million that you spent. Under the new method, the book basis goes down by the whole ITC, so it goes down by 30. That tax still goes down by 15 and you actually a book a deferred tax benefit of 5. So you're booking 5 instead of 25 in that first year. That's just the one-time sort of 5% of the cost, you're booking it right then.
Joseph A. Householder: Your $30 million will reduce depreciation. It's not going through the income line. It's going to reduce depreciation over the 25 or so years, 25-year life of the project.
Joseph A. Householder: Okay. Thanks, Debbie. Yes, Paul, exactly what Debbie was saying, this started out in our strategic review and our capital allocation process and looking at the international operations, what their requirements were, the very low debt-to-cap ratios we have in those countries and then the overall tax position as Debbie articulated. And we took all that into the account. Then we thought about, well, what would be the effect if there were a change in tax policy. So what we've decided to do, and this is why we're announcing it now, is we want to let you know is that we were thinking about doing this in 2013. We would like to be able to see what happens with the election. See what happens with tax policy. It's not clear to me that very much will happen, but there's a lot of people talking about it. But what we intend to do is start taking the earnings effect of it in 2013 but probably not actually repatriate the cash until the end of the year, which gives us a long runway from now until the end of 2013 to see exactly what's going to happen with tax reform. If anything happens, it's likely that if it's going to benefit us, we'll know that, and then we would be repatriating anyway. As Debbie said, we have more cash buildup there than we need to even grow those earnings at 6% or 8% and towards the top of that range. So this -- a repatriation build that would allow cash to come back at lower rates would benefit us more. If it goes the other way and something like the President's proposal that came out, and says you're going to have to pay a minimum tax even if you don't bring the money, then what we're doing now even makes more sense. We might as well bring it here and use it in the U.S. and use up these tax assets that we have sooner than we would otherwise use them.
Joseph A. Householder: There were up couple of a onetime things that I think were mentioned that there was some gains from some cash, some U.S. dollars we held in Chile at the time. It's not there anymore. But originally, it was there. And there was some foreign exchange gain of about $10 million and we had some Mexican tax benefits in that business also. So there's a roughly $20 million in there that was I would say more a onetime than continuing.
Joseph A. Householder: Just a minute, Michael, let me grab that. 2012, let's say our GAAP tax rate is going to be around 30%. Cash tax rate will be fairly low. I don't have a percentage, but we would have a modest Californian tax and probably between California and our foreign businesses, maybe around $100 million of tax.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, this is Joe. We're expecting, depending on how this plays out, but assuming the status quo, we would probably repatriate about $300 million a year, to around 2018.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. We have several years of net operating losses that we could absorb. And then we also have renewable energy credits that we can use.
Joseph A. Householder: This is Joe. I think you'll probably referring to when Mark was talking about how much cash we had available, including that was prior to the acquisition of the South American utilities. So we have basically brought back or used in investment cash. There's not any big amounts of cash sitting there today. We have very low debt-to-cap ratios, as I mentioned. So we have the ability to grow those. We're not going to repatriate funds that we needed there to grow the business, and we also have the ability to borrow there if we want to fund additional investments beyond their really good growth that they have.
Joseph A. Householder: The 2010 and 2011, the financials will just be recast as if we had been on the other method in the prior years. And so there'll be slightly higher earnings over the next 25 years because we're moving those credits going forward into the future years.
Joseph A. Householder: There's no onetime effect in 2012 or 2013 of it. There's the continuing slow amortization of the ITC over the 25-year life.
Joseph A. Householder: I'm not sure where -- how you're computing that number, but we'll go over this at the Analyst Conference [indiscernible].
Joseph A. Householder: And then -- it's Joe. Just to confirm, the repatriation is in the plan from 2013 through the remainder, not in 2012, but 2013 going forward.
Joseph A. Householder: Chris, we expect that debt U.S. ratio to stay about the same. We have really solid growth. In our view, look, money is fungible. So whether repayment of debt or spending it on your projects, right now for the first few years, we're spending more than our free cash flow. So we're increasing debt in the early years and paying some in the later years. But we're roughly keeping our debt in that ratio about the team, and we're looking at our credit statistics and making sure we have strong credit ratings.
Mark A. Snell: Right. Faisal, it's Mark. Your intuition is correct. I mean, we did have a small loss on the fossil fuel fleet. Although in our plans going forward, we expect to operate that fleet profitably even on a GAAP basis, kind of a break even to slightly positive, and certainly very positive on a cash flow basis. And then we also have the earnings from the fossil fuel -- from the renewable fleet in addition to that. But we'll get into the details of that at the Analyst Conference and we'll show you those numbers.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, with respect to Tangguh, we renegotiated the contract and where we ended up with is, we allowed our partners to have more flexibility to divert cargoes, and we were compensated for allowing that extra flexibility. And that offset the effect of lower gas prices on our plan going forward. So all in all, it was a positive for them, and it actually is a positive for us to because we have a guaranteed number of deliveries. It's a small number, but it's the total amount we need to keep the plant cool. And we're also allowed to divert a cargo to other our facility in the Gulf, which eliminates the need to buy an expensive cargo there to keep that plant cool. So I think, all in all, the renegotiation, it's always kind of trite to say that it's a win-win but it's truly one that would turn out better for both parties.
Mark A. Snell: Well, we're not disclosing what the financial impact of the contract is. But you'll see it in the LNG numbers when we do the Analyst Conference.
Mark A. Snell: Good question, Mark. Let me talk to you a little bit at how we're looking at these assets, and I think it will be indicative of kind of our entire strategic review process. The first thing we're doing is we are doing a fairly thorough market review of what we think those assets would sell for in the marketplace. And we're just about done with that with respect to the plants. And then as we figure out what that number is, then we look at what we believe our earnings from those operations will be. And we then, frankly, do a very simple calculation and say that if we got those proceeds, could we do better in other parts of our business? And we're kind of making that evaluation right now. But if we can think we can do better someplace else with that money, we're likely to move it into another part of the business. If we think that the current market just doesn't put enough value on those and we're getting an extraordinary return on the value we can get, we're likely to hold them for a while until that situation changes. Obviously, we wouldn't do that if we thought it was going to get worse. But if we thought it was going to get better, we'd continue to hold them. And we're making that, and we'll probably have some of those decisions done by the Analyst Conference. But we are looking at those. We put everything on the table, and it's just a way that we're thinking about it right now. And, frankly, I think we're in -- it's that process that just continues to move forward.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I just would say I think it is a very robust pipeline that we have. And I think we'll continue to grow the business at significant rates. And it's a very profitable business for us. About look at all of our options down the line with respect to renewables, I think we're pretty excited about where it can take us and where it'll go. There's all kinds of options with respect to capital availability and things, where we can put very -- continue to put very little capital into it and get great earnings and great returns.
Mark A. Snell: Well, we just did a large acquisition so we don't have -- we used up a lot of our cash. But we are, like Joe just said, too, we don't have a lot of leverage overseas. And so we have a lot of borrowing capacity.
