Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Jeff. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter loss of $561 million or $2.11 per share. These results include the impairment charges, primarily related to our U. S. natural gas storage business, which we discussed at our Analyst Day. This compares to the second quarter 2017 earnings of $259 million or $1.03 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $361 million or $1.35 per share. This compares to the second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $276 million or $1.10 per share. Let’s turn to the next slide where I’ll discuss the key drivers impacting our quarterly results. Our adjusted quarter results were primarily driven by the following; $114 million of earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment due to the acquisition of our interest in Oncor in March of 2018; and $46 million of higher earnings at the Sempra Mexico segment, primarily due to favorable foreign currency and inflation related impact net of hedges. This is partially offset by $81 million, primarily related to higher interest expense and preferred dividends at parent, which includes the impact of the Oncor acquisition financing. With these results, we are reaffirming our 2018 adjusted earnings guidance of $5.30 to $5.80 per share and GAAP guidance of $1.78 to $2.28 per share but we continue to monitor the peso movements relative to our guidance assumptions. Please turn to the next slide and I’ll hand it back over to Jeff.
Trevor Mihalik: Stephen, the only other thing I’d add really is one of the things once Cameron comes online that is a significant change in the cash flows for the organization, which will certainly support the FFO to debt metrics. And so depending on what we monetize the wind and the solar assets for could significantly help with the growth prospects. And again, what we laid out at the analyst conference with regards to the $15 billion capital plan and the incremental equity offering that we just completed, we believe over the period of time, we will be in a position to support our investment grade plus credit rating.
Trevor Mihalik: They have come out and recently published on us. And as Jeff said, they have given us a period of time as a result of the Oncor acquisition and the Oncor financing associated with that. That over a period of time, we could get to the appropriate equity structure of 6535. And while we have done the equity offerings, a lot of those are under forward contracts. And so the expected proceeds will come in over time. And so the agencies gave us approximately 18 months to get the Oncor financing in place. And then of course it also -- like we said earlier, the proceeds from the expected sale will also have a significant impact.
Trevor Mihalik: Right now the repatriation that we announced with $1.6 billion over five years with, call it roughly 400 to 500 coming in 2018, none of that cash is coming from Mexico, that's all cash coming from Chile -- or none of its coming from Chile, it's coming from Peru and Mexico. So the cash and we're going to be using for the investment in that transmission lines is just cash that is the cash in Chile.
Trevor Mihalik: Well again I would just say on the $1.87 billion, the impairment was roughly $1.5 billion associated with that and then 900 after-tax. On the tax basis for those assets, you can assume that the tax basis is actually fairly low in those assets, mostly from bonus depreciation and then also on the wind side associated with a lot of those, and we’ve sold down half of the interest on the wind side through the tax partnership structures.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot Trevor. I want to emphasize that execution of our strategic plan to create long-term shareholder value remains top of mind. In the near term, our management team is focused on the following items: Resolving our general rate cases, executing the sale of our U.S. wind, U.S. solar and certain U.S. midstream assets, progressing the construction of Cameron and advancing our California wildfire risk mitigation strategy. Also, I’d like to take that opportunity to again thank everyone who participating in recent equity offering, the shareholder support we receive is important to us in terms of delivering our long-term vision of delivering quality growth and value creation. With that, we’ll conclude our prepared remarks and start to take your questions.
Jeff Martin: I’ll give you a few comments and then pass it to Trevor. But in general, we’ve been impressed from time-to-time about what is your specific FFO to debt target. And as you know, we spent a lot of time choreographing our strategic plan with all three credit rating agencies. I think what we’ve tried to do really is make sure that we are very, very clear that we expect to maintain an investment grade plus credit rating. I think the second thing we tried to do is spend a lot of time explaining where we were a decade ago, where we’d exposure to IPP businesses, where we’d exposure to commodity businesses and how we pretty concerted effort of trying to high-grade the portfolio where we can have a lot more transparency about our future cash flows. We really found that to be around the transmission distribution type of assets. So what we've done in Texas, we announced that we recently had in Chile this is really the ongoing focus. And what that's really resulted in is the type of dialog and conversations you see come out of Moody’s where they are open minded about reducing our overall risk profile. So our goal is to make sure that we’re really doing everything as a business in terms of cash flows, repatriation and divestitures to support the type of growth initiatives you’re referring to. I’ll stop there and see Trevor if you want to add any comments to that.
Jeff Martin: Well, I’m glad you asked that question and obviously this is top of mind to lot of investors. I’ll provide a couple of comments and ask Joe to provide some comments as well. I think the way I thought about Stephen is last fall it was really a process of problem identification. Obviously, the CPUC ruled on our WEMS decision, which put a lot of this in play in terms of how people thought about the problem. In the first quarter of 2018, there was a large education process. I think part of that was really aimed at making sure that people understood that this was not a problem, it was unique to the California investor-owned utilities, the impacted municipals, impacted the residential communities’ ability to procure insurance, it had a broad impact to the state. And I think one of the things we could be more pleased about now is to see the type of leadership coming out of both houses of the legislature the governor has really stepped forward. And I think the conversation today is less about one particular bill number or one particular assembly bill number, and really about the value what’s taking place in the conference committee. So there's a committee meeting tomorrow on safe and reliable energy grid and there's a committee meeting on Thursday on inverse condemnation and electric utilities. I think the dialogue has progressed to the point that is right where it should be. We’ve got the right people focused on the right issues, it’s being redefined more broadly as a statewide issue and not an investor and utility issue and I think that's part of my calls for optimism. Now I’ll see Joe if you like to supplement that.
Jeff Martin: As I mentioned this in my prepared remarks and obviously we went -- took a team back to New York. Jesse Cohen is the Head of the National Practice and that’s who I’ve been dealing with directly. I think all of the conversations you expect us to be having they’re being had, the conversations are quite constructive. And I think that the most important thing is the issues that we’re all focused on are the right issues. It’s really around making sure that we’re continuing to try to find a way to not only have an identity ventures with Elliott Bluescape but also making sure we’re thinking of the interest of all of our shareholders. So I am actually quite optimistic that the tone of the conversations are good, all the right people are engaged and I remain very optimistic about it.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate that question, because we spent a little bit of time at the analyst conference talking about how much time we’ve been spending with the credit rating agencies, a lot of that as you know, was as we approach the Oncor transaction last summer we had laid out our long-term plans with a view of making sure that we can accommodate that type of transaction. So we've always been fairly high touch with respect to the credit rating agencies. But over the last nine months, in particular, it's been a very engaged process. So when we got to analysts conferences, it’s really about laying out the fact that, yes, we're doing all the right things to make sure that we're managing our cash flows and supporting our balance sheet and I've talked about some of those. But it was also about making sure that we got the message across about what impact our focus on the portfolio should have to our risk profile. And I think that's reflected in what Moody's said. So it's probably less about whether we've created a cushion or not created a cushion. We need to make sure that we're executing the way that we've laid it out, because we do think there's a lot of opportunities in front of us and making sure we're very closely aligned with agencies is important to us.
Jeff Martin: And what I would add to that, Steve, too is I think part of the value here, just like as management communicates with The Street, part of it is making sure that when you sit down to credit rating agencies, you deliver what you tell them you're going to deliver. So just last year we actually exceeded our FFO to debt metrics, which was one of our goals. We set out some goals about the targeted capital structure, not only do we deliver, we delivered it early and that's one of the things we're trying to make sure is that we follow through on these types of things. I think the wildcard continues to be the issues that Stephen raised which is what takes place with the California regulatory environment. So I would expect that the agencies will be very much geared to seeing what takes place in the legislative environment. And that really was one of the wildcards that was not factored in last fall when we were talking about the Oncor transaction. So part of this is to stay closely aligned, deliver what we think is some improvements from the legislation going forward. And I think there is some alignment in the state to do that.
Jeff Martin: I'll kick this off and pass it to Joe, but let me just start with Total. I think I may have mentioned this at the conference. But when we were at the World Gas Conference with Octavio and Joe, we have a chance to have dinner with Patrick Pouyanne at Total. And I am personally impressed with them as a company. I said him up in my prepared remarks I think it's a very well led company. And I think they have a very ambitious view of an integrated natural gas strategy. They've targeted having about 40 million tons per annum as part of their portfolio by 2020, both balanced between roughly half of that being equity owned gas. So that’s a conversation we’re going to continue. And I think we’re glad to have them as a partner at Cameron. And certainly, they’ve even said publicly that they’re very interested to participate in the expansion process there. So as you think about the marketing activities, I view Cameron, one, is more of relationship management and advancing the interest of our existing customers at that facility. And then in terms of the larger issue you’re raising about China and tariff issues, at this point, it’s tough to -- maybe even premature to forecast the impacts of that. But I think what I am a little bit confident about is LNG is an important part of China’s future. We certainly see that as the key field that will help push coal off of their grid. And frankly, the United States will always be one of the lowest cost suppliers and we think this just bodes well for the future. But I’ll pass it on to Joe to see if he’ll make any more comments about the marketing impacts.
Jeff Martin: I think there’s about three questions in there, Julien. So let me make a rundown. I think that I would probably decouple this first issue of whether this 16% to 17% is tied to the divestitures. The 16% to 17% is a reformed view by Moody’s about the measures we’ve taken over the last three to five years to reposition the portfolio. So it’s based upon their view of the existing portfolio and really the Capstone investment in that trend line around Oncor. Secondly, I do want to emphasize that how we handle the divestiture is really important to us. There is a fairly wide range of outcomes that could occur there. Our Chief Strategy Officer, Dennis Arriola is leading that divestiture campaign and we’ve been very aggressive rile to shoot to get that moving, so that’s something we look forward to making comments on to in the future. And then to your third question about Chile, it’s definitely not off the table. I think what we’ve tried to say is we’ve laid out a very disciplined phased approach to our strategy about what we’re going to basically articulate, both with our Board and the market in Q1 of next year and then in the following Q1 of 2020. And what we’re trying to do is to say that acquisition is reflected of how you run the business, whether you’re a buyer or seller you’re looking to partner. So we’re going to look at our international business with fresh eyes, I mean the legal term is de novo. We’re going to start from the bottoms up and we’re going to try get to the best possible answer near term and long term for our investors. So there is absolutely nothing off the table that was an ordinary course bolt-on to the existing franchise, which we quite frankly think makes it more valuable.
Jeff Martin: We’ve talked about the fact that we're trying to improve our balance sheet and part of what we tried to explain at the analyst conference was the choreography that there's a timeline that allows you to look more aggressively at the portfolio and that timeline was choreographed against how we repatriate cash today and improve our balance sheet near term. Obviously, to your point Shahriar it’s really an inflection point in 2020 and we expect to have obviously all three trains fully up and running. And that gives us a lot more flexibility with respect to our balance sheet. But prior to that time, you can sell assets like wind or solar once which are not, quote-unquote credit dilutive But as you look at transactions which could be credit dilutive, there are scenarios where those can also be advantageous to our shareholders we just have to choreograph those. And that’s why we laid it out in a three-phase approach. The ones which can be beneficial to our balance sheet today, at least in the near term we've articulated is phase one. And we will look at the South American and international businesses between now and Q1 of next year, because we're getting closer to obviously having each of the trains producing LNG. So there is a certain timeline to that. But certainly we can make a decision on South America prior to the full commission of every train at Cameron.
Jeff Martin: Well, I’ll take a shot at this Joe and you can chip in with me. But I think what’s interesting about your question is each of them have their own unique attributes from a marketing standpoint. I described in an earlier question that the Cameron expansion feels more like a relationship management issue. Obviously, we’re focused on getting trains one through three done, that’s the laser focus of our entire LNG business obviously. But having Total in the mix now, I think makes it more important that we’re building great relationships with those three customers, being able to build trains four and five will be a huge opportunity for us. On the West Coast, clearly as you see more and more natural gas coming out of the Gulf. It’s pretty intriguing if you can actually develop a project where you can access San Juan or Permian gas and take it off the West Coast of North America. So as you can imagine, those people that want destination flexibility want to have a shorter time to the Asian markets without going through the Panama Canal and the issues there. That certainly is drawing a tremendous amount of interest. And frankly, Port Arthur is very well situated geographically. There are lot of folks who understand the value of the Port Arthur, particularly as you saw some affirmation of that Michael with the recent HoA we signed with Poland, which by the way, most people were surprised to see that that was a 20 year agreement. So I think each of these three facilities provide some unique marketing advantages. One of the things that’s intriguing before I pass it to Joe is much like back in the IPP days Mike when you used to talk about system sales that was how the California Department of Water Resources contract was structured, there's a lot of interest in some of the conversations with Octavio’s team is having around participating in more than one project, which I think is also interesting. And Joe, perhaps you can add some color to the question.
Jeff Martin: We don’t comment on M&A generally. I think that what we’ve laid out right now is we’ve got a fairly aggressive capital program going forward. We’ll continue to look at things if we think it’s strategic to us. I think we’ve been very clear about the types of things we’re interested and particularly in transmission and distribution, so that’s an area we’ll continue to follow. But I think we’re really focused Ryan on executing our plan and we’ll stay close to the markets which are most important to us which are California, Texas and Mexico.
Jeff Martin: You can see that we’ve published that at the analyst conference call, so you can see those assets for ’18, ’19 and ‘20 in the guidance ranges because we gave at that segment level. It goes up to roughly -- it goes from about $80 million to $100 million per year on the wind and solar side, and the midstream assets that we’re selling are at a loss today.
Jeff Martin: As you read any ex parte notification and talks about the overall scope of the ex parte conversations and afterwards they make a filing relative to that. And I’ll refer you to the public record on , Paul.
Jeff Martin: With respect to the M&A question, obviously broadly speaking, we don’t typically comment on M&A. But I’d probably answer it this way that last summer before we have these wildfire issues here in California, we have made the decision that we thought Texas was a great market from a regulatory standpoint, that they had good demographic growth, constructive regulation, and it was something that was a target of interest for us but calls of the T&D focus. But I think that gave us a great opportunity, number one, it gets more regulatory diversity. And given where we're at in our discussions with the credit rating agencies that guides you to thinking where you’d be more focused at this point in time. And then on your second question, we certainly have followed both pipelines in the Germany, both Nord Stream 1 as well as Nord Stream 2, and I think the President has been spot on. I think you go back to the 2014 EU charter there has been an emphasis for the entire EU community to diversify their fuel supply for their energy markets. So I think this is really an opportunity, that’s why we talked about little bit earlier about the importance of Port Arthur and the ability of some of these facilities that we have in the Gulf to access to Western European marketplace. We continue to think that the drivers there are more around energy security and energy independence, which was somewhat different from the drivers that we discussed at the analyst conference for Asia. So we certainly think it’s a political statement that the president has made, the work he has done with the EU is actually quite constructive for the entire LNG industry here in the U.S.
Jeff Martin: Well, look we’re very appreciative of everyone joining our call today. Per custom, if you have any follow-up questions feel free to contact the IR team and have a great day.
Joe Householder: I would just add a couple of things. I think that the governor wants healthy utilities, he wants to further his energy policies and his agenda and the IoUs play a large role in that. So I think as Jeff mentioned two weeks ago, the conference committee had their first meeting. We have the opportunity to participate in that meeting. We were the only investor owned utility that was at that meeting. But our director of the Firesign's employment adoption, he was there at that meeting and now tomorrow they’re having this meeting. And it’s not only members from each of the California investor-owned utilities but also people who are representing the municipals. So this is a statewide issue it’s not just investor-owned. So we’re encouraged that they’re having that meeting tomorrow followed by another meeting on Thursday. The agenda for that meeting isn’t out yet. You can see these other agendas on their Web site. But we are encouraged about this. We’re working with the various stakeholders in this and we see the opportunity for some movement this month while the legislature finishes its work this year.
Joe Householder: I think you pretty much summed it up, but I will say in a number of conversations that I had with as they were working with us to request all they approvals needed to make that acquisition. They emphasized a number of times that they really only did this because they wanted to have the access to the expansion. And so they’re very open about that and want to engage in that topic. And I had some conversations with some other partners and I think we’re all starting to see that, especially as we see one, two and three coming toward . And so our focus is staying on one, two, three but I think we have to start engaging in discussions around that. And I think that Total will bring a lot to that discussion. And I don’t have anything else to add on the tariffs evolving…
Joe Householder: One thing I’d say is that that transaction we discussed at our analyst meeting too, so that was in Dennis's slide deck as well.
Joe Householder: These two businesses are important parts of our growth. And since 2012, they created $40 a share value in our stock price and we think that that can be significantly higher. So we think both of those are great infrastructure growth areas. I think there is lot of complementary parts to them and so I think those are keen focus for us. What we do with them over time, we’ll see but I think that for us right now they are priority.
Joe Householder: Michael, I think I’ve said this before. We don’t particularly prioritize them that way, because each of them has a little bit different situation and each of them has a lot of interest, as Jeff was saying. And so when we were at the World Gas Conference, Jeff and myself with Octavio and some of his team, we talked to a number of different important buyers who each have different interest in them. So clearly, there are some at Cameron we have permits. At ICA we have permits. We’re working on and hope to finalize our permit at Port Arthur this year. We’re working with EPC contractors now at both the other facilities. And so each of them is a little bit different, we like them all and don't prioritize one over the other in like we want that one first and put all the team on that one. At this point, we're looking at all of them because they all have good opportunity.
Joe Householder: I would only add on to that. We've built in or partnered with 11 of the 14 pipelines built in Mexico, so we have not had a problem getting them permitted.
Joe Householder: The only thing I would also add to that is that these assets are in into service territory as well, so it's a natural follow on.
Joe Householder: We basically have the full permit for the larger scale project and we’re working with government agency to modify that to accommodate this and hope to do that over the next couple of months.
