Debra Reed: Thanks, Don. I'm pleased to join you all in my new role today. Before I review our second quarter results with you, I would like to address the question some of you have asked concerning my strategic vision for Sempra.  I want to start by reiterating that our strategy has been and will continue to be focused on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastructure. It is a space within our sector where we have demonstrated success and one in which we have deep competency.  As Don mentioned, we have just begun our annual strategic review at Sempra in which we update our 5-year business plan. This year, I have 3 objectives that we will complete as part of this process. First, we will conduct a thorough market assessment of the short- and long-term business environment in which we operate. We will be analyzing market trends to identify opportunities and risks. As an example, environmental regulations are prompting retirements of coal plant, at the same time that nuclear plant development has been substantially slowed. This trend is likely to create opportunities for natural gas-fired generation and the development of new gas infrastructure, including storage.  Secondly, we will be reviewing the current and expected performance of our asset portfolio considering market cycles and focusing on getting the greatest value from these assets. We will develop specific strategies for assets not meeting our return expectation in this market environment. Lastly, we will put in place the organization and leadership to execute and deliver on our plan. I feel fortunate to have Don, Neal, Mark and the rest of the management team available to draw upon and support me in this process as I transition into my new role.  As always, we will update you on any developments on our quarterly earnings call and at our analyst conference next spring.  Now let's move on to the review of our second quarter and year-to-date financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $511 million or $2.12 per share compared with $222 million or $0.89 per share in the same period last year. This year's second quarter earnings included a gain of $277 million or $1.15 per share, reflecting the write-up in the value of the company's original investments in Chile and Peru.  This was a result of the acquisition of a controlling interest in those utilities during the quarter. Excluding the impact of this gain, our quarterly earnings per share increased by 9%. Earnings for the first 6 months of 2011 were $769 million or $3.19 per share compared with $328 million or $1.31 per share in 2010. First quarter 2010 earnings included an after-tax charge of $96 million or $0.38 per share related to a litigation settlement. Our financial performance for the first half of the year is in line with our expectations for this point in the year and on a full year basis. We remain on track to generate earnings of $4 to $4.30 per share. This, of course, excludes the impact of the write-up that we recognized this quarter.  While our earnings in the second half of the year will be impacted by the expiration of Sempra Generation's 10-year contract with the California Department of Water Resources at the end of the third quarter, we expect higher second half earnings at our California utilities consistent with our past performance. Additionally, we are expecting the contribution from some regulatory matters that we anticipate to be resolved later this year. SDG&E will be requesting the CPUC's approval to recover a total of about $90 million of increased wildfire insurance costs from July 2010 through December of this year. About $60 million of that has already been requested, and we expect to file a request in the third quarter of this year for an additional $30 million.  You may recall that late last year, the commission allowed SDG&E to recover $29 million of insurance costs for the July 2009 to June 2010 policy period. It also provided guidance for future recovery requests until our next general rate case, and our 2 requests will be consistent with that guidance. The other regulatory matters that we anticipate to be resolved by the end of the year are applications for $17 million of energy efficiency awards for SDG&E and SoCalGas and a $6 million gas cost incentive mechanism award at SoCalGas. I'd note that all the items I just described are on a pretax basis. Now I'd like to hand it over to Mark, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Debra Reed: I would just say that we're not going to disclose the commercial terms. But we feel that this is a really good starting point for hedging our fleet and we feel very positive about the contract. We think it's good for the customer and very good for our business as well.
Debra Reed: I would say that, that is a possibility if we can get long-term contracts from a credit worthy counterparty for that. I think Don has stated before and I would reaffirm that my view is we're not going to do that unless we can have long-term contracts in place. But certainly, that's something that we're looking at with other parties.
Debra Reed: I will just say that we have had people doing thorough reviews because we've had the same reporting requirements to the CPUC as other companies in California have had, and that we have not found anything that concerns us in terms of our past practices or how we operate our pipelines. We operate our system very safely. We have looked at lessons learned from the San Bruno incident and are making modifications going forward that we think would improve our responsiveness if something like that occurred. But we have not found any deep concerns at all in terms of the way we've operated our system. And we just had a recent audit of this by the CPUC and they didn't find any concerns either that's significant.
Debra Reed: What we've looked at thus far is most of the projects we focused in on have been on the wind side, but it wouldn't preclude doing other technologies. I would stress that this investment is being done within SDG&E, within the regulated company, and so the big issue there is ensuring that the entire structure is a benefit for customers as well. So if there was a competitive solar deal that could be structured in the same way and provide benefits to customers, we would certainly consider that.
Debra Reed: Yes, on the geothermal, I don't think that, that would -- we would be looking at that. But in this case, this was a regulatory structure that was negotiated as part of a settlement. And that the CPUC basically had the structure approved where we would have the rate based investment and then we would have a shareholder investment alongside of that. So my sense is that, that would be the type of structure that they would want us to have going forward.
Debra Reed: Well, as far as the PEMEX assets, right now, we're working with PEMEX on some potential growth projects. There has been no additional movement in terms of them exiting the partnership. But as long as we remain in the partnership, we believe that there will be a number of growth projects that we could do jointly. So that's where that stands at this time.
Debra Reed: Well, we've gotten about -- we expect to get between $1.8 billion and $1.9 billion. We've gotten a little over $1.4 billion, and we would expect to get the remaining $400 million to $450 million by the first quarter of next year. And we did get about $320 million in April of this year as a distribution.
Debra Reed: Yes, I would say that, that is one thing that we will be looking at. We'll be looking at all of our businesses and the long-term value of those businesses in our portfolio. We will also be looking at how do we focus on increasing some of our domestic earnings growth. And so those will be things that will be part of the strategy work. And since -- and I've just been in this job a month, I can't tell you much more than that, but we will be doing that work over the next few months.
Debra Reed: Yes, I'd be happy to talk about that. As I mentioned, I was down meeting with the new president, the energy minister and the prime minister, and they are very interested in seeing that more electric generation gets built. And in Peru, we are working right now on our first hydro project, that will be about 100-megawatt project to be completed over the next couple of years. That project will then give us an opportunity to do more. But I want to stress just in our basic distribution area, kind of our basic growth in our Chilean and Peruvian businesses so you get a good sense of that. If you look at the customer growth that we're seeing in those businesses, it's about 2.5% a year. If you look at the sales growth in those businesses, it's about 5.5% to 7% per year. And we are interested, and if there are some potential distribution companies that could be consolidated and we feel that they would be wise investments for us, we would certainly consider those investments as well. It does have a very high growth environment and have a very stable regulatory environment, which we believe will continue.
Debra Reed: I would say that we're looking at all opportunities in terms of that, and I'm going to ask Neal to put some color around it.
Debra Reed: Yes, it is a regulated business and on the storage piece, so we have an incentive design that allows us to make some additional money by selling storage at a premium to some of the market pricing and packaging storage in creative ways. And we've earned incentive historically, earned some incentives this year for that, but the incentives were less this year than we've had in the prior year. That's all that's happening there. And there was a couple of million dollars on a pretax basis and nothing real significant.
Debra Reed: Yes, for Sunrise, the number was $347 million for the first 6 months of the year. And then for the Smart Meter CapEx, we were looking at a total this year of about $120 million for the entire year, and I don't have the number in front of me for the first 6 months. But it's pretty much -- it's in that range.
Debra Reed: Well, thank you for all joining us today. We really appreciate you being with us this morning. And if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call Steve Davis, Victor or Scott with any follow-up. Thank you again. Bye-bye.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Debbie. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the second quarter of 2011 were $71 million compared with earnings of $75 million in the year-ago quarter. The small variance was due to higher AFUDC earnings, which were more than offset by higher litigation expense and insurance premiums.  For the 6 months of 2011, SDG&E's earnings were $160 million, which is in line with the $158 million of earnings last year. At Southern California Gas Co., second quarter 2011 earnings were $59 million compared with $69 million in the second quarter of 2010.  The second quarter of this year was impacted by $5 million from lower storage revenues and higher expenses net of higher CPUC authorized margin and a $4 million adjustment to prior year employee benefit costs. For the 6 months of 2011, SoCalGas' earnings were $127 million compared with $134 million of earnings last year.  Now let's go to Slide 5. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $337 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $39 million in the same quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the $277 million gain, earnings were $60 million for the quarter, and the quarter benefited from $14 million of higher earnings from our increased ownership stake in the utilities in Chile and Peru and also from $5 million of higher earnings from the pipeline assets in Mexico, which were acquired in the second quarter of 2010. For the first half of 2011, Sempra Pipelines & Storage had earnings of $391 million. Excluding the impact of the $277 million gain this year, earnings were $114 million for the first half of 2011 compared with $77 million last year. The increase was mainly due to $20 million higher earnings from Chile and Peru and $13 million higher earnings from Mexican pipeline assets.  Now let's go to Slide 6. Sempra LNG had earnings of $18 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $13 million in the prior year's period. For the first 6 months of 2011, Sempra LNG's earnings were $51 million, up from $45 million last year. Both the second quarter and year-to-date 2011 results included $11 million higher earnings from customer payments related to the nondelivery of contracted cargoes.  Now please move to Slide 7. Our generation business recorded earnings of $50 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $52 million in the same quarter of 2010. For the first 6 months of 2011, Sempra Generation's earnings were $94 million, up from $1 million of earnings last year.  Last year's results included an $84 million charge related to a litigation settlement in the first quarter. The improvement in earnings was also due to $15 million of lower operating and maintenance costs as a result of scheduled plant maintenance and earthquake damage to our Mexicali power plant in 2010. This was offset by $4 million higher depreciation expense this year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Debbie, who will begin with Slide 8.
Mark Snell: Yes, I would just say, we've looked at it in the past and I think we're focused on it now and I would expect that we would -- I don't know that we'll go exactly the MLP route but I do think that we'll do something to maximize the value of our assets. But that's certainly an option that's open and we're exploring it in the current market.
Mark Snell: Well, certainly, we think our stock is an excellent investment right now. But I do think -- we are still looking at where we come out at SoCalGas with the increased capital spending that we fully expect to have to pay or to have to invest for the next couple of years, and as we've said, it's probably to the tune of several hundred millions of dollars a year for a multi-year period. And so once we know what those numbers are, then we can think about whether there's room to do any kind of buyback or anything like that.
Mark Snell: Mark, this is Mark Snell. The one thing on that would be is the tax equity helped us get a lower cost to customers because it lowered the financing cost for the developer and any of those. And that would be -- that same structure could work very well with a solar development, as well as wind. Anything that has a high tax component to it, we think it could be effective and literally -- I mean, it is one of the few times where it is sort of a win-win for everybody. We get lower pricing for customers, the developer gets -- has lower cost and we get a tax benefit at the utility that's shared with the shareholders. So all of that kind of works out well.
Mark Snell: Yes, and we're kind of on a quarterly distribution schedule. We should get another $100 million here in a week or so.
Mark Snell: Of course, all of the expansion projects and even the acquisitions that we could possibly do in South America would all be funded at the local level down there. We have additional borrowing capacity at that level, and we also have offshore cash that we could use to invest there. So we wouldn't anticipate funding from the U.S. to grow those businesses. We would anticipate doing that there locally. And then obviously, we, like a lot of other companies in the U.S., are lobbying and talking about some kind of change in the tax system that would allow U.S. companies to bring cash home and invest in opportunities here. And we certainly are poised and ready to take advantage of that if that should happen. But we have in our models also anticipated that even if it didn't happen, at some point in development we will have enough cash, we will have to bring some of it home. And of course, we have to pay the taxes on that. But we think the right answer right now is since we have good investment opportunities is to continue to invest that money offshore.
Mark Snell: Well, in our 5-year plan, we'd build up about $1 billion of offshore cash over the 5-year planning period.
