Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $248 million or $0.99 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported third quarter earnings of $250 million or $1 per share. Third quarter earnings in 2014 were $348 million or $1.39 per share. Adjusted earnings this quarter exclude expenses related to the development of our three proposed LNG liquefaction projects. Similar to last quarter, we only recorded $2 million of after-tax expense. This number reflects the fact that a substantial portion of the costs are either being capitalized or shared with our Cameron joint venture partners and PEMEX. Earnings this quarter include reduced tax expense associated with repatriation. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we intend to participate in the planned IEnova equity offering, and now expect to use about two years' worth of dividends from Mexico that we had originally planned to repatriate. As a result, we expect an approximate $0.10 per share benefit in both 2015 and 2016 from lower than expected tax expense. Our current plan is to resume repatriation from Mexico in 2017 and 2018. I also want to reiterate that third quarter earnings continue to reflect the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas's revenues. This impact resulted in $113 million of lower earnings this quarter and $48 million of lower earnings year-to-date. Applying seasonality will have no impact on full year earnings. We will see a $48 million after-tax benefit in the fourth quarter due to seasonality. You can refer to the appendix for additional detail where we illustrate 2014 SoCalGas earnings had seasonality in revenues being applied. Excluding the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas revenues, Sempra's third quarter adjusted earnings increased by $15 million compared to the same period last year. Looking forward, we are now raising our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range to $4.95 per share to $5.15 per share. With regards to 2016 earnings and dividends, we anticipate updating our guidance in February on our fourth quarter call. Our new five-year EPS and dividend projections will be updated at our 2016 Analyst Conference. I will note two additional matters. As a result of IEnova's anticipated purchase of PEMEX's interest in their shared joint venture, we expect to record a non-cash gain in the fourth quarter from the step-up of our own investment to fair value. This gain is not included in our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Finally, as Debbie mentioned earlier, our GRC settlement agreement excludes an issue proposed in the proceeding regarding certain intra rate case income tax benefits relating to repair allowances. The proposal recommended by one of the interveners would require reducing rate base by $93 million for SDG&E and $92 million for SoCalGas. In addition, the proposal seeks to reduce pre-tax revenue requirements related to the 2015 year benefits in the amount of $46 million for SoCalGas and $34 million for SDG&E through the third quarter of 2015. Our current expectation is that the CPUC will rule in our favor and do so on the same timeline as our GRC proceedings. That is because the proposed treatment would violate and contradict longstanding rate making and income tax policy. It would also represent a material departure from historical commission practice. Please turn to slide 9. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the section of our presentation entitled Business Unit Earnings. Key drivers for our consolidated earnings this quarter include $20 million of higher net operating earnings in Sempra International including foreign exchange impacts, $14 million of higher earnings at SDG&E from higher CPUC base margin net of expenses and higher electric transmission earnings, and $14 million of lower tax expense at the parent related to reduced repatriation of dividends from Mexico. Offsetting factors include the $113 million seasonality impact that lowered SoCalGas's third quarter earnings and two earnings items that occurred in the third quarter of 2014. One, the $25 million tax benefit for Sempra Natural Gas from the release of a state tax valuation allowance, and secondly the $14 million gain on the sale of a 50% equity interest in the first phase of ESJ in Mexico. Now, let me conclude with slide 10. Overall, our financial and operating results for the third quarter continued to be strong, and they positioned us to raise our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance range. Increased operating earnings at both the California utilities and Sempra International underpin our solid year-to-date results. Across the company, we continue to capture development opportunities that are incremental to our base plan and look forward to providing you new projections early next year. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take any questions you may have.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Stephen. It's a great question and I'll just go back. I will remind you all that, we essentially built all the equity in Mexico from profits from international operations over the last decade or more and basically doubled the value of that as we took IEnova public. So, it's been a really good investment for Sempra and we will continue to want to invest in it. We do have public shareholders now, so we will pay a good dividend from IEnova and Sempra will receive some of that cash. We don't need to bring it all the way to the U.S. Our current repatriation plan has us doing that through 2018 but as we just said, we're going to hold off on that for two years so we can use that money effectively in this offering. I expect IEnova to keep growing and I would expect us to want to continue to participate in offerings as we go along so that we don't dilute our ownership so much. And so I think what you're suggesting is probably the way it will play out over time and that's been a really good thing for us.
Joseph A. Householder: We basically said back in 2012 when we started, Greg, that we were going to do approximately $300 million a year. We didn't break it down between Mexico and Peru, but we set a roughly $300 million a year for that period, 2012 through 2018. And so, we're pulling back on the Mexico piece for this two-year period. So, you can see we're talking roughly around $300 million investment in the IEnova, $300 million to $325 million maybe, something like that. So, if you think about that, cut that in half and you see what the Mexico piece was for a year.
Joseph A. Householder: In the two – yeah, over the two-year period 2015 and 2016. We already have the 2015 dividend. It's already in a Mexican holding company above IEnova, we'll use that and then we'll borrow some money for a short-term until we get the dividend next year usually in the summer time.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah, so really – oh, the whole five-year plan. I mean natural gas prices are clearly down almost $2 from when that plan was put together a year ago. And FX, clearly, the dollar has strengthened against all the currencies, that has actually been in our favor right now because the Mexico effect is bigger than the South American effect. So, it's a little bit hard to see how that will play out over the five-year plan period because it depends on what the U.S. dollar does against those three currencies. And I think those are really the two main factors. Everything else is very consistent. We have a very long-term contracted business with a good regulatory model and we just got this proposed decision that – or I'm sorry, the settlement – proposed settlement, so feels pretty good.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah, Mark. No, that was our reassessment of our desire to make the investment of the two years where the dividends, 2015 and 2016 dividends. And so we have recast our tax expense to assume that we will only repatriate this year and next year from Peru and not Mexico, so that's locked in, we are doing that.
Joseph A. Householder: It's not contingent on the closing, no. We're just not going to repatriate those monies for 2015 or 2016. We believe that the deal will close and we will fund it. And so there is no contingency there. We've already adjusted in the third quarter tax expense for that and so you'll see also lower tax expense in the fourth quarter combined that will be the $0.10.
Joseph A. Householder: But keeping the CAGR the same. I mean, we're not setting a new CAGR. Debbie was talking about our approximately 11% CAGR that was in the Analyst Conference. We're not telling you a new number yet. We'll give you a new guidance when we have the conference or what our 2016 to 2020 number is. But we've already said we already know that the numbers are all getting higher, because we have $2 billion more projects, we have a number of positive things going for us. So I think you can glean from that that it wasn't lifting up the front and keeping the end smaller, that's not our intent of this conversation.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, you explained it well. I think that the proposal suggested that we took the 2011 to 2014 savings and that added up to $185 million on a Sempra-wide basis, roughly split between the two utilities, and that would be what they suggested should be reduced from rate base going forward. So, you can do the math and figure out what that would mean to a revenue requirement. Again, we don't believe that's going to be sustained. The memorandum account really dealt with 2015 and they treated that separately, they're trying to get around retroactive rate making, as Debbie suggested. So, the sum of the two numbers that she gave you, and they were in my remarks as well, totaled $80 million on a pre-tax basis through September, less than $50 million after-tax. That would be a 2015 impact, that wouldn't go to rate base, it would just be a direct impact, that they were requesting. This is what they requested as a way to get around the retroactive rate making. We don't think they will be able to sustain it. But that's the way it would work. So, the rate base is only that $92 million and $93 million.
Joseph A. Householder: Let me just add on one more thing and Mark just alluded to it. But you guys may or may not have seen this, in the last several months including last week, we got a affirmation of our credit ratings and S&P just moved us to a stronger business risk profile from strong to excellent. We've a very strong business and we can finance our growth and this was an opportunity to maybe do something that was really cheap and good. And so to everything Mark and Debbie said, I just want to add that, we have a very strong credit ratings and we can finance our growth, we will need it.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah, I will speak first and then I'll let Trevor go through all the numbers of the net exposure and so forth. But as you know, we have a natural hedge here because we have when the dollar strengthens on all three of the currencies, in Chile and Peru, we have a reduction of our growth because of the translation of the two currencies in South America to the dollar by offsetting that is the fact that we do have dollar functional currency in Mexico because fundamentally most of the businesses are in dollars. So we pay our taxes in pesos and we have some other adjustments in the income tax expense as a function of their income tax rules that impact us in the opposite direction when all three currencies decline. And so that's what we've seen over time. So I'll let Trevor walk through what the numbers were for the quarter...
Debra L. Reed: Well, first, let me say that they just changed the date when we will be notified on the bid to November 10, which is next Tuesday. And if you've looked at any of these bids before, the capital costs are not really reflective of who wins the bid, it's one component of the total bid. The real bid decision is based upon the tariff amount that you are agreeing to provide over the 20 years or 25 years of the contract in all of these pipeline bids, and that's what will be analyzed and looked at next week and announced. Capital is a component, your return is a component, what your gas costs for operating the facilities is a component, what you think in terms of additional capacity sales that you might get off of the pipeline, those all factor into the creation of a tariff rate and that's what they will be announcing next week. So, we feel good that we're in a close second, only $4 million behind the low capital, but there is a lot of other factors that will come into the final decision.
Debra L. Reed: You might also comment, Mark, on what we see in the contracting area there because I know that there has been a lot of articles and all, and what we've seen is that there are still a lot of parties out there contracting.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean, that's a great thing about Mexico. I think, it's one of our wonderful growth platforms where we see layers of opportunities for our company there. And certainly, there is more bids coming out on pipeline, we'll see $6 billion worth of pipeline bids occur over the next several months and we will be actively involved in that. Following that, they are finalizing the market rules for electric transmission and in our slides we showed you some of the projects that would be up for competition and probably within the first half of next year. And we're very interested in participating in that market. Further, now some of the oil properties are beginning to be taken over as it is and we see some great opportunities to the liquids pipelines that will take how – take away capacity from some of those PEMEX properties that are now being developed. And also, potentially gathering and processing in those areas. And then the generation market we'll be opening and we have, as you know, the ESJ lands, property that could – we could add about another 1,000 megawatts or more to that area to do wind production. And so we see some great opportunities there. We also see some opportunities to really get some greater value add of our TDM plant. So, I think that and I would also add, I should say, that looking at our existing assets and a great pipeline backbone that we have, we can also add capacity with industrial customers to that and we're working on that right now. So we just see a great worth of opportunities, wealth of opportunities in Mexico and are very excited about it.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Those are the things that we're working on right now and we think that that those rules are getting put in place that would allow us to do it. Mark, do you want to...
Debra L. Reed: Well, I mean there are two sides of opportunity that we certainly see there. As you know, we do the renewable development and we have the potential to add additional solar project that can sell into the California market. And as you know, since our Analyst Conference, we already got two additional solar projects sold into the California market, and that was before the 50% was adopted. So, we see great opportunities to expand our existing solar facilities. And then in terms of our utilities that the integration of 50% renewables is going to require both gas and electric investment and the reason it requires gas investment is the type of generation that's going to be needed to support renewables in the area is different, and the location of that may be different. And so we're looking at major investments to our gas system to support the future. The North South Pipeline which we have before the commission right now would not only reinforce the system for reliability, but also help provide for that 50% renewable future. And then of course on our utility side, we're going to have to make investments, so it will allow us to integrate all of the additional renewables in. So, I think there are some investments that are not part of our current plan right now, North South Pipeline is not part of our base plan nor are additional solar projects, nor are any of the distributed energy resource planning on it. None of that is part of our base 11% growth plan. So, we see that as all potential upside.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, I'll start and then I'm going to turn it over to Joe. I mean I think when we were looking at doing the dividending, it was because we had the net operating losses that we could benefit from. So when we look at the PEMEX deal, it made a lot more sense for us to keep the cash in Mexico for that major project. And so, I think to the degree that we continue to have major projects in Mexico, that would drive some of our decisions there. But why don't you talk about our plans, Joe, and...
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me start this because having been in this business for 37 years, I can't help, but make comments on how flawed I think the proposal is. And it was only raised in our case by one of the interveners and what they're basically trying to do is re-coup what had been decided in the last rate case. So, we think it's legal case retroactive rate making and I – we will fight it as a legal case that retroactive rate making. What in our case is, I just want to talk about our set of facts. Because I think our set of facts is really important. A record in our case was officially closed in July and we did not even file with the IRS for any consideration of a change of tax treatment until after the record had been closed and in the case of SoCalGas, it was more than a year after the record had been closed. So, we think that to try to re-trade this and to go back and recoup those dollars is fully inappropriate. And so we think we have a very good legal standing in our case with our set of facts and we will fight that. As Joe mentioned in his prepared remarks, the dollars that we're talking about or the SDG&E for 2011 to 2014 is $93 million, and for SD – or SoCalGas is $92 million. And a memo account for 2015 because they were all concerned about the retroactive rate making effect and so they tried to cover it with a memo account. There is SDG&E $46 million pre-tax and SoCalGas $34 million pre-tax through September. We will fight all of this because the history has been very, very clear that it's to the benefit of the customers to have utilities pursue efficiencies and tax benefits and everything. And that the shareholders have to pay for all the research and work that was done to accumulate these benefits. And that the shareholder has always been able to keep those benefits in between rate cases, and then the customer gets them at the next rate case. And when we did our 2016 plan and beyond, we did incorporate in that $40 million reduction at SoCalGas and $19 million reduction at SDG&E starting in 2016 forward for that now going to the customer, which has been the regulatory history of how these things have been dealt with for decades at least since I've been here. So, we think that we will prevail on this issue with our good set of facts and we will continue to fight this, because we think it is a retroactive rate making situation.
Debra L. Reed: Right. I mean that's the way it's always been, is that the customer gets the benefits flow through to them at the next rate case and we assume that in our base plan and Dennis and Jeff went through that in March, because we've always had that assumption that come 2016, those will become benefits that will go to the customer.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. And some of those don't happen next year that they begin construction but they are not in service next year, so...
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, let me just say that the middle of next year is arbitrary, it's more that we want to see sustained markets that can make us feel that the cost of capital that we would receive by doing it is better than what we would receive at Sempra. And so, we did not want to give you a view that we're going to look at it again next month, and the month after, it's going to be – we're going to have to see really sustained improvements in the market that cause us to want to launch something on the basis of allowing our growth, this wonderful growth that we have to occur at a lower cost of capital. And if it doesn't deliver that value proposition, then it doesn't make a lot of sense for us to go forward. So, that's how we're looking at.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, the registration can stay live for a period of time, and what we did is we wanted to have full optionality. So, we did this with IEnova, we did a lot of pre-work to be ready to launch if the markets were right. And we ended up actually launching IEnova faster than we thought we would have, because we saw Mexican reform coming, we'd won some pipeline bids and it made sense for us as a way to raise both debt and equity. But we would have to see the same kind of thing for the MLP, and so that's kind of how we're looking at it.
Debra L. Reed: Well, there hasn't been a decision in our case. So it's hard to say what it would be. And I will say our set of facts is not exactly the same as another utility's set of facts. So, I wouldn't want to speculate, I told you the amounts of what the tax was over the period of time, but how it ultimately gets treated and everything, that will be litigated in our case. So, I couldn't really speculate on that.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. There's three renewable projects and then the PEMEX, the PEMEX was about a little over $1.3 billion and then the three renewable projects equate to the remainder. So, I mean that's...
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. The only other thing that I would mention that I didn't mention in terms of the upsides to the plan is that we did get the additional pipeline in Mexico, that's about $110 million. So, they're all listed on slide 19.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Well, we had talked about a dividend growth rate that was around 5% to 6%. But that – and our board considers that every February and the great thing that we have is that we have all of these projects that are long-term contracted and then we will get our GRC decision by February, we will see the progress on construction of Cameron, which is going really well. And we will see if we're getting some contracts on Cameron 4 at that time and so there will be a lot of visibility to things that may cause our board to reconsider, is that the appropriate growth rate over the time through 2019. And so that happens in the February timeframe and we had targeted a 45% to 55% payout ratio at 2019 – and that, I think there's been no change in that type of a thought process, but what we do in the interim, I think, we're going to be looking at again in February.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we always look at – we've looked at a lot of the MLPs and we looked at – I think our interests would lie as, we haven't seen anything that is greatly attractive to us in terms of the composite in an MLP. But there are some assets there that if they need the cash and they need to start liquidating some assets that we may be very interested in. And so we've identified things that would be of interest to us and we continue to monitor those and have discussions as appropriate.
Debra L. Reed: See, let me just add – if I could just add to that. I see this transaction and the wonderful thing that we have at Sempra is that we have such high organic growth that we don't have to do those kinds of transactions to get our growth. And so I would just tell you all we're really picky about what we would acquire because we've had such success in doing greenfield projects that – and our returns tend to be higher on all the greenfield projects and the acquisitions. So we're very disciplined when we make acquisitions and I think hopefully you'll see from the PEMEX acquisition. We think it's a very good acquisition for us. It's accretive. It allows us to have a more robust pipeline system that we can grow from. So that's what we really look at.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I think a couple of things. We have some outstanding experience building major transmission projects in difficult areas. Sunrise is probably one of the most difficult transmission projects to get done and it got done on time, on budget. So – and I think our company has shown our ability to work through regulatory agencies and get all of that done. When you go to Mexico then and you take some of those skills and you transfer that rights of way will be a key issue. It's very similar on the gas and electric side and in fact there may be cases where the transmission could use some existing rights of way that we've already acquired. And then, the siting of the line, the ability to work with the agencies, CFE would be the agency that would be bidding these out and we have good experience working with CFE. And I think having a workforce of several hundred people headquartered in Mexico City that know how to work through these processes, I think that we're in a really good place to enter that area of the business with the experience that we have in Sempra and do quite well in it.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I think if you look at the strength of our business so far this year, you look at how our performance is all of our businesses, and then you adjust for seasonality at SoCalGas, our utilities are having very strong years, our other businesses are having very strong years. So, we look at where we are today and where we think that we will be at the end of the year across all of our businesses. And I think everything is doing very well. So, there is not like one thing that's behind it. There is $0.10 for the tax, the repatriation issue, but the rest of it is across our businesses.
Debra L. Reed: Well, the GRC doesn't take effect until next year. PEMEX will not close until later this year, so it won't be until 2016 earnings. So you won't see the GRC effect until 2016 nor will you see the effect of PEMEX until 2016. So it's neither of those, it's just the strength of our base operations across the board.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. But I will also say that that's a 2015 to a 2019 CAGR. And one of the reasons that has some big effect is that the end of the period what's been great is that we've been able to produce strong results at the beginning of the period. So that Cameron adds a lot in 2018 and 2019 to that growth rate, but we're also growing our business in a lot of other areas and we've had exceptional performance in safety, reliability, customer and financial performance from our utilities as well as our other businesses.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I would say that we always look at our assets everyday as if we've just bought the company. And so everything we look at if it is – makes sense for us to sell it and to exit that, we're willing to do it and same thing in terms of looking at acquisitions. We're very disciplined on that. I will give you examples of what we've done in the past, I can't tell you what we might do in the future, it depends on what the market is, what kind of pricing we could get, but we decided to exit merchant generation because it didn't fit our model and we filled our power plants as an example. So those are the kinds of things that we do on a regular basis and a lot depends on what the market conditions are and what kind of premiums will be paid and whether or not it would make sense for us to exit that, and then redeploy capital into some future growth. And we always think that way, but I'm not going to list any kind of assets that are for sale.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, I think that when we look at what we've had, all I can tell you is what we've done historically and we did that with coal plants that we bought and we sold that when we thought the market was changing. We did that when our generation plants came off the DWR contracts and that they no longer fit our model because we go for long-term contracts. So we always look at the market and we always look at what's left in our contracts. What we think is a little chance of re-contracting, is there more value there to us that we could get out of the asset. I mean, that's the way we look at it and so I am not going to go through how we would look at specific assets, but I can tell you that's the methodology we use.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I just don't think I can answer what we would plan to look at selling. I think I can tell you what the methodology is. And when we look at an asset like storage, I can tell you it's at very low values right now in comparison to what it's been in the past, but you see what's happening in the gas market and you see what's happening relative to coal to gas conversion and the need for storage by utilities and then all of the LNG plants in the Gulf. So the way we would look at an asset like that is do we think it could have greater value to our shareholders in the future, and are there ways to optimize that, and how much could we get to sell it in the market, and that's the way we would always look at those kinds of assets. So, I really don't think I can give you a list of what we would be considering – that wouldn't even be a good thing to do for our shareholders in terms of any kind of negotiation. So, I think that's all I can really say.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Let me further say, though, who the "they" is, because what I want to stress is that we don't have a proposed decision that does this.
Debra L. Reed: The "they" is TURN, one of the interveners in the case and this is their proposal in the case. And so we have not yet received a proposed decision and we will make a very strong case that the record was closed, officially closed by the ALJ before we even filed with the IRS to make these changes. So, I just want to be sure that the facts are really clear on this.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Yeah, what we'll do and why we don't give you numbers until February, as we look out the forwards at that time for currency and natural gas prices, and we adjust our plans for those things as well as the additional growth that we've had in our businesses, outcomes like the GRC and all. So that's why we wait to give you our 2016 forecast in February and then at the Analyst Meeting in March, we'll give you additional information for the next five years.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we wouldn't – based upon what we see in currencies now, we wouldn't see that and then gas prices are so low now, they've already been reflected to a great degree, and this is just pro forma. So, I guess they can always go lower, you can never say they won't go lower, but we have pretty low gas prices now. So...
Debra L. Reed: Sure. No, you heard it correctly that with the ORA, the Office of Ratepayer Advocates, we have a settlement for fourth year that would give us a 4.3% attrition for that fourth year and that will be looked at by the commission separate from our other settlements. So we have a settlement with eight parties for the three years and then we have a settlement with one party for the fourth year, that party being the Office of Ratepayer Advocates.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you all for your great questions. You kept us really busy this morning and we appreciate that. And if you have any follow-up, please contact our Investor Relations team and have a great day.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah. I would just say that we've been having substantive discussions with a lot of potential customers and now we've been able to give them some hard data to work with, and we do expect to show some results. They won't all come at once, and so we expect to have some towards the end of the year and in the first part of next year. But our firm decision to move forward on this would be late in the first quarter.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah. I think there's always – there's speculation in the press and rightfully so, picking up that LNG is oversupplied up through 2018, but when you start looking at the needs beyond that, when you get into 2020 and 2021, there's definitely a need for additional capacity and we're seeing that. And just to remind the audience, just in 2015 alone, we had 27 contracts signed. And 17 of those were 20-year contracts, four were 10-year and the rest were shorter term contracts. So there is plenty of activity going on, and we are certainly seeing that and we remain very confident that we'll move forward on Train 4.
Mark A. Snell: I think they really got to start making those decisions in 2016, especially for new projects because otherwise they just won't be online in time. We are probably the – as far as a new train goes, Train 4 can probably come online as probably as quickly or quicker than any other train in the market that's starting anew, and you've got to really kind of make that decision in 2016.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah. I was just going to say that the procurement for electricity along the Baja border haven't been let out yet, and so the CFE is working on that, but we fully expect that there'll be opportunities to contract that plant into Mexico. And you will have to weigh that against the opportunities on the U.S. side.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I would say that I'll answer the second question first, which is with respect to the EPC contracts. I think we were pleased with the way the numbers came out. I won't say we were terribly surprised, we suspected that continual construction would lead to a very low cost and we were – and I think we're proven correct. So, we do believe that it will be beneficial to continue the construction into Train 4 and that will actually reduce the costs for all of the trains in the facility. So, I think it will make Cameron a very competitive facility. With respect to any change in the way that we're looking at it – as to Trains 4 and 5, I think we've said numerous times in the past that the decision to go forward with Train 4 is really a Sempra decision that we've made in conjunction with our partners. And for Train 5, that will be a decision that's made by our partners and they're still contemplating that and whether they go forward at the same time or not is really not – is their call and really not ours, and frankly not that relevant to our investment decision or our financial outcome.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah. I would say both in the U.S. and in Mexico we've studied opportunities to export various kinds of natural gas liquids and we haven't put a project together or announced anything, but it's something that we study all the time and I do think there's some interesting opportunities. So it's definitely top of mind. There is a real need to move some of these liquids out of the producing areas, and to the extent that we find an opportunity that works for us, I think we'd be willing to capitalize on it.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah. Hi, Michael. Yeah, we've got about 420 megawatts under construction and with respect to solar, we have about 280 megawatts of property that's still available for development. And then, we're actually in the process of trying to acquire a little bit more to increase that. And then, with respect on the wind side, we have just a flat rate, we have over 200 megawatts that's potentially developable there. And then, of course, at ESJ, we have, I won't say unlimited, but it's a very, very large amount of capacity that's potentially over 1,000 megawatts.
Mark A. Snell: Correct. Yeah. So, we do have – we currently have developable properties that we can and then, obviously, we're looking at new ones all the time.
Mark A. Snell: I would say that the economics are very similar or sort of within 75 basis points of each other. Our returns, we don't really announce what the returns are, but the prices are cheaper because of the cost of this – of the product of both in wind and solar has dropped dramatically and that's made a big difference.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah. And I would just add to that we have developed transmissions lines outside of the U.S. as well. We've been one of the – we've done a good job of building transmission in Chile, we've built some things in Peru. And so it's not – we're not without experience outside of the U.S. as well. So, I think given the combination of experience that we have and our relationship with the CFE, I think we're in – we should be in very good standing to be competitive in that market.
Mark A. Snell: And I guess I would just add to that too is that, all of our large assets that we expect to be – essentially fully contracted and moving forward, and if you look at our pipelines in Mexico, our LNG facilities, all of those we believe have expansion capability. And so it's not like – even though they're fully contracted for their current size, we think all of them can – especially in Mexico, we're in the process of expanding capacity on some of our existing pipelines and adding additional revenue. We're looking obviously at Train 4 to Cameron. We're looking at additional facilities. So I think we've got a lot of growth left in a lot of our major assets. So we really wouldn't be looking at that at this time. We want to be completely sure that we capture all of that growth and all of that additional revenue. But I think for more mature assets down the road, as Debbie said, we always look at that stuff.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah, I guess my only add to that would be – I think when we looked at this, in the beginning I think we had some skepticism and then as we watched these things progress over the last few years, it was clear to us that there was a cost of capital advantage to these entities and that was worth taking advantage of and we had ideal assets, and we still do have ideal assets for that kind of vehicle that was valuing cash flows at very high multiples or very low yields. But I think to your point, Paul, and it's a very good one, which is does this disruption in the market give us some pause to think that this was more – something like a passing fad. And I think at the end of the day, I think there's a high probability that these long, sustainable cash flows will continue to garner a yield that makes the capital look really – that makes the cost of the capital look really attractive. But I do think that we have to kind of make sure that we're in a market that supports that for the long haul and that there's enough liquidity in that market that, as Debbie said, the ones that have – that truly aren't tainted by underlying commodity prices can shine, and can still garner that low cost. And that's got to be proven and whether that can happen in the next six months or a year, we don't know. But I think we're going to keep our options open and look at it and take advantage of it, if it makes sense. And if it doesn't, we're perfectly okay to keep – to do the course that we are on, which is just as a C corp and I think we can be very competitive with cost of capital and we've got a great business here. So the good news is our underlying assets and business are super – are just really sound and we don't have to avail ourselves of any one particular mechanism to raise capital. We have lots of opportunities for that and we can meet our capital needs without any real problem.
Mark A. Snell: And, Greg, let me just add to that. In South America, you're on point and say, we do get adjustments in our tariff primarily from inflation, but also FX too. But what we have seen in South America this year, it's a little bit unusual. We've seen currency devaluation without underlying inflation in those countries. So, we're not getting the inflation adjustments for our tariff. So, it's really not putting as much rate pressure on as you might expect. I'm not sure that's a good thing. I mean, we'd like to get the adjustment, but we're just not seeing high inflation in those countries. What we're seeing is just strengthening of the dollar and is probably more has to do with more U.S. policy and the strength of the dollar worldwide than it has to do with really underlying weakness in those economies.
