Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Sempra's second quarter consolidated earnings were $269 million or $1.08 per share. This compares to adjusted earnings of $258 million or $1.04 per share in the same quarter last year. Moving to guidance. As Debbie just mentioned, we now expect to be at or above the midpoint of our 2014 guidance of $4.25 per share to $4.55 per share. Let me elaborate a bit on what this guidance range includes. Consistent with our development and partnership model for renewables, we include the promote we recorded on the CMS 3 project in the first quarter and the promote we will record on ESJ next quarter for the formation of these joint ventures. We also now include the $9 million additional charge we recorded in the first quarter related to the SONGS settlement agreement. However, we do not include any possible gain on the sale of the remaining block of our Mesquite combined cycle power plant, nor do we include anything for the tax reform proposals being discussed in Chile. Before proceeding to earnings for each of the business units, I would like to also mention one timing-related factor I discussed on last quarter's call. Remember that in the first quarter of 2013, we recorded a $63 million deferred tax expense related to the IEnova IPO restructuring. In the first quarter of 2014, we recorded $12 million of estimated deferred tax expense to reflect a portion of the planned repatriation for this year. We recorded another $12 million of deferred tax expense in the second quarter of 2014. Our estimated annual tax rate reflects the recording of deferred tax expense each quarter in accordance with the full year as planned repatriation. Now let's turn to Slide 5 for details on SDG&E. At SDG&E, earnings for the second quarter were $123 million, up from adjusted earnings of $115 million in the second quarter of 2013. We are really very pleased with this result as the increase was due primarily to higher CPUC-based margin and improved operating performance. Please turn to Slide 6. For SoCalGas, second quarter earnings were $80 million. Compared with the second quarter of 2013, SoCalGas had $9 million in higher CPUC-based margin and improved operating results. Offsetting items included a higher tax benefit in the second quarter of last year and certain cost to our Pipeline and Safety Enhancement Plan, or PSEP. Specifically, we incurred $6 million of PSEP costs in prior periods that were denied recovery in the final PSEP decision. Now let's move to Sempra International on Slide 7. At our South American utilities, second quarter earnings were $42 million, up from earnings of $34 million in the second quarter of 2013. The increase was due in part to higher operating earnings from growth in customers and energy sales combined with reduced costs. In addition, we had a $4 million loss in the second quarter of last year from the sale of our investments in Argentina. For Sempra Mexico, second quarter earnings were $34 million versus earnings of $26 million in the same period last year. $11 million of AFUDC equity earnings in the second quarter largely accounts for this increase. As you will recall, we began recording AFUDC equity on the Sonora pipeline since it is an asset that has a regulated rate of return and qualifies for regulatory accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP. Partially offsetting the AFUDC earnings was the effect of foreign currency translation on deferred tax balances in the second quarter of 2013. Now please turn to Slide 8. At Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, the Natural Gas segment earned $4 million in the second quarter of 2014. Second quarter earnings are lower this year compared with last year due primarily to mark-to-market gains on our gas storage positions in the second quarter of 2013. Second quarter earnings for the Renewable segment were $18 million versus $15 million in the same period last year. The increase is largely attributable to higher operating performance and deferred tax benefits for assets currently being placed in service. With that, let me hand the call back to Debbie to discuss Slide 9.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie, and Steve, thanks for the question. As she said, it's some subject that we spend a fair amount of time on because it's very important to us and to the shareholders. And we're looking at the MLP space and the YieldCo space, actually, and the ones that have the highest visible growth, particularly, with large drop-down portfolios, those have the lowest yields and the potential for the highest value. And so let me tell you a little bit more about that we really are doing. We're continuing to evaluate the value proposition and we're studying the legal and financial aspects of both the MLP and the YieldCo space. And as we've noted before, having the clear growth strategy for the business is a critical element. So we're very excited about our growth at Sempra and focused on executing, as Debbie said, on all these projects that we're doing. At the same time, we're focused on getting the best market value for the shareholders on this growth and that current MLP YieldCo structure offer good opportunity for that. So we haven't made a decision at this time, which of the structures is exactly the right one, but we are very focused on it and looking at it and continuing to evaluate all of these opportunities.
Joseph A. Householder: I was saying that we're open -- we're looking at all of that. We're trying to determine what vehicle might, exactly, be the best, and we are keeping our options open as to what the right vehicle is. So at this point, it's open.
Joseph A. Householder: That would be probably the primary asset other than the ones that we've spoken about before that would go into an MLP.
Joseph A. Householder: We've spoken about it a little, we haven't really done much analysis on it. It's a lot more complicated, obviously. And inside the utility, it probably wouldn't fit that well, but it's certainly something that we are keeping an open mind about.
Joseph A. Householder: Kit, while we haven't made any decisions at this point about the exact timing or asset composition, I will remind you, what we talked about on the first quarter, the things that are going on at REX that we talked about today and last quarter are really exciting because it does give us additional cash flow starting in the middle of next year that we can use in this regard. However, I did note that because we have a 25% interest in REX, it can't be the only asset that goes in there because of some 40 Act issues, so we need other assets. So what we've talked about is using some of the cash flow from REX, using -- as we get further along, obviously, the cash flows from Cameron, and now that we have FID, that puts us in great stead for that. But we have some additional cash flows from our LNG facility in Mexico that, actually, are in the U.S. and we would use those. We have some other, a little bit of midstream asset revenues not including the storage that we would put in there. And then if we did something broader, we could also include renewable revenues. But I think, given what's happened with REX, given that we now have FID, I think we have a mix of assets that we can use, as you call, sort of, a bridge to do something between now and 2018, 2019.
Joseph A. Householder: As I started out to say, we haven't made any decisions at this point about the exact timing, so more to come.
Joseph A. Householder: I'll say one other thing. Obviously, we talked about the CFE pipelines in the U.S, Mark spoke about that, and we think we have a good opportunity to capture some of that. That would be an additional help that would get us there.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, over the next several years. This year, it will be just a little under 30, and over the next several years, in the low-30s. Pretty stable.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. I'll start, and we did put a slide in the package because we do understand the REX issues are kind of confusing. So if I could refer you to the slide and the slide number is 17. I think that would help you understand what's in and what's not in the plan. So let me kind of walk you through that. If you look at the Seneca lateral piece of that, that's 0.6 Bcf, and about 0.25 Bcf of that went into service in June of this year. That piece was in our plan. We expected that to happen. That was in our 5-year plan. But what has now been contracted is an additional $1.6 billion in addition to that, and that comes in over phases. The next phase of that is another $400 million or so that will come in at the end of this year and provide some upside to our plan in next year and beyond. And then the remaining 1.2 Bcf comes into service in the middle of next year. And that is, again, incremental to what we had in our 5-year plan. So this is a really positive thing for us, just with what we have under contract. In addition to that, there was a non-binding open season that was conducted in May, and that we're in negotiations with parties on the results of that. And we will announce the results of that when we've concluded those negotiations which are underway right now.
Debra L. Reed: And again, I would just say, none of that was in the plan. So whatever that is, that was not in the plan either.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, what I'm going to do is I'll just give you a high level, and then I'm going to turn it to Mark to go through kind of project-by-project and what we're looking at there. I would say, the great thing that we have is that when we look at our Cameron facility, it is a very commercially-viable facility. It's -- we think, it's really well positioned in the marketplace, and we also believe our ECA facility would be very well positioned in the marketplace. So a lot of effort is underway to look at kind of the next steps at those facilities, and then we have this wonderful location with Port Arthur, and what might we be able to do with that. So we are very focused on kind of the next steps, and let me turn it to Mark to talk a little bit about that.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. You asked the question, Julien, about the DOE, non-conditional FTA. And going through the conditional FTA was really where the review, the extensive review occurred with DOE. So we would anticipate in the next few months to see the DOE, non-conditional FTA. We've seen, recently, other companies get their conditional FTAs. We haven't seen any change in criteria, so we would expect that to be coming out in the next couple of months. And then, that would allow us to begin, really, full construction on the site. But we are doing some site preparation activities. We've gotten the authority from FERC to be able to do that. And so, we're, actually, working on the site right now.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We did -- and I think a couple of things, Steve. We've given you the range of $9 billion to $10 billion. We're still in that range. And we looked at the financing, the financing came in very competitively, as I mentioned in my comments. What we're looking at now is, at the $10 billion range, being somewhere towards the middle of the range that we've given you, for the first few years of operation. And then as the loan starts to be amortized, we would anticipate that, over time, the annual earnings would be $400 million or so. So $300 million to $350 million is still a range we would see being closer to the midpoints of that range in the first few years of operation, and then we would see being in excess of $400 million after the loan starts to amortize.
Debra L. Reed: I can't really answer that question. I will tell you that it's something that is a big focus for us, and that we're going to put a lot of energy into it, just like we did getting Cameron done. But that -- you got to get -- you got to do the same things we went through Cameron. And the good thing is we've been through the FERC process on that site, so it's not a new site to go through the FERC process. So, kind of, telling you a timeframe on that, I can't tell you. I'm hoping it would be expedited because we've already been through the FERC process on that site, but I really can't give you a timeframe at this point.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me have Joe talk about that because we continue to do work in this area. And clearly, with the situation with REX being as positive as it is, we constantly are looking at that. So let me ask Joe to hit that.
Debra L. Reed: I would just add to that. We'll look at that in conjunction also, with the timing, and as I've said before, part of the analysis is looking at, with an asset as valuable as Cameron, how does the timing set, with splits and things like that? So all of that kind of analytical work is part of our assessment.
Debra L. Reed: The timing on the current path is sometime in the middle of 2015 as that is -- it's expected to go in service. And I think, just go through the increments again to be sure the numbers that you have are consistent. We have $200 million to $250 million in service now, and that was in the plan. We add, incrementally, $350 million to $400 million at the end of this year, and that's additive to the plan. And then, we would add the remainder to get to the $1.8 billion, which is another $1.2 billion in the middle of next year some time.
Debra L. Reed: And then on the Clarington West, the timeframe on that is not certain because with that -- a lot of that has to do with how you design it, and what the volumes are and how you design it. So we don't know what the timeframe of that would be.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. There would be compression for one piece of it, and then there would be looping for the other piece of that. And for what we've done so far, the capital is really not very large at all, I think it was like $70-some-odd million, $80 million.
Debra L. Reed: Well, the ranges that we gave you in March of this year, we would anticipate being in those ranges for SoCalGas.
Debra L. Reed: Before I take another question, I just wanted to comment on something back on the REX sheet to be sure everyone was clear. On the sheet that we have at 17, it says 25% of the volumes. I just want to remind everyone that we own 25% of REX. So when we're talking about 1.8 Bcf and 2.4 Bcf, not all of that flows to Sempra. I think you all know that, but I just don’t want to mislead anyone. Okay. We're ready for the next question.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I'll just start by saying that we are really excited about the opportunities in Mexico, and the good thing that we have is we have the infrastructure there, we have the team there, we have the ability to get pipes to the job, we have all of that because we've done projects. So I think that, that -- why competition is probably going to be higher than we saw in the past. I think also being on the ground with the projects that we already have there provides us a great competitive advantage in terms of our ability to show that we can deliver on these projects. And then we have the 2 projects coming in this year that are on schedule, on budget, and there are not very many companies that have that kind of proven track record. So I think we're in really good position to compete, and there's a lot of projects that are going to come out, and we're going to be, as we have in the past, selective of which ones we bid on, the ones that we feel we can be most competitive.
Debra L. Reed: Well, like I said within the next couple of months. I mean, we're not sure. It could happen soon, it could happen -- as DOE is looking at it, I think that one of the considerations was what kind of comments would come in on the FERC issue. And since that appears to have been that there were no comments that were filed timely, that, that may change how DOE focuses on it. Certainly, Senator Landrieu has already sent a letter that was made public asking DOE to act quickly on this. And as I said, it's not stopping us from getting on site right now and doing some of that pre-work. But the sooner we can get it, the better. So we're very anxious to have DOE act quickly and hope they will.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, actually, I think that's the real positive that we have. If you look at SDG&E as example, our filed notice of intent to file the rate case set forth a number of $168 million increase. And on a combined electric and gas build, that's about 1.4%. And then on SoCalGas, we're looking at a $290 million increase, and that's about 5.5% increase in a bill. But I will remind you that in both cases, the bills are already much lower than the national average. So I think that we have operated our utilities efficiently over time. I think there's a benefit in that and going in to these rate cases and asking for what we really need to operate those businesses very efficiently and have it not be huge increases in customer rates.
Debra L. Reed: Okay, Mike, I'll answer the first and then I'll ask Mark to talk about the capital requirements under the different phases, if that's public and -- when I'm not sure, I guess, that's not public information. So I won't answer that part of your question. But I will answer the first part of your question. The non-binding open season went out in May and now, we're in negotiations with participants in that non-binding open season relative to contractual commitments. So however long it takes to secure those is the kind of timeframe that we're looking at. And that's why I said I think we would anticipate something in the next couple of months most likely.
Debra L. Reed: And just to, kind of, add a flavor of the big numbers we're talking about over time. As part of the infrastructure program that the Mexican government has announced, they've announced 15 generation projects worth $13.6 billion, 17 gas pipelines for $13.1 billion, and 7 electric transmission lines for $1.7 billion. So you're talking about tens of billions of dollars of investment in Mexico. And they're moving forward on it. So we think this is going to be a great opportunity area for us.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, what we've had in our plan and what we continue to have in our plan is repatriating $300 million a year. And that -- we look at that based upon the needs of capital in those countries. As we've told you before, we have a lot of debt capacity left, and so that's what we would go to first. And then, we have the ability to issue equity in those 2 countries. We would look at that as well. So right now, what we're planning on is still the $300 million a year repatriation.
Debra L. Reed: Now everything that's located physically in Mexico would be an IEnova position. As Joe said, there are some contracts that relate to gas that are not -- that are tied to ECA but are U.S. assets. Those would remain in the U.S. But to the degree that we developed ECA, to the degree that we're doing pipelines in Mexico, those would be Mexican assets under IEnova. To the degree that some of these Mexican bid pipelines occur in the U.S., those would not be part of IEnova.
Debra L. Reed: That is yet to be determined. And we'll look at the option that makes sense for each of those facilities. We have great respect and have worked really well with the partners that we have at Cameron, but that model doesn't have to continue on, and we would be looking at what model would make sense for us at each of the facilities.
Debra L. Reed: It depends on what kind of contracts we had. And all of that -- all I can say is it really depends. I would not preclude it, but it would have to also fit within our Sempra risk profile, and that's what we would look at.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I would say, I'm going to have Mark talk about it. But I would say, one potential customer probably for ECA would be Hawaii so...
Debra L. Reed: Well, we think that's moving forward, and we're very positive on that. I mean, what we've seen in the queue is that we spent a lot of money going through the FERC process, and that it doesn't cost that much to go through the DOE process for our company, but they can block you in terms of timing for the queue. And that, we really like the idea of the FERC process, kind of, becoming the driver because that's what requires all the engineering, all the environmental work, all the things to really make the business decision on the facility. And we think that this change in process will actually help us in terms of the development of additional size for trains because we've gone through that process. And there -- I will tell you, it is a stringent process, and you can see now that are not very many companies that have made it through the whole FERC process. In fact, we're the first one that made it through the whole EIS process. So we think it's an advantage to us, as a developer, having had the experience with that for them to make those modifications.
Debra L. Reed: Well, [indiscernible] your level of seriousness on these projects is tied to the FERC process. And so, that your expenditures and your level of seriousness -- and with the process that DOE was using with every few months one coming out, you could have projects that may not get developed, may not get the financing, may not have the customers, and have not even begun the FERC process move ahead in the queue because they filed something that didn't cost them anything really to file. And so we think the FERC process, really, drives your true commitment because when you file at FERC, you have invested a lot to get there. And so we're supportive of what DOE is looking at.
Debra L. Reed: I also would say that there's just a lot of things that have been happening in some of the international gas markets that are affecting us. Clearly, what's happening in Russia has a big effect. China just announced that their development of their shale is not progressing as they had anticipated, and it's going much slower and much lower production rates and more expensive. And so I think, those factors will play out over the next 3 to 5 years, where you have greater visibility in those areas, which have a lot of impact on what happens to the LNG market as well.
Debra L. Reed: Thank you, all, very much. As always, we have a top-notch Investor Relations team, and that they are there to answer any follow-up questions that you have following our call today. So if you have any additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations group. And thank you so much for joining us today on the call.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. Well, what happened was we were in a competitive bidding situation and we were in a consortium with other bidders -- I mean, with other participants in our consortium. And one of our members at the last -- kind of, at the last moment decided to change ownership percentages, and that caused us to have a technical disqualification. And so our bid was rejected, although we did open it publicly and announced it, and it was the best bid, it was the low bid, so I think would have won. And it was just unfortunate that we had this, sort of, technical problem that caused our bid to be disqualified. But I think it gave us a lot of encouragement in the sense that having gone through this process on this pipeline, and there's other projects coming up, that we were obviously very competitive. We came up with the lowest price. We think we had a better route and a better approach to the project. And so I think we're sort of emboldened to think that we're going to be very -- quite competitive in the future. It's unfortunate we have this little setback. But I think, moving forward, we look upon this, our group, as positively, as one that we can win projects down there.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I'll take that. This is Mark. Obviously, the expansion is less expensive per ton of production than even the brownfield conversion to a certain extent. As you get bigger and bigger, then you start -- then it becomes less effective because you might have to add tankage and stuff. But with what we're considering, I think we would be very cost competitive. So the cost wouldn't be -- would be less than what we're currently contemplating, and I think that's what going to make it very attractive. We would expect similar kinds of returns as we would get. So I think that we would probably share those efficiencies with the market to make sure that we can sell the capacity. So I think those are all positives. And then with respect to ECA, a little different facility there, a little different footprint. But I think, roughly speaking, the economics are somewhat the same, but ECA would likely be a smaller facility or will be a smaller facility.
Mark A. Snell: No, I mean, it really -- they have to be kind of done sequentially. And it's not just the construction issue, but also the terms of the financing require us to finish the projects that are being financed first. So unless we redid some of the financing, we -- it's -- they have to be done sequentially.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, it could be a little shorter than that. I mean, one of the things we are doing, we are constantly looking at the construction schedule and the construction that we're doing and we, kind of, call it a no-regrets construction policy, which is we're anticipating further expansion as we build. So there are certain things that we can kind of pre-build into the process so that we don't have to go back and redo it. So I think we can save some time there. So it may not be quite as long a timeframe as trains 1 through 3, but it would probably be sequential.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I think the reality is the expansion of Cameron is probably up there. It's probably first, but very close behind is ECA, and that's, probably, almost a push as to which one could go first. Probably -- actually, ECA could start earlier than the expansion. So I think both of those are, kind of, at least, equal. And then Port Arthur, because it's a greenfield facility, obviously, would take longer to develop, and it could be quite a big facility. So that's further down the road. I'd kind of -- but I'd keep ECA and Cameron, kind of, neck and neck.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. I think, well, like Debbie said, there's 2 out right now, and we're actively working on those bids. And then the next 5 that are coming out of those, 2 big ones are in the United States that are for CFE. Those will be, probably, hotly contested just because they are the MLPs and everybody can compete with those. So we expect that to be -- have more bidders than the ones in Mexico. But we do believe that we have some unique things, properties that we can bring to the bid, to our bid, and then -- and I think that we can try to -- we can be competitive, and we should have a good chance to do that. And we've had a long history, obviously, working with the CFE, so I think that should bode well in our favor. But then there's -- and then beyond that, there is a whole list of pipeline opportunities that are scheduled to come in -- to come out in the first half of '15. And obviously, we're even beginning to look at some of those and be prepared for those. But there is, certainly, a long list of opportunities on the natural gas pipeline side. But then we also have -- there are electric transmission projects and power generation projects, also product lines for PEMEX. So I mean, I think, the story here is that energy reform in Mexico is going to produce billions and billions of dollars of capital opportunities for companies that have a history of operating in Mexico, and our positioning with our IEnova subsidiary makes us probably the premier energy company to bid on these competitive projects. We're the second largest energy company in Mexico behind PEMEX, and we're really the hometown incumbent there. So I think we feel very good about our chances of being successful and participating in this reform, and we certainly look forward to continuing to grow our business down there.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, look, I think, the reason we mentioned it is because there is, obviously, a real need there, and this is one of those interesting situations where bringing LNG into the island would do -- would have 2 beneficial effects. One, it would be a much cleaner burning fuel source for electricity because they're using fuel oil now. And two, it would actually lower their costs because they would go from a crude-based pricing to a natural gas-based pricing. So it's really got a double benefit and a clear need, and we think the desire on the part of the Hawaiian -- of the state government and the local utilities there to move with this direction. So we think there's going to be an opportunity there, and ECA is the natural, logical supply source. So that's why it was mentioned. We don't have an agreement. We don't have -- well, we've been talking to them. We think that there's a possibility, someday, of working something out, but we don't have anything. We don't have anything firm.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would say in the near term, say between now and 2020 to 2022, you'll see the development of, probably, the brownfield facilities because those will be the most cost-effective and that could be somewhere in the neighborhood of 7 Bcf to -- just call it 8 to 10 Bcf a day. And I think that's what is probably likely to happen, and then given the size -- and then, I think it'll probably depend a lot on how much the world market is going to grow. I mean, right now we're talking about -- there's some estimates out there that the market for LNG could double over the next 10 or 15 years in the world market, and that, obviously, would create additional opportunities for gas-producing countries. But we've said all along that we don't -- we think other gas-producing countries, especially, ones like Qatar and others that have low-cost reserves, are going to be competitive in this market and they're not just going to seed market share to the U.S. or Canada or the North American market in general on a whim. So at the end of the day, I think, there will be a demand for diversity of supply, which will include North America, and we're going to see other projects get developed and get built. We believe some of those will be ours. But at the end -- but it isn't an unlimited market and clearly, I think we're not approaching it, and I think responsible developers are not going to approach this with the idea that it's never-ending. And so you'll see a lot of proposed facilities, but at the end of the day, we think the actual ones that come online are the ones that will have sold their capacity. And that capacity market is going to be -- it's going to be looking for diversity, it's going to be looking for certainty of supply, and that bodes well for the North American market, and so I think it'll continue to grow. But it's going to be 2022 kind of 10 Bcf a day sort of market and kind of grow from there.
