StephenByrd: Families are doing okay in this challenging time. I wanted to first just touch on ECA and the process from here in terms of the export permit. Could you just talk in a little more detail in terms of just what the steps are to get through that process? The review by SENER and sort of just where we stand just so we can try to follow that a little - a little more closely.
StephenByrd: Understood. So if I'm sort of hearing that correctly certainly Covid can cause delays but it's not as if there's some sort of change out of politically or policy-wise just that would drive a different outcome or more challenge than we've seen before.
StephenByrd: That's really helpful color. And if I could just follow up separately on Oncor, we've always liked the growth outlook in Texas. I wondered if you could just refresh us in terms of just potential areas for additional spending, other policy objectives in the state or just any other areas of upside as you look at your Texas business.
JeffMartin: Thanks Stephen for that question. I'll provide a little bit of context where we're at from the LNG standpoint and then I'll pass it to Dennis who's been following that closely both on the US government side as well as the Mexican side. I think one of the things that we just like to call out for purposes of this call is we've long talked about the competitive advantages of our companies, Stephen, around scale and financial strength in the LNG space. Our long history in the natural gas space dating back to the middle part of the 1800s. The geographically advantaged nature of our project and the fact that four out of five of them are brownfield project, which we believe gives us a cost advantage. So assigning three contracts in the last three weeks. I think, it speaks to the importance of these advantages and we talked about a little bit in our prepared remarks. We've been very, very clear and consistent about our view of there being a deficit and needed export infrastructure all around the world in the middle part of the decade. And I think, as you think about the market dislocation is occurring in the oil and gas market. This is the time where we think that the need in the middle part of the decade will only become more acute because the low prices of today are allowing for greater market penetration for LNG both in new markets in Europe and particularly East Asia by the way. And I think that this same market is challenging. Many of the other less well capitalized developers. So to get two new contracts essentially to sell out the capacity of ECA is a big positive. And I would also mention this is the first time ever in the history of our company, we've had all of our customers at Cameron sign up for Phase 2. So that's a nice step forward as we look to continue to development there, but the next big step in terms of FID is the heart of your question, which is the SENER permit and I'll pass that to Dennis for additional commentary.
JeffMartin: I'd also add to Dennis's point, Steve, too is the level of support we've had from the Secretary of Energy, Secretary of State, the entire administration here in the United States has also been quite helpful. So I mean our forecast remains that we'll get the SENER permit in the second quarter. We've got the right team in place to do it. I think we have to be sensitive to the fact that everyone not just the United States, but in Mexico is taking the Covid challenge very seriously. And that's certainly impacting the delay as the agencies are currently shut down.
JeffMartin: Sure. I'll tackle that at a high level. We've got the benefit of having Allen online and I'll pass it to Allen. And I'll go back to kind of fundamentals of Sempra is. I think if you've followed Stephen for a long time we've really been trying to strategically reposition the company more around utility investments in the United States and secondly specifically T&D investments. So California really is an infrastructure opportunity because we're decoupled here. This is all about deploying capital for safety and reliability in the state of California. Very, very similar in Texas not all is Oncor not commodity exposed, they don't own generation. So we're very attracted to that T&D business model, the Allen lay down at our Investor Day $11.9 billion record five-year capital program for his business and you may recall he had a separate slide on additional capital opportunities. So even though they're seeing some impacts from the pandemic in Texas like a lot of other places. Number one Governor Abbott is reopening the state. And number two really interesting feedback on the demand even in ERCOT, a year-over-year demand in Q1 was up not down which is interesting and one of the things I've been intrigued by is even as you think about impacts in the Delaware basin or the Permian, you still have a very high percentage of drillers. They're using standby generation and there's a huge price discount, it allows them to lower the marginal cost of production, if they can connect to the grid. So the activity in Allen's team remains quite high. But I'll stop and, Allen, if you can provide some more commentary about the diversity of your load and the diversity of your growth. I think that might be helpful to Stephen. 
JeffMartin: Shar, I appreciate the question. And I think I'll start back in 2017 in the summer. We were looking at making the investment in EFH. We spent a lot of time with the agencies in around how we would finance the transaction. You may recall we even increased the amount of equity we used in that transaction to accommodate kind of our goals. At that time, we set out a goal that would support an investment grade plus rating to acquire that business. And one of the things you recall we did was we actually laid out a broader strategic reposition of the business about how we were moving from being South America invested to be and North American focused and not just in North America but around a different quality of asset around T&D, which I think lowered our business risk profile. At that point in time, we laid out some goals with the agencies through 2030. I mean through 2020 I'm sorry. And I think part of the discussion we had in Investor Day and on this call is really is the progress we're making toward those goals. So I think our business today with Cameron coming online with us more invested in North America and with us more invested with regulatory diversity into Texas and particularly pure-play T&D. We've made a lot of progress. I think, Trevor, perhaps you can update us on the metrics that we're tracking to and how you think we're doing for the rest of the year with the agency.
JeffMartin: Shar. I appreciate giving us the opportunity to clarify that. If you go back and look at the prepared remarks, what we're really talking about was the level of capital efficiency that we could generate from a relatively ambitious capital rotation program that we announced in the first half of 2018. Because as you see on that slide, it talks about announcement pending proceeds of about $8.3 billion and we bought Oncor for $9.45 billion, I mean, the EFH portion of Oncor as well as spending about another $1 billion on InfraREIT to us effectively taken place is we've taken non-core assets or assets in South America and in the process of selling those we've effectively rotated them into Oncor and InfraREIT. And this really goes to the heart of your credit question because you're getting higher quality earnings and you're getting a lower risk profile. And I think that's reflected in the original commitments we made to the agencies back in 2017. And then I would just go on to say that we're opening up a center of excellence in the second half of this year in Houston at the Galleria that's really to support the growth in Justin's business and LNG is we look could continue to support both Cameron Phase 2 and Port Arthur from that Houston office. So look, it is a market of strategic significance to us. I think the purpose of that slide, Shar; it's really highlighted capital efficiency of rotating from those businesses into a new market for us.
JeffMartin: That's interesting. We talked a little bit about, yes, we talked a little bit about that the overall growth profiling in ERCOT was up year-over-year and then Allen has some data for April 1. I think as you expect it's going to be different by asset class. But I think at least now and you can speak to this. I think your overall distribution revenues are up in April compared to last year. But I'll let you speak to what you're seeing on the system.
JeffMartin: That's correct, Jeff, both on the CapEx over the next couple of years as well as the report that we started has 40% of oil and gas load basically in the region on self-gen. Thank you. 
JeffMartin: Sure, Steve. I'd be glad to. I'll provide a little bit contexts about how I'm thinking about it and Trevor can speak to some of the drivers in the quarter. Well, I think we feel fairly confident going forward. One of the things we've done as a team, Steve, is I think back to what we tried to accomplish in 2019. You may recall having followed us that we had original guidance of $5.70 to $6.30. And in the second half a year, we raised last year's guidance just $6.00 to $6.50 and still exceeded that. You may recall just in our Q4 call we reported full-year adjusted earnings of $6.78. So we had a banner year yet last year with record earnings of $1.91 billion on adjusted basis. So to put that in perspective in the first quarter of this year we have produced and recorded roughly one half of the earnings from full year 2019, right. So even though it's early in the year, we have a pretty robust view of what we think we should accomplish. And a lot of it, Steve, is driven by the fact that across our utilities we remain on track with our capital programs which are fairly aggressive. and I'll conclude before passing to Trevor that one of the things we've agreed to do on our team is as we go into the summer, we're going to do a full bottoms up on our 2020 and our 2021 guidance range and make sure that we're in a position to make the appropriate adjustments as we go into our Q2 call. So we're quite bullish on our forecasts for 2022 and we're going to try to update that and take a second look at 2021 as we are closer to our August call But, Trevor, perhaps you can talk about some of things that you're seeing from the quarter that causes our confidence level to be high for the remainder of the year.
JeffMartin: One of the things to remember Steve was in our June Analyst Day, which was in New York in 2018, we went ahead and talked about our '18 guidance and our '19 guidance, and actually put out and published our 2020 guidance, right. The $6.70 to $7.50. So, we put out that $0.80 range back in June of 2018 and that's even as we were just starting the sales process for our solar and wind. We made a decision at that point to sell South America. So, we had executed across a relatively sweeping capital rotation program, at the same time that we've been rotating capital back in the California and Texas. So, I think what you're seeing is, we had strong momentum last year while we were executing our capital rotation program. And then, you're seeing that carry through into this year and we go through a pretty bottom up process to keep an evergreen plan. But look, I think what you're hearing is, we had a remarkable first quarter in 2020. We're guiding to the high end of the range. We typically don't change our guidance this early in the year. We're certainly going to be positively inclined as we review both 2020 and 2021 as we go into the summer.
JeffMartin: Thanks a lot, Jonathan. I'll start with some context and pass it to Trevor; he'll review the rule of thumb and will go through the financial statement impacts. But I always want to go back to first principles, which, we've been in this business for about 20 years in Mexico, and one of the things I think has really been a critical advantage for us, has been that our contract portfolio is U.S. dollar denominated, which is a big plus in that market, and we've got contract tenor in that portfolio of over 20 years. So, we have a great long-term contracted portfolio, which is U.S. dollar based. And that comes with the obligation that at year-end, you remit your tax liability in pesos. So, Trevor's team has traditionally done a very good job of having a hedging strategy allows us to lock-in and supports our plan. And I'll pass it to Trevor to review the rule of thumb and the impact in the Q1 financial statement. And I think this is one of the things that is always important for us to talk about, when we talk about Mexico.
JeffMartin: So, Jonathan, we take roughly the same approach every year, it's largely based on a costless collar. And we don't typically lock in and we have a range that we guide to and the whole goal really is to minimize impact to the plan and I think we're comfortable with what our plan is today and what we've recognized. I think, Trevor is basically saying that it's skewed basically to protect you more on the downside than upside, so you usually have a little bit more openness to a positive movement than a negative movement. We don't spend a lot of dollars to lock in the plan at any number like this.
JeffMartin: Thank you, very similar to what we're experiencing in Mexico, obviously the healthcare crisis is impacting; it's a global issue, right. But we talked about this a little bit when we talked about our capital recycling program and current liquidity in my prepared remarks. But, certainly, Jonathan, we feel like we've got momentum coming out of the approved deal, the conversations now are really around closing mechanic. Dennis, perhaps you can provide us some additional color about our confidence level for May.
JeffMartin: So, I would just say that, as I've articulated earlier in today's call, Julien is that, we've spent a tremendous amount of time with all three agencies going back to the summer of 2017. And as we started a strategic repositioning of the Company, we laid out a set of metrics that we would guide to and that set of metrics was designed to a couple of things. Number one, we wanted on the qualitative side to make sure that we were taking steps to improve our business risk profile, at the same time that we made firm commitments around the balanced capital structure and moving to a 16% FFO to debt. So over the last three years, our targeted metrics have come down. We feel very comfortable about the commitments we've made. And what you're hearing Trevor say is, we're tracking to the commitments we've made in 2017 that were designed to make sure that we can maintain an investment grade plus credit rating. I do think Trevor has raised a good point. Some of the agencies have been more focused on whether the LNG business has a different risk profile. And I think what we point to there is, in contrast to 2017 where we were in construction mode, we're now in operating mode at Cameron and proceeding quite well toward Train 3 being online, that also will be very important. So I think what the agencies are looking for is, number one, can you complete your capital recycling program, and we're on track to do that in May of this year by closing Chile. Number two, can you Commission Train 3 on time, and then you may recall there are some guarantees related to the construction lending that falls away in the period of time after that. So we're tracking toward a basket of metrics that we've laid out going back to the summer of 2017. And we're also operationally, trying to hit our capital program produce high quality financial result and stick to our commitments around the capital recycling program. So Trevor made this comment that this is always a balance of interest, even having Port Arthur pushed into 2021, will take some pressure off those discussions. With each of the agencies, they have their own metrics that they evaluate and what we're trying to do is, we're trying to hit the ball right down the middle of the field, around the metrics that we committed to in 2017, we think our progress has been quite good.
JeffMartin: That's right. And look, we have great relationships with all of them. I mean this is a tough time for all of us, given the current market environment, I'm sure they are dealing with a lot of stuff too. We have very constructive relationships and what we're trying to do is, make sure in a very earnest way, Julien that we stick to the commitments that we've made regarding maintaining our investment-grade plus rating.
JeffMartin: Michael, you'll recall that we got our rate case approved in Q4 of last year. And this was the first ramp-based decision that the Commission has faced where Kevin and Brett laid out all the different types of spending requirements relative to the risk that they were counting in their operating environment and, in round figures, you saw an approved revenue requirement for SDG&E, that was a CAGR of about 5.7% annually across the three years of the rate case and closer to 8.5% for SoCalGas. So these were very, very robust spending requirements around robust needs on the capital side. So we knew, in Q4, and you saw the recognition is that related back to January 1 of 2019, it was a very robust decision for us, and it gave us a lot more certainty around the spending we needed to have for safety and reliability. And as you come into this year, you're seeing that spending take place. The one catch up piece which you're referring to is the FERC decision that decision relates back to June 1 of 2019. I think the key takeaway as you think about the guidance discussion we've had in our prepared remarks and during the Q&A is that our three utilities in general are right on track on the capital program and they're doing a great job of making sure that they're managing a very, very safe workplace and a safe environment for the community. So a lot of what you're hearing us talk about is we have a very constructive view of the rate decision. So think about this, we got not only a three-year rate decision, we got our cost of capital confirmed, then we got our transmission cost of capital at FERC confirmed and now we're filing for the attrition mechanisms for years four and five. So effectively, you've got a five-year runway for your California Utilities on this rate case. You have a constructive attrition mechanism; you've locked in your cost of capital in the State of California. And just in the last six weeks, you've locked in your FERC cost of capital. So the level of visibility we have to a constructive regulatory environment in California is probably as high as it's ever been since I've been with the Company.
JeffMartin: Anthony, this is Jeff. I appreciate the question. We certainly think that what's unique about Port Arthur; you'll recall that that's the one Greenfield project we have in our portfolio. The other four are brownfield and have a cost advantage, and the real value of Port Arthur is its scale. So there are really three mega projects on the drawing board globally today. Arctic LNG, which is going forward in North Russia; the Qatari project, which has been delayed; and the Port Arthur project. And I think we've got the benefit of having Justin with us here today and maybe Justin, you can talk about where we're at on the marketing side and what you're doing to actually make that project more competitive.
JeffMartin: So it's a good question, and I think that we have tried to be very, very disciplined on the management team and with our Board of Directors of laying out a strategic repositioning of the company, right. So we've had a pretty sweeping program over the last two plus years. I think the team has executed very well, I think, Dennis and Trevor and Kevin Sagara and others have all been part of that program. So we're very pleased with the fact that we've gone from being a Western Hemisphere focused company to being a North American focused company and specifically in North America, we're coming much more weighted toward U.S. utilities with less focus on California, more going toward Texas. I think one of the things I would take away from your question is, Oncor is a very unique opportunity, right, you had 80% position in a pure play T&D Company, probably the number one asset in America that had some distress around it and it was something we had looked at for a long period of time. So it was an opportunity, as part of capital recycling to go into Texas with a marquee purchase. But look, we don't, we don't talk about future M&A, really I think what we're really focused on is we have a very attractive capital program and we're going to execute it with a lot of discipline and focus.
JeffMartin: No, I would just say that I think we're really excited about the progress we've made at Cameron, right? So as we bring the third train of Cameron on in Q3 of this year, that is a really valuable asset to us. We're going to be very, very disciplined. We talked about this at our Investor Day. Certainly, we've made a great step forward with ECA. Now, ECA is a smaller project of about 2.5 million tons per annum and I would also note that the tolling structure at Cameron was fairly unique and having now for the first time all three MOUs in place is a positive signal for Cameron. So yes, Port Arthur is slipping a little bit, but as we go into the future, what you should expect us to do is look at all sources of capital. There is a tremendous amount of low cost private equity capital out there today and we'll look to basically approach this business model as an adjacency with a very disciplined approach and we've said before, we think that we'll either get a much significantly higher equity return that we do in our utilities or we will not proceed on a project. So by seeing us announce the contracts that you've seen at ECA that should be validating to you that we're seeing the opportunity to proceed in a disciplined way that returns a lot of value to our shareholders.
JeffMartin: Yes, it's interesting that you asked that question. I think that we're all learning about flexible work schedules and the value of working remotely. I mean, the building that I'm in currently, we've had almost practically all of our corporate staff working from home. So one of the things we're doing under the leadership of our Chief Human Resources Officer is part of the task force that Dennis heads up is, we're going to do an enterprise-wide look at how we think about workspace relative to people that can work from home, even though our Utilities today, which have been deemed essential workers, we have a large workforce in the field. We also have a lot - several thousand people working from home as well. So you're absolutely right. We've had two different cost initiatives over the last two years, led by the parent company and we will review as we transition folks back to work, what office space is needed and what type of changes we make to flexible working, but this is probably something that almost every business will be reviewing as they try to find ways to support their employees improve productivity and perhaps find ways to take more cost out of their business. But thank you for asking that question.
JeffMartin: We laid out at our Investor Day, kind of the five-year numbers for each of our business, what leads around the utilities and their total number, there is $11.9 billion, and what he was speaking to was obviously the certainty he had in '20 and '21. We haven't provided forward guidance relative to the certainty of the 2023 through 2024 numbers, but we feel very good about the capital program. And I think one thing that would make you feel a little bit better Ryan is, in the Investor Day presentation, Allen laid out another roughly $1 billion of capital in addition to the $11.9 billion and that provides that we made at Investor Day was, don't think about that as incremental capital to the $11.9 billion, it really gave Allen and Jim Greer and the team the opportunity that if one project slipped, they had plenty of other projects, whether it was maintenance CapEx or otherwise, that they can slip in there. So I think it was our perspective that, that incremental capital slide really was intended to give us confidence that there is $11.9 billion capital program there over five years.
JeffMartin: Sure. I think if you went back to our 2017 numbers, roughly 70% or just over 70% of the earnings composition of Sempra came from our California Utilities and we think California is a very constructive regulatory environment. We felt like longer term, we were looking for opportunities to get more regulatory diversity. We also think that Texas is a good role model by having their retail market separate and they have a pure T&D model. So as we thought about our strategy, our desire to have more of a bond like portfolio where we were not exposed to as much downstream consumer risk, nor exposed to upstream commodity or generation risks, the Texas marketplace very much reflects how we think about the best risk-reward for our stakeholders. So we certainly, we like the marketplace, we like it even in today's climate. I think as you heard Allen and the team talk about, the certainty they have around their capital program and their earnings forecast, it's really all the reasons why we wouldn't be in that marketplace and you saw us add to that portfolio with InfraREIT and we've announced that the opening of the Houston office to support our LNG growth. Even though Justin's team has delayed Port Arthur, if where Port Arthur to go forward that will be the largest civil works project in North America, right. So Texas is really is a market of priority for us. I think it achieves a lot - it checks a lot of boxes we think about strategically.
DennisArriola: Thanks Jeff and hi, Steven. Yes, look, there's no doubt that what's going on in Mexico with the pandemic has the government focused on that. And it is impacting the timing of the SENER approval. But I think that one of the other things - we've taken into consideration that this is the first time this SENER has had to approve an LNG export facility in Mexico. So it's a different animal for them. But having said that the discussions our teams have had with various members of the administration in Mexico, including the President himself that gives us great confidence that SENER permit is going to get approved. It's just a matter of timing and when you look at what's going on in Mexico and specifically in Baja California, this project is extremely important to that region given the number of jobs it's going to bring; the economic stimulus and just the impact it's going to have on the municipality. So we've been having conversation with the governor of the state and he's extremely supportive of this project and has spoken out on that. The other thing I've mentioned is when you look at this project; it's not only good for the US and our natural gas producers. But it brings badly-needed foreign direct investments Mexico. It brings natural gas to customers and businesses in the region and it also provides offtake customers in Asia with a highly competitive and strategic access point on the West Coast. So this is a winner. It's just a matter of time.
DennisArriola: No. We don't believe so. Again, I think everyone understands the economic impact and what this does not just to export gas through Mexico, but it actually brings natural gas to that region, which badly needs it.
DennisArriola: Sure. Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Jonathan. Yes, basically, as Jeff mentioned, we're focused on getting this thing done. I think given the fact that, China really was closed down in March and April; there is some back up in some of the approvals that have been taken place. But I'll point you to one important fact here, Space Act, which is the commission in China that approves M&A type investments outside the country; it has already approved State Grid International's investment in Chile. So that's really important. Everything that we're hearing from the State Grid International executives and their advisors and conversations that I've had, personally had with Chairman Shu of State Grid International is, they want to get this thing closed as soon as possible. This is very strategic to their company going forward. And as Jeff mentioned we're now focused really on the details and the logistics related to the closing. As you'll recall in Peru, we were able to do this virtually and we're trying to get everything done even though there is limited travel in and out of Chile. But given where we're at and the commitment and the motivation by State Grid to get this thing done, we're expecting to get it done before the end of the month.
DennisArriola: Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Jeff and Hi, Jeremy. Yes, from an IEnova standpoint, I think they're doing all the right things as Jeff said. Number one was they strengthened their overall liquidity position and cash and available credit lines, close to $1 billion as of right now. They've been focused on operating expenses, those things that don't need to be spent, are not being spent. And from a CapEx perspective, what I would tell you is that the Company, the management team in Mexico is really been focused on getting done those projects that are near completion. If you think about the storage terminals and some of the other projects that we have that are nearly done, those are going to be completed. In other cases, we're looking at other projects where we don't have all the - the full approvals or permits and talking with our customers to see if it makes sense for both parties to potentially push off or delay CapEx. So no major announcements to be made there today other than I think we're taking a very prudent look at what's happening in Mexico. I think we continue to believe that the energy picture in Mexico over the long term is a really positive one and IEnova is better positioned and anyone to take advantage of that, but I think the management team there is being very prudent about its resources.
AllenNye: You bet. Yes. And thanks Stephen for the question. And I think Jeff covered most of it, but just to reiterate our $11.9 billion over five years, we still feel good about the 3.5 based on what we know right now for this year. We actually have a little upward pressure. You may have seen we've spent a little more in Q1 than we had anticipated. But we still have - we have for example increased in generation interconnection request. I think the last time we talked we had about 10 at the analyst conference. We're up to 13 now for this year's plan. We are continuing to see some pressure in West Texas with our transmission projects out there, both on the construction clearances and on the right way side.  So we're seeing some increased CapEx there and while West Texas certainly we're going to see some offset with the customers delaying projects and things like that. Just as a data point as of last week, we did receive 22 initiative additional requests for new oil and gas load in West Texas. So we have our transmission projects that we're working, three-year project in West Texas to Jeff's point four, five with ERCOT last week identifies approximately 40% of the load in that region, oil and gas load is self-generating right now that we continue to build to those operators. I mentioned the renewable generation uptick and we're continuing invest in reliability projects and congestion relief in the area. So we feel good is based on what we know right now about our 3.5 this year as Jeff also mentioned in the Analyst conference we had a better part of a $1 billion identified as additional incremental. We'll just see how that goes, what the needs are; some of that is deferred maintenance based on the significant growth we've had over the last few years. But that's where we are right now. We feel good based on what we know about the 2.5. There are still opportunities on our system to invest. We connected 18,000 new premises in Q1. Some of those certainly will be deferred and delayed depending on how long this goes. But overall right now we feel good about our 2.5 and plus we have the incremental capital available, if necessary.
AllenNye: Sorry. Yes. I'm here. I hit the wrong button. Thanks for question, Steve. Here's what we've got for April. Overall distribution based revenues are up 1% versus April '19 that includes residential revenue increased by about 10% versus April last year C&I is down 5.5% versus last April. Weather normalized about 1.7% lower with distribution rate that based revenues about $4 million coming off a quarter of $150 million in revenue. So that's what we've got. That's what seen so far in April. We're continuing to expect weather to be the largest driver for the remainder of the year as we talked about before. Weather typically goes plus or minus 25 in revenues and plus or minus $20 million in net income. 16 of the last 21 years have been positive in that regard So we'll see what's going to happen there. And then as someone mentioned earlier on the call, I think it was Trevor, with the governor phasing the opening of Texas. We expect to see some positives there as well. But we'll just have to see how it goes as it opens. But those are the numbers we have for April so far. Thanks.
AllenNye: To try to address it this way, approximately 12% of our overall revenues come from West Texas; of that amount approximately 38% to 40% are on the industrial side. So the rest are residential or commercial. So that's probably some guidance on what the exposure is there. Jeff, I'm sorry I interrupted you.
TrevorMihalik: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the question, Shar. As Jeff said, we are continuing to target our FFO, the debt metric 16% by the end of the year and what we are also doing with the recycling of the capital targeting, our debt to cap ratio of around 50%. And we brought our Parent debt down to about 26% by the end of this year. So look, we continue to work with the agencies around our plan, help them understand how we've significantly de-risked this business. And as I said at the Analyst Conference and reiterated today. We don't have to issue equity to reach these metrics. I will say that our high BBB plus rating is important to us. But we also need to balance that with what's also important to our shareholders. And then the last thing I would also point out that we have pushed Port Arthur into 2021 and this is one of the areas that the rating agencies have raised that, if you get into LNG in a big way they would look at this and so we believe this is a very strong credit profile.
TrevorMihalik: Sure. Thanks Jeff. Good afternoon, Steve. Jeff really did cover a lot of this, but again I would direct you maybe to slide 14 of the deck where we did the waterfall up from last year. And again, if you take a look at some of the big drivers, you certainly are seeing the numbers at the California Utilities with the CPUC based operating margin up $174 million, very constructive rate case that we are now seeing the impact as we're implementing the rate case and providing safe and reliable service to our customers. Also, we had a good result from the FERC around the T05. And so, that also is in the transmission margin at SDG&E of $38 million as we implemented that. And then, again Cameron, we saw Train 2 come on a little early and we're hopeful that maybe Train 3 could come on a couple of weeks early and that will also give us a great deal of surety around where we're going to end up for the year. And then, Oncor continues, as Allen said, to implement their capital plan. So, we feel very, very good about the three utilities executing on this robust capital plan during the year. And then, of course, we do have mechanisms that are being put in place at the three utilities to protect from any potential downside associated with the pandemic. So again, I think that's why we felt pretty good about guiding to the upper end of the range.
TrevorMihalik: Perfect, thanks, Jeff. Yes, so, Jonathan, again, I would direct you to our rule of thumb that basically says, for every 5% move in the peso, it's roughly about a $45 million of earnings impact. And again, I want to emphasize that this earnings impact is really a non-cash impact. And so, you ultimately kind of have to pay the taxes. And as Jeff said, we're U.S. dollar denominated in Mexico, but we pay taxes in the peso. So, when you actually look at Table F, and Table F is that the detailed financials that we show by each of the businesses that we put out in the morning with regards to our press release. You'll see that there are three big line items that are being impacted by FX. It's really other income that was $283 million negative in the current period, and then you have the income tax line item, that's $307 million to our benefits and that's really kind of where all of the depreciating peso manifests itself on the P&L. And then, there are also line item equity earnings. And there is - the equity earnings really is the inter-company loan that we have with the marine pipeline and that's offset really - the FX impact there is the offset in the other income and expense line item. So, quite a few moving pieces, but as Jeff said, we do look to put a hedge strategy in place really to protect ourselves from very large moves on the upside or the downside and we're really kind of at that, bumping up against that right now with regards to any further P&L benefit.
TrevorMihalik: Yes, generally, Michael. If you look at that, the $174 million is the uplift from the rate case across the two utilities, but again because we got the rate case late in 2019, a piece of that are retroactive back and the piece that's retroactive, of the $174 million, it's roughly two-thirds retroactive. And then one-third is the continuing uplift from that number. So again, the $174 million is the full impact of the rate case. But if we had gotten the rate case on a timely basis, you could assume that roughly two-thirds of that $174 million would have been kind of not in a variance number.
