Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Jeff. 2017 was another successful year for Sempra. We were able to exceed our 2017 adjusted earnings guidance, while positioning ourselves to make 2018 a transformational year. We also affirmed 2018 EPS guidance and increased our annual common dividend by 9%. All of this can be attributed to execution of our operational plan and leveraging our growth drivers to add significant incremental investments. We look forward to carrying this momentum through 2018 and beyond. Before closing, I'd like to recognize Steve Davis, whose retirement we announced back in September; and Rick Vaccari, who will also be retiring in March. Together, they have contributed over 50 years of experience at the company. On behalf of the team at Sempra, we wish them both great happiness in retirement. And with that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop, to take your questions.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I think the timing of your question is great, Julien, because yesterday, Assemblyman Holden had the Utilities Committee come together, and President Picker from the PUC testified before, as did the Head of the PUC staff. And the two things that really came out of that meeting yesterday that I think are significant that we're starting to see as real changes are an urgency to resolve the issues of inverse condemnation and a recognition that there are several factors that impact the cause, the scope, and the spread of fires, and it is irrational to place all of that burden strictly on the utilities. And that was kind of the tone of the meeting yesterday, which I think is a real positive in terms of the focus on what needs to be done to correct that. One of the things they did yesterday is that the Commission's staff presented some of the best practices, and they relied heavily on the practices that SDG&E has put in place since the 2007 fires, with the use of technology and the actions to look at proactive deenergization when there are risk issues and all. So, I think two things are happening. I think that there is a focus now on having to resolve this inverse condemnation issue legislatively. At the conclusion of the hearing, they asked that the PUC attorneys work with the attorneys for the Assembly, and look at if they're interpreting the legal issues the same. So, I think there's going to be some movement in that area. And then further, I think this focus on what the utilities can control is the best practices and having the focus be on do the things that you can control, and then the state needs to have a more – a broader look at what can be done to reduce the fire risk, to improve our firefighting efforts, and a whole variety of issues that needs to have a comprehensive solution. But I thought the hearing yesterday was a real positive sign of more attention and urgency.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. If you look at Oncor, the $0.20 that we used for this year was to kind of give you a sense of how we offset some of the tax reform implications, and we detailed that in our slides. And Oncor helps us meet a portion of those impacts for this year from tax reform. But the great operations that we've had from our businesses, and you saw the results in 2017, and that was really all of our businesses just performed exceptionally well. So, we see that continuing on until 2018. And I'm going to turn it to Jeff to talk about any more of the details around the Oncor and how we're looking at CapEx going forward. But we basically share with you, for Oncor, about $8.4 billion is part of their plan over five years. But they're looking at things that they can do in their business that may lead to, over time, some increases in that, especially in terms of some technology.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. The other thing, Julien, I would add to what Jeff said is that after our analyst conference last year, we already identified $1.9 billion of incremental CapEx spend. And that's detailed on slide 17 in your packet. And as you know, when we do our plans, we do it a little bit differently than others. We only put projects in those plans that we already have under contract or that are consistent with our regulated business approvals. So, since the analyst conference, we've identified more upside opportunity in terms of the $1.9 billion.
Debra L. Reed: What we've looked at, as we said, for this year, about $500 million to come back of cash that we have offshore, know our (34:21) asset sales are part of that $500 million and then about $1.6 billion over the five-year plan period, which includes that $500 million and that doesn't include any asset sales. But the headroom up to $4 billion that we have prepared for would allow us down the line to sell assets or businesses. And to the extent that we had already covered the tax on that $4 billion, then they would not be taxed again. But in terms of our plan that we laid out, we don't have any asset sales currently in that, and that's the work that we're going to be looking at.
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you can see in the media, it's turned quite positive and there's a lot of interest in the 2022-2023 period. I'll have Joe talk about each of our projects and kind of the interest in the buyers.
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you know, we just filed our rate case, Michael, and it was the first rate case that we've had at our utilities that uses the Risk Assessment mechanism, RAMP, as it's called, to identify and prioritize spending in our utilities. None of that is in our plan. As you know, when we do our financial plan, we take what our last rate case is. We look at the attrition levels that have been authorized, and that's how we plan going forward. So I think as we look at it, we had a pretty robust rate case request that was driven by this Risk Assessment mechanism. We think with the tax benefits that flow through customers, that will create a reduction in rates that hopefully will allow (40:30) the Commission to approve the kind of request that we have in our rate case.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. What I have is just the impact in 2018 and 2019, because we had assumed bonus depreciation was going to be going away over the timeframe phasing out (41:05). So in 2018, it gives us about an extra $100 million of rate base, and then in 2019 about $200 million of rate base. But as I said, when we do our planning, we don't put any of the future years in the planning. We just use what we have authorized with the attrition. And when we do our five-year plans, we carry that out on that basis, and we do not put in the incremental request that we made.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me just address the TTI portion first. And, as we have expressed multiple times, we think TTI's interests are very much aligned with our interests. So, we are happy to have them as a 20% owner. But should they decide that they wanted to exit, we definitely would want to have an opportunity to consider the purchase of their share. And so that we think we are fine with the 80% ownership and TTI as a partner. We've met with them on a couple of occasions. They have the same kinds of interests about growing that business. There's no disconnect between ourselves and them in terms of how they look at that business. Of course, over time, it would be great if they decided that they wanted to exit, that we would have an opportunity to step in and own 100% of what we think is a preeminent company. In terms of the growth opportunities on Oncor and the ring-fence, we have accepted those terms with the parties. And what we think we need to do is we need to show those parties over time, through our exceptional management of this company in conjunction with the Oncor management, that those kinds of protections are not going to be needed over time and that we can live with all of them. We spent a lot of time looking at them. We don't think that they're going to impact materially how we do our business with Oncor. However, none of the other utilities in Texas have them. And we don't like the idea of having something that other parties in the state wouldn't have on the long term. But I don't think that as we look at those elements, I don't think it will change at all how these businesses perform. And the management of Oncor, the board of Oncor, we all have great alignment in terms of how this business needs to grow. And we see great growth potential in the Texas market and in Oncor itself. So, we are very happy that we're getting close to closing this transaction. We think it will be a tremendous investment for Sempra shareholders over time. And if nothing changes, we can live with it. But over time, if we can make some changes to the structure, we're more than willing to do that.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. In fact, I'm going to have Joe talk about that, because he was in Mexico just a few days ago and there was a lot of discussion about Mexican elections, about NAFTA and about our investments there. And I will just say we feel pretty darn comfortable with where we are and what Mexico needs going forward, and not thinking that there's going to be a lot of change. But Joe can add some more color from being there.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks again for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. Rick is still working today, so if you want to give him a call, I'm sure he'd be happy to answer some of the questions on his final day. And thank you for joining us. Bye-bye.
Jeffrey W. Martin: Hey, Julien. Good morning. As you think back to our analyst conference last spring, you recall that we rolled out a $14.2 billion on balance sheet capital program. We had probably (24:43) another $1.8 billion off balance sheet. As Debbie indicated, that excluded the new $8.4 billion of capital spending, of which obviously 80% of that would be accounted for us related to Oncor. So I think that gives you some sense of going forward. You're probably looking at something close to $3 billion per year with about $2.4 billion of that is a run rate for our utilities. But obviously, we will update that with a little bit more clarity in June. In terms of the accretion around Oncor, we're obviously moving away from the metric we've used in the past, which was kind of provide a four-year average. But as part of our 2018 guidance, we thought it was appropriate that we could give you our expectation, obviously the closing date is uncertain. There's a few things moving around, but we've approximated the accretion at $0.20 this year. It could be a little bit more or a little bit less, but keep in mind that that also is for a partial year.
Jeffrey W. Martin: Yeah, I appreciate your question. I think the four-year average was what we felt comfortable doing in the fall, because we have lots of moving pieces, Julien, right? You've got issues about when you sell your forwards at what price that the preferred actually transacts at in 2021, the date of closing, so there's a series of things involved here. On a going forward basis, now that we're putting Oncor in our guidance for 2018, that $0.20 number could be slightly larger or less than that. But there really isn't any fundamental change in terms of how Sempra is thinking about it, to the heart of your question.
Jeffrey W. Martin: Yeah. I think that, Greg, there were multiple parts to your question and between Debbie's response and mine, please let us know if this kind of satisfies most of what you're asking about. But to Debbie's point, we did extensive work with the rating agencies last fall. We have some more work to do this spring. But I think you recall that as we looked at the Oncor transaction, we had really forecasted to being able to hold investment-grade-plus ratings at both S&P and Fitch, with the likelihood that we would probably be investment grade flat at Moody's. I don't think our assessment has changed since then. Also as part of that work, we really were targeting to maintain those ratings and they were going to allow us some time to get to the optimal debt to equity ratio for the transaction. And you'll recall, we talked about that being completed by December of 2019. So to Debbie's point, relative to Oncor, not tax reform, we really had kind of a runway to work through the debt to equity ratio and how we balance that for Oncor through December of 2019. Now, as we finished 2017, Debbie's spot on, we really had very, very strong years on FFO to debt last year, one of our best years ever. We were well within the investment-grade-plus thresholds for all three agencies. But the point that you're on is that by reducing the tax-sharing payments, it is a negative for us. But to Debbie's point, that really doesn't start showing up until 2019, Greg, based upon how we're balanced in California and what our expectations are. And when you get to 2019, that's when you're starting to see the three trains of LNG go into production. So, I think there's a little bit of a timing mismatch in 2019. But we've got a plan that we're going to execute on with the agencies this spring. Debbie laid it out, the process we're going to go through. I'm quite comfortable that by the time we get to the analyst conference, we can provide a lot more detail about our expectations.
Jeffrey W. Martin: We think about that – I would just go through this with you really quickly, Steve. But as the starting point, you recall that interest in our utilities is largely excluded. The rest is subject to the 30% EBITDA limit. We certainly expect – I think this is part of what you're hearing in the call – to lower our parent debt over time. And as part of that process, we'll be allocating parent interest to our subsidiaries with a view that anything that's left over can be carried forward kind of given the strength of future cash flows from Cameron. But to your specific point, our view of the guidance thus far on acquisition debt is like Oncor, like we're talking about for Oncor, is expected to be excluded similar to the utilities.
Jeffrey W. Martin: Michael, I appreciate the question. I mean, obviously, we've entered into our merger agreement back on August 21 and there were probably – I'm making the number up – 30 different variables that impacted how we thought about the business economically. And as you went through the last six months, obviously, our stock price changed. But at the same time, they finished their rate case, right. So, you added a lot more certainty for them to finish their rate case in November. Their overall capital program has gone up. Our assessment of their NOL position had increased. We had forecasted last summer some contingent liabilities. That amount has declined over time. So there has been some puts and takes over the last six months, but I don't think we think about the business fundamentally any different. We think, from a strategic standpoint, it gives us reach and scale into what we think is probably the most important energy market in the country. I think that the accretion numbers we've given you for 2018 is really reflective of how we felt about the transaction previously. So, it's not like we're looking at it fundamentally different. We're just kind of zeroing in now with less variables. You still have things out there, Michael, about what price does you preferred convert at, when do you unwind some of your equity forwards and at time it is, and what the timing of closing is. But we feel pretty comfortable about the transaction generally from an accretion standpoint. But probably more than anything else, we're excited about it means in terms of giving us a really nice growth platform in the Gulf.
Jeffrey W. Martin: Yeah. I think the way that I would speak to that is I think we're very comfortable that we want to be an investment-grade-plus company. We indicated earlier on the call that we were well within those thresholds for all three agencies earlier in the year. I think if you look back at our Q4 results, we've got a debt ratio of roughly 56%. We've got about $19 million (44:23) of total consolidated debt. And across our five-year planning period, we feel more comfortable at or below 50% from a debt ratio standpoint. And I think that we'll continue to work on our FFO to debt. The challenge you have with that question, Michael, is the overall business risk profile is also changing. So, that comes lower as you add a quality asset, like Oncor. And similarly, the quality of the cash flows from Cameron impacts that. So, conceptually, the overall business risk profile should be declining at the same time that you're working through these competing items of lower cash tax-sharing payments with the addition of Cameron coming online here in the next 18 months.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good morning. I definitely wanted to give a hearty congratulations to Rick and Steve, both. I've been doing this an awful long time and they make me look like I'm a newcomer and they've certainly always been kind of happy (27:33) professionals. So congratulations, guys.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I know that, Jeff, that you tried to wave us off a little bit here on page 10 when you say that you might need additional equity, but you want to cover that at the Analyst Day.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's directionally clear. I appreciate it and look forward to more details later. Thank you.
