Jeff Martin: Thank you, Nelly. I'm pleased with our first quarter results and I think it sets us up well for the balance of 2021. You'll recall we shifted our market focus back to North America several years ago and have been consistently investing new capital in our utility platforms in California and Texas. This strategic focus, together with strong operational execution, are continuing to drive improvements in our financial performance. A second part of our strategy is focused on consolidating our unregulated investments under Sempra Infrastructure and we're making great progress there as well. Just last month, we announced our agreement to sell 20% equity interest in that business to KKR, and it's an important step for two reasons: First, bringing in a new strategic partner allows Sempra Infrastructure to strengthen its own balance sheet while also positioning the business to self fund its future growth; and second, this transaction sends a clear market signal about the value and expected growth of our Infrastructure platform. Turning now to the company's financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $2.95. We're also affirming our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range. Now please turn to the next slide, where I'll turn the call over to Trevor to provide both business and financial updates.
Jeff Martin: This is a conversation that we've had a lot over the last 90-plus days. And I will tell you that I think as you think back over the last two or three years, you've seen us really focus on funding our utilities, right? So we've got a $32 billion five year capital program. It's a very large capital project. Close to $29 billion of that is dedicated to our utilities. So as we think about how we would use those proceeds, certainly, we want to make sure that we're funding growth in our utilities. And there will be opportunities for us to look at paying down parent debt and continue to strengthen our balance sheet. We've made great progress also over the last three years of improving our equity layer. So what I would say is when we get to our analyst conference, so right now, we're targeting June 29, we'll look forward to reviewing our 2021 guidance by that time to see if there's any adjustments that are needed. We will also, for the first time, Shar, issue our 2022 guidance. And in terms of our use of proceeds and expected average accretion over three or four years, we'll announce that related to Sempra Infrastructure, and that number will be included in the guidance that we provide at that time.
Jeff Martin: We do a very periodic strategic review with our Board. And I think you've heard us talk a lot about this long term secular trend toward electrification and how we've continued to reorient our portfolio toward transmission and distribution. So as you think about the outages in California last summer and some of the things that Texas has gone through, we really think the best risk adjusted returns near term and long term for our investors is to continue to take a leadership position in owning more energy grids. So as you think about renewables over the next 20 or 30 years potentially doubling across the country, we really think this grid position is going to be very important. So you're right in your assessment. We find Oncor to be a very attractive investment. It has a wonderful management team. We think it has a really important leadership position in the Texas market. We have good relationships with GIC and TTI. As you know, as a matter of convention, we tend not to talk about M&A type of opportunities, but I do feel comfortable confirming that I think our T&D thesis has been validated several times over the last couple of years, and that will be a continuing priority for our management team.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I would go back and say that one of the things that Trevor and I talk about a lot, Shar, is really the importance of really thoughtful execution around our current capital program. And I think over long periods of time, we were reviewing our total shareholder return over the last two decades, so just over 1,000%. It all goes back to being a really prudent, thoughtful allocator of capital. So we're very much focused on the sheer volume of opportunities we're seeing organically. We do always look at a lot of range of things from an acquisition standpoint, particularly projects more so than large companies, so we don't rule those type of things out. But our focus is on delivering a very, very big program that's right in front of us.
Jeff Martin: Just for the benefit of the larger audience, Allen Nye, the CEO of Oncor, is on the phone with us. And I'll just make a quick contextual comment, Steve, before passing to Allen, which is really proud of how our team responded during the crisis in February. I mentioned this in the comment to Shar, but I think the importance of T&D in Texas, as the state thinks about adding new generation, as it thinks about meeting its growth prospects, I think, will become increasingly important. One observation I'll note before I hand it off is, there's a lot of conversations around PUC reform or market reform, or increased capital spending around weatherization. I think one of the takeaways, Steve, is this was a really remarkable weather event, really, really highly uncommon. And it's very much focused on the supply side and making sure that weatherization is a real priority from the generation assets, Steve, all the way up the value chain going toward the wellhead. So I think this is probably, in the long run, going to be more about how we prepare the supply side, including the fuel side more so than expected market reforms. But I think we've talked with Allen and we think we're probably not going to try to front run the state in terms of what the expected outcomes are, but we have a lot of confidence we'll get to a good outcome from the legislature. But Allen, perhaps you could comment more on the different buckets that you expect conversations to occur in the legislature and at the PUC, if you could.
Jeff Martin: On the generation side, we've seen an uptick in requests in Q1 over Q1 of last year. Last year, we were -- end of the year, we were around 180 overall generation interconnection requests. As of Q1 2021, we're at 194. So we've seen that uptick. I can't tell you what it's related to or what it's not. I know there's a lot of legislative action, [SB3], in particular, that can have potential implications to renewables. But so far, those are the numbers that we have on generation for first quarter of this year. And obviously, much as you would expect when you look at the Q, much of those are renewable solar and wind.
Jeff Martin: We continue to be very optimistic about our development portfolio. Steve, you recall on our Q4 call, we commented on some of the spot prices, I think, which set records actually at JKM, at least at that marker in January. We were talking about looking back at LNG trade last year and for the first part of this year. It has been one of the bright spots in the overall global energy markets. I think in part, it's attributable to this robust demand response we're seeing in Asia and low inventories in Europe. The consultants we work with think that by 2030, you could see the market climb to about 550 million tons per annum, and today, it's right around 365 million. So we're pretty optimistic about where we're at in terms of our development portfolio and particularly being able to access Asia. We talked about, at least Trevor did in his prepared remarks, Port Arthur. Obviously, this is a really large project for the United States and obviously for our company. We expect that we will probably move that FID decision into next year. But one of the things that's interesting is we're trying to improve our portfolio. I'll look at things like carbon capture and move into electric drive supported by renewables. I think the greening up of the value chain here in North America is something that the sell side and the buy side should follow, because I expect it will make America increasingly competitive over time. I would mention that ECA Phase 1 are going very well. In fact, our EPC contractor actually mobilized last month to begin some of the site preparation work, and that's one that we'll look to make updates on going forward. Then at Cameron Phase 2 probably has had the most activity. We're working with our Cameron partners through the funding of the pre feed work. This will also help us advance and optimize the overall technical design on that project, which we remain quite bullish on. After pre feed, the next steps, Steve, will be the engineering work for feed and moving forward with the EPC contract. And we're also making great progress on the commercial conversations with both Mitsui, Mitsubishi and Total. So that's advancing quite nicely. So I think as we look at it, we think the thesis that we've laid out to Wall Street about this supply demand gap in the middle of the decade continues to be validated. We've talked about this now for three or four years. So I think our portfolio will be well positioned going forward. And I think as you see, the higher coal use right now in Asia, particularly this year as compared to prior years, I think the importance of LNG as part of the clean energy transition is increasing in importance.
Jeff Martin: As we've thought about it, you look back over the last three years, I think we've shown a real willingness, as a management team with our Board, to make changes to the portfolio all through the lens of trying to see if we can improve our financial performance. And we found opportunities where we're a seller when other people value our assets at a level higher than we value them. And you've likewise seen us be a buyer, particularly around our T&D thesis where we feel like that we can pick something up at a fair price in a market that's strategic to us. And as you think about those activities and being thoughtful about our capital allocation, we've been able to grow our adjusted earnings per share at about 14% CAGR. So we feel very good about the portfolio. In fact, we did a look back to our portfolio over the last 2 decades, and we've been able to grow our total shareholder return at just over 1,000% versus the S&P 500 is right around 400% total shareholder return and the S&P utilities at right around 314%. So we've been able to, over two decades, outperform our sector by 3x type of performance. I think it's this idea that you can put together a portfolio. And if you're really thoughtful and disciplined about capital allocation, you're always taking what the market gives you. And right now, we think we want to focus on growing our utility platform, both in Texas and California. We think we have a leadership position in both markets. So I think in the near term, our focus will be on growing our utilities and try to meet and fund the most capital efficient way that $32 billion capital program. At the end of the day, we're very excited about our partnership with KKR, but this was also an opportunity for us to source the lowest cost of capital to fund our capital program. So we're actually quite bullish on both of these platforms and look forward to growing them into the future.
Jeff Martin: I think that on prior calls, you may recall that we mentioned that we did not expect to have any cash tax consequences associated with the transaction because of the buildup of NOLs we have the kind of the 2024, 2025 time frame. I think the most important takeaway from my earlier remarks is that we're going to be in a position at our analyst conference, Julien, to provide our 2022 guidance, and I think that's the appropriate thing to focus on. The use of proceeds for this transaction will be important. I've talked about the importance of making sure that we can fund our capital program. There's nothing unique or nuanced about the balance sheet issue. I think you've seen us go from an equity layer that was closer to 40%, 41%, 42% in Q2 of 2018, and we finished this year, last year, on December 31 with a balance sheet that had an equity layer at about 51%. So we really have improved our balance sheet and thickened our equity layer. But as we look at paying down debt, we'll look at our various maturities, we'll look at our make whole payments, we'll get to the right economic decision, and we'll balance that with other offensive opportunities to fund our capital programs. So we feel good about the Sempra Infrastructure transaction. It was premised on sourcing lowest cost of capital, right, finding a partner that has a shared vision for growth and it's going to be accretive.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I would just go back and say that one of the things we're excited about is going to the analyst conference to review, number one, 2021 and to publish, for the first time, 2022. And if you harken back to the Oncor transaction, what we tend to do is make sure, number one, that any accretion associated with this transaction is included in the guidance that we expect to present, that has not been the case to date in terms of the guidance we put out for 2021. And we tend to look at the overall impact of accretion over multiple years. I think in the Oncor case, we provided three to four year average accretion, that would be our expectation would be to adhere to that convention in June when we're all together.
Jeff Martin: No, I would just probably say that we're committed to work with this administration. Obviously, there's a little bit of a bid ask spread between both parties about the size of the infrastructure plan. But the area that there does seem to be a consensus beyond the normal bridges, roads and airports is around issues like telecom and number two, in expansion of the transmission system. So these are very, very hard to site and build. These are long lead time projects that can take up to a decade to complete. And it's one of the reasons I think that we feel so constructive about the transmission and distribution positions we have in Texas and California because we think the lion's share of these upgrades that will be extended will come from the existing owners of the existing rights way and existing land positions and infrastructure. So we've had a team on the ground in Washington led by Trevor and Lisa Alexander in the last two weeks, meeting with policymakers on this point. And I do think -- we expect to see some support in the infrastructure bill for transmission.
Jeff Martin: No, I think we've had a fair amount of optimization in our portfolio over the last three years. And I think what we're going to try to accomplish at the analyst conference is make sure that we present a very clear runway of growth. You recall, one of the things that's new this year is that we've continued to make strides in reporting higher quality earnings, so we've backed out FX and mark to market and inflation from our results. You saw that in our recast comparison for last year. Secondly, you're going to hear us talk about the growth that we expect in our California and utility platforms in Texas and how we expect to fund that going forward. There will be a lot of focus, in Trevor's presentation in June, around our approach to funding our capital program. And I would also mention we expect Steve to have spotlights on technology and innovation in all of our business unit presentations. So it's very interesting. We had a conversation with Fatih Birol from the IEA not too long ago who met with our Board. And he made the point to us that for the world to reach net zero by 2050, it's the view of the International Energy Agency that 50% of the required technology, and that includes new fuels, do not exist today. So we think that industry controls the tools of decarbonization, and the research and development and innovation that's needed needs to come from industry. So you'll expect to hear us not just talk about sustainability but our role in taking a leadership position in our industry about what we're going to do in each business unit to improve sustainability and focus on innovation.
Jeff Martin: Well, I would start by saying that -- and you've followed this for a long time, Michael, that we tend to take a long term view around how we try to create value. And we don't have knee jerk reactions to short term changes in the marketplace. And I know that's not what you're implying but we are always tying ourselves to that long term view. And you'll recall, I went back and looked, at the end of 2017, 88% of our earnings were North America and 12% were in South America, and we had roughly 70% of our earnings composition came from California. And today, that's just less than 50%. So there has been a trend in terms of how we've managed Sempra Infrastructure Partners and how we've managed our growth in Texas, namely through the acquisition of an 80% interest in Oncor. And then as you recall, we also bought InfraREIT, which was a public company. And then you've seen at Allen's capital program went from what was about $7.4 billion commitment in his November of 2017 for five year capital program to today is closer to $12.2 billion. So we're now forecasting $55 billion of utility rate base by the end of 2025 and at least based upon current returns is on a weighted ROE basis of about 10.1. But I think you're on a good point. We're going to continue to manage this portfolio and we're going to continue to grow at, number one, weighted toward utilities. And number two, if there's opportunities to expand, we have a huge leadership presence in California. We like the state. We think we have the chance to take some of the economies of learning here around sustainability, and that influences why we're a better stakeholder and investor in other parts of our business. Yes, we'll continue to look for opportunities to expand outside of California. And frankly, Mike, when you look back on the last three years, you've seen us execute that way.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think what we try to do in our unregulated business is make sure that we exercise our capital allocation strategy to produce cash flows that have substantially similar risk reward to our utilities. So Port Arthur is an opportunity where we've got seven today. I don't see any scenario that we would probably take FID without having it fully contracted. I would mention, one of the things that was attractive, Michael, about the Sempra Infrastructure Partners portfolio is, you're hard pressed to find someone that owns a business like that, that has average contract tenure across LNG and our contracts in Mexico at 21 years. So all the lessons from last decade and the decade before about merchant positions and commodity exposure and exposure to generation, we paid our tuition back in those decades. And I think what we're focused on right now is aggressively growing our California and Texas utility platform. And inside of Sempra Infrastructure Partners, there's no question, we have an industry leading development platform. But we think that we have competitive positions that will allow us to fully contract those businesses before they go forward. And I'll make one last point. You may remember that we announced early on the MOUs, Michael, for ECA Phase 1 and that was fully tied up by MOUs before we progress to SPAs. We're in that exact same position today with Cameron expansion. So even though we're bullish long term about Port Arthur, that can be a remarkable project. We're even more bullish about Cameron expansion. So that's one that Justin and the team will be speaking more about at our analyst conference.
Jeff Martin: I think it's one of the things that's kind of plagued kind of the policy environment about how you address issues like this. You've obviously seen it in the pipeline industry as well. But particularly because transmission and pipelines involve interstate commerce, that's one of the reasons that the federal government has such an important role here in terms of policy making. But a lot of those land and those rights issues fall to the state. So I think this is something they're going to continue to grapple with. We found no silver bullet in the last couple of decades in this area. What I would say is the ability to develop, whether it's generation spurs, 230 kV lines, 500 kV lines, it's a little bit different by jurisdiction, whether you're in Louisiana, or you're in Texas or Mexico relative to California. You may remember the last large scale transmission line we built here was the Sunrise power line, and it took up almost $1.9 billion to build 90 miles. So it is a very costly, challenging permitting project, particularly in California. And that's one of the reasons, Ryan, that we have a thesis that when you talk about transmission and distribution and the importance of grids towards accepting more renewables, it will fall largely to upgrading existing facilities and making sure that more renewable clusters can access existing infrastructure.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate the question. We spend a lot of time thinking of opportunities to continue to improve our portfolio. We certainly wouldn't take any option off the table. But I would call your attention to the fact that if we're trading at 16 or 17 times now, we just announced the transaction a couple of weeks ago at a 21 PE effectively. So raising $3.37 billion at something close to a 13 to 13.4 times EBITDA and 21 PE, that was the cheapest source of capital for us to fund our $32 billion capital program. So I can guarantee that we will be thoughtful in this area. But right now, we have a tremendous amount of growth in front of our utility platform in California and in Texas. And right now, our focus is on making sure we can meet our organic capital program with the lowest cost forms of capital and we'll provide updates as we go forward.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think the most important thing is that you align your capital programs with the regulatory priorities of your local commission. So here in California, there's a big emphasis around safety and resiliency, and reliability. In Texas, Allen's challenge is a little bit more different. He's got really enormous growth challenges in terms of making infrastructure investments to accommodate growth. I participated in the Board call with Allen and Trevor recently at Oncor. And in the far west region, they saw something close to 5% to 5.3% quarter-over-quarter electricity growth. So I think the challenge will be different by jurisdiction. I would say this, one thing that intrigues us is, we spend a lot of time not just investing in our high performing culture but building a business system that allows us to effectively manage our businesses, manage risk effectively, invest in our culture and be good allocators of capital. And I think we have the real opportunity to build a bigger platform of scale. I think it was one of the outcomes from the pandemic last year was this belief that it's important to be larger and a market leader in every market. So when you think about our position in California, you think about our position with Allen's business in Texas and you think about Sempra Infrastructure Partner, we've added scale at all three of those growth platforms. And what we want to do is continue to assert those advantages in those markets to meet the needs of our regulators and our customers. And I think we'll find opportunities around that along the way, but we feel very good about how our business and our portfolio is set up, we believe, to provide differential growth around the dividend and earnings going forward.
Jeff Martin: Well, I would tell you that we've spent time talking about this. You've heard us on this call talk about our three growth platforms. And perhaps, Trevor, you could talk about the process we've put in place going forward as we think about our segments and also our focus on EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA going forward.
Jeff Martin: And I would also follow on that, Jonathan, to say that we will be expecting to report adjusted EBITDA for Sempra Infrastructure.
Jeff Martin: What I would say is that we want to make sure that we're transparent in all those 8-K filings. We obviously have done a great amount of work about how we structure these partnerships. And it's not uncommon to have different distributions around different issues within a business or member loans. I would tell you, from our perspective, we do not view these as rising to any level of materiality in terms of the overall business. So I would say, I would characterize them as ordinary course and adequately disclosed based on how we think about it.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I just wanted to close by thanking everyone for attending. I know there was a lot of other calls today so we appreciate you spending time with the Sempra team. We also look forward to providing you with further updates at our upcoming Virtual 2021 Investor Day, which we expect to be held on June 29th. So please take a moment at the end of today's call just to mark that date on your calendar. It's something we always look forward to. Thank you again for joining us and feel free to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions per custom. This concludes today's call.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. We've had several positive developments at our operating companies this past quarter. At our California Utilities, we received a proposed decision for 2022 and 2023 attrition rates, which if approved, will provide greater support for safety and reliability initiatives as well as improved visibility into future earnings. Moving to Texas. In 2020, Oncor experienced its highest organic premise growth ever and we're excited to see the growth continue this year. In the first quarter alone, Oncor connected approximately 19,000 new premises, greater than the connections in the first quarter of 2020. Again, validating the underlying strength of economic and demographic growth in the region. Now shifting to our Infrastructure business. At Sempra LNG, we have begun engineering construction of ECA Phase 1 and continue to progress our LNG development projects. At Cameron Phase 2, we continue to work with our Cameron partners on the technical design of the project and to advance commercial discussions. At Port Arthur LNG, we continue to work with partners and customers to focus on options to reduce the project's greenhouse gas profile and continue improving its competitive position in the global energy transition. At this time, given this work and the continued impacts of the pandemic on the global energy markets, it is more likely that final investment decision at Port Arthur will move to next year. We will keep you updated as things progress. Moving to our Mexican business. We continue to advance our pipeline of development projects, focused on diversifying its energy supplies and improving the country's energy security. In March, we expanded the renewable energy platform by finalizing the acquisition of the remaining 50% equity interest in ESJ and placing the Border Solar project into operation. Also, as Jeff mentioned earlier, we're making great progress on Sempra Infrastructure and the associated series of transactions. Just last week, we received the necessary regulatory approvals to launch the IEnova exchange offer. As that process moves forward, it's important to note that it does not have a minimum requirement to close. With that, please turn to the next slide for a short update on additional details of the pending sale announcement in Sempra Infrastructure. With the announced sale of 20% equity interest in Sempra Infrastructure to KKR, we've gained a strategic partner to help fund future growth. The $3.37 billion in proceeds is expected to be used to fund growth at our US utilities and to strengthen our balance sheet, and also establishes an implied enterprise value of approximately $25.2 billion. Equally important, we're pleased to be partnering with an investment firm that has a shared vision for growth in North America. Lastly, we expect to close the transaction in the middle of this year, subject to customary closing conditions and certain approvals from third parties and regulatory agencies. Please turn to the next slide where I will review the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $874 million or $2.87 per share. This compares to first quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $760 million or $2.53 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter 2021 earnings were $900 million or $2.95 per share. This compares to our first quarter 2020 adjusted earnings of $741 million or $2.47 per share. Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the first quarter 2021 adjusted earnings compared to the same period last year was affected by the following key items: $73 million of lower losses at parent and other, primarily due to net investment gains, lower net interest expense, lower retained operating costs and lower preferred dividends; $62 million of higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG JV, primarily due to Phase 1 commencing full commercial operations in August of 2020; $35 million of higher CPUC base operating margin at SoCalGas, net of operating expenses; and $30 million of higher equity earnings at Sempra Texas Utilities, primarily due to increased revenues from rate updates to reflect invested capital and customer growth and higher consumption due to weather. This was partially offset by $56 million of lower earnings due to the sales of our Peruvian and Chilean businesses in April and June of 2020, respectively. Please turn to the next slide. We're pleased to report a successful quarter, both operationally and financially, and we are affirming our full year 2021 adjusted EPS guidance range. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks. However, before moving to the Q&A, I'd like to remind you that we will not be discussing the exchange offer. We'll stop now and take your questions.
Trevor Mihalik: Ryan, I would just point you to the appendix where we kind of lay out where we had lower parent costs, and that was really $15 million of lower operating costs at the parent. So you can see where we're looking to try to find efficiencies across the board and hope to continue to do so.
Trevor Mihalik: So Jonathan, as you've seen, we do have this platform that is the combination of two businesses. At some point, I think we would like to get to Sempra Infrastructure Partners as a segment. That probably would not happen on an interim basis during the quarter, we would do it on an annual basis when we get to an end of a year period. Right now, I think there is an overlap between Mexico, given the LNG assets that they have in Mexico and the LNG business. But as we're putting this together and working through the structure, both internally here and as with KKR, we will be making that determination as to what the reportable segments would be on a prospective basis.
Trevor Mihalik: That's right. I think you can see, at least until we get the transaction closing through a period, we will still be reporting on the Mexican business and the LNG business. But then as we put the management team in place and as we manage that business prospectively, it would be managed as a single unit then at some point in the future.
