Jeff Martin: Here's the way I would think about it is, the way we framed our rate cases, we always focus on making investments that are aligned with public policy and to directly support our customers. In terms of assumptions, we take the time to look at prior cases we've been through at the CPUC and then we tend to make reasonable assumptions from a range of potential outcomes. Our challenge is given where we're at in the regulatory process, that's probably all we're prepared to share in terms of assumptions at this time. But you did make a great point, which is just last fall, we've settled with certain interveners about one-third of the rate case for the Southern California Gas Company and about one-third of the case for SDG&E and we do that quite constructively. So we're looking forward to a proposed decision in the second quarter and a final decision in the second half of the year.
Jeff Martin: No. I wouldn't think about the settlement itself impacting how we think about our assumptions. I just think it views an alignment with some of the interveners around the way we're thinking about meeting the public policy initiatives for the state.
Jeff Martin: The way I would think about it is when we put our plan together which was all part of the current rate case, so the 2024 plan would be impacted by how the outcome of the rate case is. And when we think about '24 and '25, we had to take a reasonable set of assumptions based upon prior cases and that's embedded in our forecast.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I will start, Nick, by reminding everyone. On our Q3 call last year we shared our expectation that our capital plan would go up between 10% and 20%. And in that same month, you'll recall that we sized our equity offering of roughly $1.3 billion to support our future financing needs. Slide 33, Nick, goes through kind of the sources and uses and picks up last fall's equity issuance and the ongoing DRIP. I think to your point, the key takeaway for us is we're in great shape. Together with our operating cash flows and net debt, we're in a very strong position to comfortably support our new capital program without the need for any additional equity.
Jeff Martin: No. When we sized our equity needs last fall, we made sure that we did that with a margin around what we were trying to accomplish in terms of financing our future growth. So, we have the capability of funding growth beyond $48 billion without raising additional equity. The challenge you get into is when you look at the slide that we've provided, it shows other opportunities. There's an additional $10 billion out there. So it's not just SRP, we've got other projects which are coming down the pipe. But I think the great news is we've got a record capital plan. That capital plan is roughly $3 billion larger than our current market capitalization and we were thoughtful last fall to take the equity overhang off of our stock and make sure that we had a margin of error to fully fund our capital plan with additional growth.
Jeff Martin: Yes. So what might be helpful here, David, is if you could, Justin, do two things if you've got a moment? Go ahead and talk about, if you would, just a brief update on the construction at both ECA and Port Arthur and then come back to the development question he's asking specifically how we're trying to create additional value around the Cameron opportunity.
Jeff Martin: So David, I would just conclude that with that additional work in terms of securing long lead time items and additional value engineering, we're focusing on trying to take FID on that project in the first half of next year.
Jeff Martin: Well, it's interesting you asked that. The rate base growth across both of our utilities will be approximately 10%, which is a little bit stronger than we forecasted a year ago. At the end of the planning period, those two platforms will have $78 billion of rate base and we really view that really as the focus of the capital plan. As we indicated, it captures over 90% of that $48 billion. What is of note is that there's an $8 billion increase over the prior plan and over half of that, Carly, comes from the growth that we're seeing in Texas, which is really the strongest part of our story. But we continue to think that the most important thing is we have been messaged at around a 6% to 8% growth rate for several years now. I think this type of visibility causes us to have additional confidence in that number. And one of the things I think that you and I have discussed before, if you look at Slide 10, at the last 5 or 6 years or go back over 10 years or 15 or 20, Sempra is one of those few companies that's been able to perform earnings per share growth in that 7% to 10% range over long periods of time. Now we're certainly forecasting the 6% to 8% on a go forward basis. But the key takeaway from this plan is we have a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver that. I think as you've noted in your prior research, I've often indicated that I would be disappointed if we don't outperform the high end of that range.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I mentioned that over half of our planning increase came from Texas and I wouldn't mind having Allen walk us through where the system, where the growth is showing up. The story in Texas, I think, which is quite unique, is not just, it's the diversity of the growth in Texas, not just on the premise side, and it's also the amount of it Carly that's allocated to transmission. I don't think there's another growth story in the United States that is majority of CapEx is related to transmission. And the reason that's important is Allen's team has the lowest transmission distribution bills in the state and transmission projects because it benefits all ratepayers in the state, gets socialized across all the different jurisdictions. But Allen, to Carly's point, maybe you could talk about premise growth more broadly, the growth that showed up on the system.
Jeff Martin: No. We have used the extension process for different projects in the past and I would say there's not a standard time line for that. I think we were just pleased to see the DOE confirm that it was a separate process for extensions rather than for new filings. The filing that we've made for Port Arthur Phase 2 is pending. We just have to wait through this process of the pause. But I think one of the points, Ryan, that Justin made in his discussion was we have a whole series of development milestones that we're pursuing for Port Arthur Phase 2. We think it's a very attractive, commercially viable project. I think those milestones, we've worked through concurrently with the ultimate permitting process. So whether it ends up being a delay for the project or it's actually completed consistent with the time line for other milestones remains to be seen.
Jeff Martin: I wanted to briefly thank everyone for joining us today. I know there were several competing calls and even conferences this morning, so we appreciate everyone making the time to join us. If there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with any questions. Thank you again, and this concludes our call.
