Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Greg, I'm just making another point. I don't see them as a very linked at all. I think that we have really strong earnings and growth in our other businesses besides just Cameron. And so this dividend is in response to our continually growing earnings from that. And as we look forward and study the MLP, we'll have enough cash flow from LP and GP units to keep our dividend even post an MLP. So I don't see that as any kind of a bridge, it's from the strong earnings that we have.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. As we said, we right now today have a dividend payout ratio that is higher than the 45% to 50% that we've set with the board long term because of the repatriation plan. And we just recommended and they approved an increase of almost 5% now for this year. And what we said is once Cameron is in construction later this year, then we go to next year's dividend, we think we will suggest a slightly faster pace that will allow us to get to the 45% to 50% in 2019. So you can kind of assume that we'll be suggesting something more of a straight line from 2015 to 2019 that you gets to that 45%, 50%.
Joseph A. Householder: I'd just add to that one thing, too, is we're a very strong company with a very strong balance sheet. And where the 10-year debt is, is very low. And our after-tax cost of capital for borrowing money to buy something is pretty low. But as Mark said, we're going to be very disciplined about looking at things and make sure they were the right thing to do.
Joseph A. Householder: This is Joe. Going forward, it's $3 million to $4 million a year. It's 2% change in the tax rate on our pretax income, if not greater.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. So I think what we said a year or more ago when we announced this plan was that it would go on for about 5 or 6 years and that we would have with earnings impact, which would be roughly $0.25 or up to $0.30 a share. It might move around a little bit, just depending on some issues around the tax rules, the way they work and with our other income. But it should be in that neighborhood for about 5 or 6 years, so pretty [indiscernible].
Joseph A. Householder: We've decided it's relatively stable because it's under a long-term contract, so there's very little difference between '12 and '13. So it's the same, but we don't give that kind of detail.
Debra L. Reed: I would say, we look at all of those things, Greg. That -- the thing that we have got to be sure is that, with the Cameron asset, we want to be sure that our shareholders get the right kinds of splits, have the right kind of long-term structure for our assets that we're going to put in. And if we found something that would work with that, we would definitely be open to considering that. But we're not going to rush to get something out that devalues our assets in the long-term.
Debra L. Reed: Well, what I said was that if we look at our existing assets right now, putting them in MLP to do a bridge strategy, we don't think that was the best thing. What I also said, though, is that, some things are changing with those -- the value of those assets that we might see in the future. And as you know that after we basically have REX flow, bidirectionally, are moving forward and that, that could offer some opportunities if we can have contracts that extend beyond the expiration of the existing contracts. So -- and we just did a nonbinding open season and that had some -- it gave us some promise that there's some real upside with that asset, potentially. So we will continue to look at that. And if we had to make an acquisition for a bridge strategy that made economic sense in the long term, we would look at doing what made economic sense in the long term.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We'll go through this in detail at the analyst meeting. But when we look at that range of 9% to 11%, the 9% basically includes what we have in our base plan without incremental growth and Cameron at full operation in 2019. We will go through the upsides that we have in our -- that are not in our plan but are upsides to that plan at the analyst meeting. But there are a lot of things happening in that regard and a number of bids are coming out in 2014 even that could add to that and get us towards the high end of that range. And that's what I commented on, as if we pick up some of those projects, we could definitely be towards the high end of that range by 2019.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I mean, these are discussions that obviously we will have our Board of Directors as we get closer. But if everything stays as it does today and if there's opportunities to grow at that midstream business with cheaper equity and do that, then that would be our intent. But that's a while off, so things could change, tax laws could change, interest rates could change. But as we look at it today, that's the direction we would be headed.
Debra L. Reed: That's generally correct. Let me just have Joe talk about kind of how we're thinking about the dividend.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we would hope to do that very soon. That, as I said, we had a nonbinding open season. And there seemed to be a lot of interest in that, and so we would like to pursue that. And then you've also seen all the announcements through the pipeline, some of which actually connected to REX, the reverse flows going from north to south. And so we think this is going to happen relatively soon with the need for takeaway capacity out of the Marcellus and the Utica. We also are working on the lateral that we talked to you about previously, and that will be in service very shortly in 2014, probably by April. So the whole dynamics of that are changing that area is going to change rapidly and we need to be able to respond rapidly, and we will.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me start with the last question on Cameron. And yes, we feel very good about the numbers that we've talked about at Cameron. With everything we've seen with the EPC contract, the financing and all, as I reaffirmed today, those numbers look good. I'll talk a little bit about at a high level, the midstream. And I don't want to go into details on assets. But what I think you're starting to see now is a cycle that's kind of been interesting and it's repeated itself multiple times in the E&P business, where you're starting to see more of the E&P companies look at selling off some of their midstream assets so that they can invest that stream. So I think what we saw a few years ago is starting to change a little bit. And so we will continue to look at opportunities as these changes occur. Chevron has looked at some asset sales. Chesapeake is looking at some asset sales. And it's very typical when E&P companies decide that they need to invest more upstream for them to look at the selling off some of those assets, and so we'll be exploring that. And in terms of asset pricing. Obviously, you're competing with MLPs and that are interested in getting those assets. And so we will continue to look at every opportunity that is out there and whether it fits for us. The good thing is that we have some opportunities in the LNG space that Mark will talk about more at the conference. But I'll let him just maybe give a little bit on that right now.
Debra L. Reed: No. I mean, really our model now and our strategy, I think that works very well for us and that we have plenty of growth opportunities within this model is to do long-term contract and infrastructure. And so merchant business and the volatility of the merchant business doesn't really work well with our other assets. And so if we could do a long -- a 20-year contract or something and build a plant, but I don't consider it merchant, yes, we would do something like that. But to be in the market, like what happened when our DWR contract expired, is not where we want to be.
Debra L. Reed: I mean, people always ask us that question. I think when Berkshire Hathaway trades as it does, you kind of feel that most of the buyers can afford the stock as it is. And so unless there's some other compelling reason, it's not something that we spend a lot of time on most likely.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we had said before a 4% to 5% growth. And if you look at a 4% to 5% growth and you look at what happens when Cameron comes online with the earnings, you don't quite get to a 45% to 50% payout ratio. So we're looking at rather than wait and doing a 4% to 5%, and then waiting to have a step function increase when Cameron comes online, to smooth that a bit. So that should yield the dividend growth rate, that would be slightly higher than we would have done otherwise.
Debra L. Reed: No. I wouldn't assess it that way. But I really can't talk about any settlement discussions. So I wouldn't conclude that it's not possible or that it is possible, I just really can't talk about any kind of confidential settlement discussions.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I can tell you what the phases are. And there's 4 phases in the case. And we have a schedule for the first 2 phases, and we just heard that the first phase is already being delayed. It was supposed to come out in February. It will be delayed now until the end of March. And so we're thinking this will certainly take through this year and probably into next year if you just look at their schedule.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Basically we'll go through this as an update at the analyst meeting. But we showed you those charts last year that had kind of our growth rate through 2018, 2017. And then it showed, if you added Cameron to that, the 9% to 11%. That's basically what we're talking about. We basically take what our 2018 earnings would be on our base business, you added a full year of Cameron and thats what gives you kind of the 9% range. And then there's upside, as we showed you last year, in terms of additional opportunities that could get you towards that 11% range. And we'll go through those in detail at our analyst meeting.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I mean, I will say that we're looking at some bids that will be coming up, and we're looking at partners that would be good partners for us for those kinds of bids. And that we -- as you can see with our Cameron facility and what we've done with our Renewables business, we are not at all opposed to partnering. And especially if you can create a bigger pie by partnering, we really like that. So I think there's every opportunity that we would look at partners in Mexico, especially if we want to get into, as we would like to, some of the gathering and processing and areas like that in Mexico, it would be ideal to have a partner to work with there. And then the same thing, South America, and I would say the same thing in the United States.
Debra L. Reed: This is something that I would just say we are watching, and that the thing that we're really watching is what happens with rate structures that really allows you to be competitive. And we think the electric businesses is a good business. They have a lot of capital requirements in that business in the long term. We have aging infrastructure throughout the U.S., so there's a lot of opportunity to invest in transmission as well. So there are parts of that business that we like a lot. And so I wouldn't rule it out. We happen to own the largest gas distribution company and we love the gas business. So with that, a lot of our growth is really focused on the gas side, as you see. But that doesn't mean that electric is not of interest to us.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We would consider that. What our focus will be on though is creating the greatest long-term value. And if we saw something like that, that was reasonably priced, we thought we could grow it with some other assets we have. And we would be particularly interested in something where if you combine the assets that they have with the assets that we had, 1 plus 1 would equal more than 2. And if we could find something like that, then yes, we would be open to that. Mark stated earlier that what's been shopped, usually if it's priced reasonably, it's not something we would have much interest in. And that a lot of the other things just seem already having every potential growth priced in. And so if it looks like it would be good for our long-term shareholder interest, we are absolutely willing to consider that as an option.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me go through exactly what the settlement is, and then talk about the impact. So it's a multiparty settlement. It's uncontested. It sets an ROE at 10.05%. And it's based upon the actual equity as recorded on 12/31 of each year. It will go from September 1, 2013, to December 31, 2018. So that's gives you kind of the duration of this. And if you look at where we were at 11.3% ROE to a 10.05% ROE, that's something like $20 million to $30 million a year of impact in that production of ROE based upon the FERC assets, the FERC rate base that we have. And that has been included in our guidance. So the numbers that we gave you, we started having this effect in 2013. Once we knew a settlement was pending, we were booking to the settlement amount. And it's reflected in our 2014 guidance.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Well, the only incremental would be as the rate base increases. But it was in '13 for the fourth quarter from September 1 forward when the prior rate expires.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I mean, I would say that we're always -- this is a constant improvement effort at our utilities, as you well know. And so last year, some of the efficiencies of operations were able to offset some of these [indiscernible] reductions in ROE and SONGS, to some extent. And we would see us continuing to work at that level of efficiency and looking for other opportunities to improve. What I will say is safety is our first priority, and we will not do anything that would reduce the safety of our service. And so that is the key focus for our people. But new technologies come in all the time. We have opportunities to change the way we dispatch workers, change the way we time appointments, change the way we use technology to answer customer calls, route customer calls. Those are the kinds of things we really focus on that can improve customer service, improve safety and reduce cost.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We don't break it down. We share data at segment levels, Winfried, so we would not break it down to that kind of a level. You can kind of look at the Mexico segment and see.
Debra L. Reed: No. We'll go through that at the analyst meeting. I don't have all of that in front of me right now. We'll update all of that for 2014 through 2018, and then the show you 2019 at the analyst meeting. And I'd rather do it that way versus giving you pieces of information because I don't want to create confusion around that. And we'll have slides on all of that at the meeting.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all for joining us today, and thank you for all of your questions. We look forward to answering more questions at our analyst meeting coming up at the end of March and going through a lot more detail with you at that time. In the meantime, if you have any questions that you need follow-up on, please contact Rick Vaccari or any of the people in our Investor Relations group to help you in the meantime. And we will see you at the end of March. Thanks.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I think, in general, we're in very good shape. And I would point out that just to comment on, in line with the dividend question, just to remind you all that this whole project, we're committing existing assets and we fully expect to finance and use the contributions from our partners to finance construction. So that's not a drain on our cash, so we certainly are able to raise the dividend without -- that there's no concerns there. As far as financing goes, and Joe can comment on this as well, but we have a very, very robust response to our financing efforts. And we are highly confident of being able to completely finance this project without any problems.
Mark A. Snell: We're in the final kind of final weeks of negotiating the EPC contract. And what I will say is that we will have -- we will come out of with this with a contract that is a lump sum turnkey project contract that shifts the construction risk to the EPC contractor. And I think there was always some concern whether that would happen, but the market has been good around that and we have a very nice contract that we're very happy with, with a very experienced builder.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. A couple of things I would just say is that -- and I know you can appreciate the technical nature of some of my comments here. But what we've seen in the past is we've had a very depressed storage market with really the only value being recognized is the summer, winter spread that frankly has been relatively small and weak over the last few years. We're certainly seeing that change now, we're seeing a higher value for that. But then I think even more importantly for the first time in probably 4 years or so, we're seeing a real return to some extrinsic value. So valuing that volatility around the gas market, we're seeing a value put on that, and we're getting that in our storage rates currently. So I think that part of the business seems to be coming back a bit. And in fact, I think for the first time we've actually sold some storage to marketers, which we haven't done in a long time. So there is something going on there. I'm a little bit reluctant to say that it's back to where it was 7 or 8 years ago. But it's certainly a better market today than it was 6 months ago.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I would say that if you think of LNG as being sort of a midstream asset that's certainly MLP-able, we are starting to see opportunities in the LNG space. And I'm going into some detail on some specifics at the conference. But I think we are kind of starting construction on Cameron with a mindset that this isn't just a single-asset business. It is a business that we believe we can grow, and we can continue to add to it. And we're very excited about the opportunity to really have an LNG business and not just an LNG asset. So I think that's what's very exciting. And I will say on the other midstream stuff, it's a very competitive market. And the stuff that we've seen that's been priced reasonably is stuff that we typically don't want. And the stuff that we've looked at that we want is either not for sale or very, very expensive. And so we certainly are taking that into consideration. And I think most of you have enough confidence in us that this is a management team that's pretty thoughtful about how we make investments in these kinds of things. And we're looking to do -- we are certainly anxious to do something that builds shareholder value. But we're also very willing to be patient.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I get it. Look, I think exactly the same comment applies, which is, I mean, the valuation metrics around assets and existing MLPs is pretty much the same, which is the ones you really want are very, very expensive and the ones that look like they're reasonably priced, there's usually something wrong and something we don't want. So I think the same -- all the same caveats apply. But as Joe said, we're more than willing to move on something if we find the right thing. We just haven't found it yet.
Mark A. Snell: Okay, yes. Look, I think, well, this answer is going to sound a little bit like the current administration. It's kind of an all-of-the-above strategy. Our customers are going to acquire gas both -- there will be Marcellus gas that we expect to flow south into the facility and we'll also -- obviously the Texas production will flow there as well. And there could even be Midcon and other production basins that will flow into this facility. And if you think about our facility and the other LNG facilities that are in that region, even with and coupled out with the petrochemical businesses and the proposed petrochemical plants all in that Gulf region, this is going to be a very, very large area of consumption for natural gas, and so supplies will come from all over. All of the producing regions will end up supplying this region. And we're seeing that now. And it's actually -- that's what one of the things that's creating value for not only our storage assets, as you mentioned, but also some of our pipeline assets that you might not even think about. REX is looking like becoming more of a header system for the whole north part of the country. And that header system is going to feed both going north and south. So we do think there'll be some interplay with our other assets.
Mark A. Snell: I think because we have found gas in so many places across the country, and some of those places are so close to the consuming regions, basis spread has collapsed around the country. And I think what you're going to really see is -- and like all infrastructure, we do have a lot of pipeline infrastructure, it's just some of it is not going in the right direction. So as we make the incremental investments to be able to move gas in the direction that we need it to go, you're going to see the basis kind of reduced down to the tariff on those lines.
