Faisel Khan: Just a couple of questions. There's an recent sort of news about the potential to change the foreign tax rate for repatriation of overseas earnings. Just wondering if you can just remind us if we're going to move to more of a quasi-territorial system as what might be outlined in some of these tax trade publications? What will be the earnings impact or benefit to you guys? And then I have a follow-up.
Faisel Khan: So after that, you guys can start construction. So starting February -- assuming you get the permit in February '14, you'd start construction right away. There's no other permit that's required after that.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And any sort of update on natural gas vehicles and transportation infrastructure for natural gas vehicles? I mean, you guys put a lot of stuff on your website related to this sort of topic and just wondering if something is sort of moving forward at SoCalGas or maybe outside of SoCalGas.
Debra L. Reed: Let me first remind you of what we've committed to do under the current tax situation, and then I'll have Joe kind of talk about what's happening in Washington right now and what the impacts might be with that. What we committed to do under our -- under the current tax situation is that we're repatriating about $200 million this year and then about $300 million over the next 5 years back and that we're doing that by using the net operating losses that we have as a result of some of the bonus depreciation we had at the utilities. And so that is the plan that we're working currently. As you know, under the tax laws, they looked at changes that may change the overall corporate tax rate, and with doing that, then we would get a benefit. And I think the number was something around $30 million. But Joe, let me ask you to go into more details.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. If you take Argentina out, Chile and Peru are right on track to what we would be anticipating and kind of what we laid out for you at May at the Analyst Meeting. We're having good performance from both of those companies. The growth rates are very positive, and the ranges that we've talked about before, we're seeing customer growth of 2% to 3.5% and load growth of 5% to 6% in both of those utilities.
Debra L. Reed: The ongoing impact, what -- well, what I can say is what, historically, we've had is about $15 million to $20 million a year of net income from SONGS. And as I mentioned in my comments, certainly, for this year through looking at cost efficiencies and in some of the improvements in our operations due to advancements of technology that we're deploying and all, we feel that we can offset that for this year. And so we were able to include that in our updated earnings guidance that we would still be in the $4.60 -- $4.30 to $4.60 range, including covering off that loss of SONGS income for this year.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we'll look at -- we'll update our guidance as we always do in February. I mean, what we will certainly look at continuing to look for ways that we can improve the operations of our business as we always do and look at some opportunities to offset that. One of the things that hasn't been factored in and will be factoring in when we do our guidance is what is needed to replace SONGS and what that would mean in terms of additional investment. And so all those things we'll be looking at the before we give updated 2014 guidance in February.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The -- on the Analyst Day, we had the Los Ramones Phase 1 that we talked about, and then we had the Chilean first 2 transmission lines in Chile. The second 2, that I mentioned today that we had just bid were not in the capital plan. But as Joe mentioned, we have plenty of cash in Chile to fund those projects.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we're still looking at that right now. The bid hasn't even come out. We're looking at -- September time frame is what they've said for the bidding on that. And so we're, of course, pursuing all possible options and looking at how we would want to handle it. We haven't made any decisions.
Debra L. Reed: Well, first of all, we expect that to come this year. And that's -- every indication that we received and most recently a key person that works with Moniz, his energy counselor, Melanie Kenderdine, commented that he had completed his review of the data. He had completed his review of the analysis to ensure that the public interest analysis was done appropriately. And he had affirmed that no further modeling was required. And so we would anticipate having him now completed that we will start seeing these projects roll forward. It's not on a critical path for us yet because the FERC permit comes after our expectations on the non-FTA. And so as long as we have both of our permits in the first quarter of next year, then we're pretty much on path.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we gave you the slide at the Analyst Meeting, and we broke it down into utilities and midstream and renewables. And just to give you a highlight of some of the things we're working on, as I mentioned in the utilities for San Onofre and what needs to be put in place with San Onofre retiring, there will most likely be some incremental transmission investments that would be necessary but also the gas system because to replace San Onofre is most likely a combination of renewables and natural gas will be necessary and that we will be looking at what type of investments will be necessary in the gas system. And so that is underway. In Latin America, we talked about Los Ramones Phase 2. We're looking at clearly moving forward with -- to the extent that we can on the Santa Teresa Hydro II project. And then we talked about the additional transmission in Chile, and then we'll continue to look at other things there. And then in the U.S. midstream area that we have made a filing to do some laterals on REX, that's a public filing and that we're also looking at the assets adjacent to Cameron, the LA Storage and then the Cameron pipeline and would expect to be developing those assets in the same kind of time frame as Cameron. And then on the Renewables space, we're certainly looking at any additional opportunities there, including if there's some to get -- some potential to get some wind projects done before the clock ticks away and that we no longer have the opportunity for the production tax credit. So those are all kind of underway right now in those areas.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. Let me just say that this is something that we told you before we were looking at because we saw the flows out of the Marcellus and Utica and needing to get to market. And so this has been something that we've been quite interested in for a while now, and now we're pursuing it with a new partner. So let me have Mark kind of talk a little bit about that.
Debra L. Reed: What, we're expecting in February 14 is the FERC permit, which basically allows us -- without the FERC permit, we cannot begin construction, and so that's what we're expecting in the February time frame.
Debra L. Reed: Well, yes, there's a few months between when you get the permit and when you can actually begin construction. But assuming that we get the permit in February as we expect, then we would be on our construction schedule that we've laid out to have the first train come on at the end of 2017.
Debra L. Reed: Thank you. Well, thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we have Rick Vaccari and his team available to answer any follow-up questions you have from our call today, and thank you very much for being with us. Bye-bye.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. Yes. It sort of depends on where they land here. As Debbie mentioned, if they were to drop the rate such -- to like 28%, something that the President suggested the other day, Debbie's right. Instead of about $60 million a year of expense, we'd have roughly $30 million. But if they were to go to a more territorial system, which we've been advocating, perhaps, they might do something that would have no tax, although they might actually impose some kind of a onetime tax to bring back some of this money that's sitting offshore in many companies. So they might impose sort of a 5% tax or something like they have done previously. And in that case, certainly, it would lower the earnings impact that we have in our plan today. So it would be very beneficial to us.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes. Faisel, this is Joe. Let me talk about that most of that cash that's sitting on the balance sheet right now is either in Mexico or in Chile. As we've talked about before, we are not repatriating any of the funds from Chile because we would have an incremental Chilean tax, and we're looking for investment opportunities for that sum, which is around $300 million. The other $500 million about is sitting in Mexico, and that's money that was raised in the IPO and is going to fund the Sonora pipeline project.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. What we're focused on is getting these commitments later in the year. We want to make sure that we do them in the right time frame so that commitments don't expire before we actually draw down the money. But it's progressing very well. There are more meetings going on all the time. And we're getting strong, very strong indications of interest. So the financing is going along well very well. We will look to do hedging when we have the commitments in place, and we're talking to our partners about that. Interest rates have moved some, but it's pretty modest. The impact is really pretty modest based on the numbers we have in our plan. So we will, in fact, do a significant amount of hedging. The timing will be probably closer to the end of the year or beginning of next year, depending on when we and the partners agree on the structure.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would say that it -- there's certainly interest in Mexico. I think there's -- the people recognize that there's good growth there and that these are good projects. But I do think that the companies that have historically been successful in Mexico, of which, obviously, we're one of the leaders in, are the ones that are -- continue to be successful. And I think it's just a knowledge of the market and knowing how to get things done there. But it is attracting more international investment, but I think the companies that have been doing business in Mexico for a long time still have some advantage.
Mark A. Snell: I think the future of REX, it will, over time, start to look a giant header system for the Midcon. And it'll take flows from both directions and probably feed into Chicago and other Midcon markets. I think that'll take some time. There are some tariff issues, and you've probably seen the news on some of the issues with existing shippers. All of that has to get worked out. But I think, over time, that's where this asset will go. We probably, as far as the MLP-able, it's obviously an MLP-able asset, but until a lot of these issues are resolved, there would be one that wouldn't drop into an MLP right away until we kind of had some long-term predictable cash flows out of it. But we have -- the good news is we have plenty of other MLP-able assets that are very strong. And obviously, with the Cameron facility, we'll have very good assets that we can look at developing that kind of infrastructure down the road.
Mark A. Snell: Oh, there are, and we're pursuing them right now. And I think there's likely to be some near-term kind of things coming out of REX that's showing additional revenue possibility.
Mark A. Snell: Let me try to answer that. I mean, we're all speculating on what we think the DOE is going to do, and so there's a high degree that we'll be incorrect. I think we all thought, a lot of us and, not just us at Sempra but other companies as well, Dominion and others, all thought that there may be some of this would come out in batches. It seemed reasonable to think that, that was going to happen. In hasn't happened yet. That doesn't mean that it won't happen. It could. But our belief is that even if we stay on the schedule that Moniz has laid out and he does do them one by one under some thoughtful process, we still believe we'll get ours by the end of the year. So I think we're -- we feel comfortable that we're on track to do this. As Debbie said earlier, it's not a -- it's an important permit obviously. We have to get it to secure our financing and all the other things. But as long as we get it this year or very early next year, we're still on track, and it doesn't really -- doesn't change our timing as long as it's within a reasonable time frame.
Mark A. Snell: Well, let me tell you from a business perspective that we're looking at. I mean, we have talked a little bit in the past. We are looking at LNG and natural gas as a fuel, and a lot of the low carbon standards, especially in the shipping industry, is things that we're looking at, and we see opportunities there to provide infrastructure to that industry, both shipping and the railroad industry to use natural gas. And so we do -- we think that there's going to be some real benefits and growth opportunities in the future around those kinds of regulation.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. No, I just think, just as I said, I mean, I think the opportunities that look to have the best potential to really be significant in the near term, I think are on the commercial side, both on the maritime and railroads and large haul trucking and those kinds of things as opposed to passenger vehicles.
