Debra L. Reed: Sure, I'd be happy to tell you what we're looking at right now. In terms of quantification, we're still working on that, but I can kind of go through what the needs are, Faisel. In looking at SONGS replacement, I would say that there are 2 areas of focus. One is on the electric side, but the other is on the natural gas side. And both of those will require reinforcement. On the electric side, we will be improving the electric transmission system to provide voltage support, and SDG&E will be doing the construction of that. That's already been allocated by the ISO to -- for SDG&E to give an estimate for doing that. We will also be looking at new electric transmission. And that electric transmission for the state is something that the ISO is working on now and is likely to be competitively bid. And so ourselves and others would have the opportunity to bid on that. And that is expected to be several billion dollars’ worth of work. And then on the natural gas infrastructure side, we've been working with the ISO, because with the gas needs from both the SONGS retirement and once through cooling that goes into place that there is going to be some need to reinforce the gas system to provide for more gas fire generation and basin. And so both SoCalGas and then SDG&E are also looking at that. And we would anticipate laying out a plan with the ISO to the CPUC within the next year on the gas system enhancement.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me have Joe kind of go through where we -- first of all, where we are on financing and then how that kind of plays out. And some of it is reserves that we have to do.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I mean, what we're looking at is for new projects that we would have the ability to ask for incentives for new projects that we would do, and we would look at requesting incentives for new projects. For the existing projects, when we put the formulaic rate in place that we've had for a number of years, the condition was that we would not ask for incentives for any of the projects that were under that formulaic rate, so that's how I think you might want to look at. And how FERC deals with incentive requests for new projects, we can't forecast how that will come out.
Debra L. Reed: Let me kind of go through what are some of the projects that are -- were not identified in the 6% to 8%. And as we said at the analyst conference, that there were some -- based on the projects in the 6% to 8%, they may be sized differently than they were. They may have some time changes and all. So it's not as clear as this is a 6% to 8%, and then here's the 9% to 11%. But I would say we've made significant progress on new projects since we saw you at the Analyst Day. And let me just go through some of the things that we're looking at now. Los Ramones II, I talked about that. We're looking at a minimum of 25% of that project. So $250 million, $300 million of investment there as the -- on the low side. We have 2 Chilean transmission projects that we have agreements on that came after the Analyst Day and that we will own 50% of those projects, and the total is $80 million. So we'll have 50% of that. And those are scheduled for completion in the 2017, 2018 timeframe. We also have the Broken Bow project that we talked about. We have some SONGS replacement needs that Faisel just asked about in the last question, and we're going through the process of trying to quantify some of those right now. And then there are some other projects obviously we're working on that we will announce when we can confirm that we've received those projects. And then finally, the PUC came out with a ruling on battery storage, and that was incremental to any of the plans. But I believe that all of that is likely to be in the later years of the plan based upon what we're looking at right now. And these projects will either -- PSEP, as an example, that could vary from what we had in our plan that we filed 2 years ago because we've identified some additional records that would reduce the mileage on that. But at the same time, the timeframe to get the work done and the cost estimates for doing that have likely gone up. So we're likely to have to file an update on that. And so these projects will either add to or supplement some of the 6% to 8% growth. What I would say bottom line is with everything we have going, I have great confidence that we can achieve that 6% to 8% growth and possibly more.
Debra L. Reed: I think everything we're hearing is quite constructive, and that if you kind of look at how long it took them to approve the prior project is something like 35 days, and if you add the government shutdown time to the 35 days, then hopefully, we'll see something coming out within the next week or so on Freeport. And then if they keep to that pace, we do believe that we would be in the -- would be next up in the approval queue. We would be #1 then after Freeport expansion and expect to get that by the end of this year if they kept up that type of schedule. I would say that Secretary Moniz just traveled to Japan. And I think the thing that is very clear is that the Japanese have made a strong case for the need of getting these projects moved forward quickly because of their need to have deliveries in the 2017, 2018 period. And that -- we had read and it's been reported to us that Moniz was quite constructive on keeping this kind of pace of 1 to 2 months approval on the project when he was in Japan.
Debra L. Reed: I would just repeat the statement. I think we have great confidence and visibility to the 6% to 8%. And that when we give you our outlook at our analyst conference next year, we'll lay out for the 5 years again. But you can look at those charts we gave you and see that we have made progress. So we'll go through all of that when we can update all of our numbers at our analyst conference.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we don't ever do a public forecast. But I mean, we kind of monitor and set our plans based upon kind of what is coming out from FERC. So as I said, we're looking to be slight -- in the low end of the kind of range that we had anticipated going in. So we don't give any kinds of ranges. They are factored in though when we give you the guidance ranges, and that's why we give you by business unit guidance ranges so that there's some flexibility as to where some of these things might come out that we don't know the outcome of.
Debra L. Reed: I would just add on this, too, is that when we look at -- just like what we did with IEnova, when we look at forming an MLP, when we look at doing an IPO, we really feel that it's absolutely critical to have a growth strategy and to have clarity on how you grow beyond the initial dropdown of the assets. And I would hope that with our highly successful IPO of IEnova that you see, we're not hesitant to consider these types of financial structures, but -- that we try to time that when they align with our business interest. And with IEnova, I think that was a great example. We knew the Mexican reform was coming. We had some projects we thought we could show some clear growth on. We launched the IPO, and the stock is up something like 51%. So that's the type of transaction we like to do around here. So I would hope you would have some confidence that we'll look at all of these kinds of structures in light of that.
Debra L. Reed: I will just tell you on past history, when it comes to environmental issues in California, I have not seen them generally delayed. So the ISO is very actively planning for the restrictions on once-through cooling and looking at the needs that come from SONGS and from some potential low growth over time. So the way we look at it is that, that is going to be happening. And if it's like everything else in California on the environmental front, it doesn't appear too likely to be delayed.
Debra L. Reed: I'll have Joe address that. I think just last week, Congress moved it forward. And we think that this is going to pass this year. And that's why we wanted to give you the heads-up on this call. But I'll have Joe address kind of the future view.
Debra L. Reed: Well, let me just say that, we are very seriously looking at the whole MLP issue and what are the right options for structuring an MLP that would provide the kind of long-term growth that we want in our space. There's nothing that we would preclude doing. But we would also -- I mean, we feel really good about the value of the assets that we would have to go into an MLP. And then when you have something like Cameron that basically we take an existing plan and we put that in as our equity contribution, and then we earn $300 million to $350 million a year off of that, we want to be sure that anything that we do is in the long-term interest of our shareholders. And so I don't feel any desperation to try to move it up. If we found a good partner where we felt we could create greater long-term value and an MLP, we would be very open to that.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all, very much for joining us. And as always, if you have any follow-up questions, you can please contact our IR team, and they'd be happy to answer them for you. And have a great day.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, it's Joe. Yes, what Debbie said is correct, that we have required reserves and costs around the financing program. But as she mentioned, it's going very well. We have a term sheet and Kate Collier, the Treasurer, and others on the team. And our partners have been going around to visit with the large financial institutions in Japan and New York, and are in -- trying to get the rating agencies to rate the project, which should have a very strong credit rating. But this money all really relates to sort of capitalized interest and the required reserves that the financing is going to require so that they can make their debt service payments.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure, Rajeev, absolutely. And I mentioned this a little bit on the last call. A lot of that actually is cash from the IEnova IPO. There's about $500 billion in Mexico that's being used as we talk building the Sonora pipeline. We expect to use that over the course of the next several months, and then, possibly go back and raise some more debt to finish the pipeline off next year. As we've mentioned before, we have about $350 million in Chile in the holding company above the Chilean utility. And we are looking and have some active projects going on right now that we haven't talked about and we will once we have a chance to firm it up and be able to talk about that. So we're actively working to use that money. And about $167 million of it was at SDG&E because we did an offering, a bond offering at SDG&E. And part of that was used to redeem the preferred stock in October. So the cash is pretty well spoken for.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. When this -- when the energy reform was proposed and the economic and tax reform, part and parcel, they need to work together a little bit because the energy reform affects PEMEX cash flow and then they need a tax reform to drive more revenue. So a lot of the tax reform was driven around individual tax reforms, so they increased rates in the individual level. And for corporations, they just changed a few things. We've taken a look at all of that. The one thing they did -- the current tax rate in Mexico is 30% on corporation. It was supposed to go down to 29% and then 28%. And so our deferred taxes into the future were booked at those rates, and we're just having to bring them back to the 30%. But it's a small effect on future earnings. We don't see any other major effects on us. There were some other small wrinkles, but we do expect it to go forward. The Congress has essentially approved it, and we expect it to go forward by year end.
Mark A. Snell: Rajeev, obviously, as we get Cameron moving, we are looking at this MLP opportunity. We think it would be a great asset to anchor an MLP for us. And I think, really, the question is as we look out at it is when will it start cash flowing and when would be the most opportune time to do that. So I think as an anchored -- as sort of the anchored tenant of our MLP, I think we're looking probably around, as we approach the first cash flows from the business, which should probably be 2016 or '17.
Mark A. Snell: Okay. Neel, good question. Well, first on the reason that we didn't bid is, I think, the -- when the proposal was put out, we looked at it and we really didn't feel like there was enough time being allowed for us to do an effective bid. And while we did lobby to try to get extensions, that didn't happen. And PEMEX went forward with the bid. And so we've decided that because we didn't feel like we had enough time to do a fulsome bid and really have a number that we felt very comfortable with, we decided not to bid. As a result, I think partly because of the timing and other issues, the bids that came in didn't meet their expectations, nor did they conform with the bid instructions, and so they were rejected. Or the one bid they did get in was rejected, then they went back and talked to the potential bidders and worked out a program to really get this pipeline done on time and meet their -- and help meet their expectations. And they came back to us, I think, because we have a, a long history with PEMEX of doing projects with them. We have a joint venture in place that has been very, very successful. And I think they felt very comfortable in dealing with us and making sure that if we did commit to something that we can make sure that it would happen on time and within the kind of monetary restrictions that they were looking for. And so as a result, we've been able to -- we're negotiating with them to get this project done. We'll have at least 25%. And we expect that they have sort of a regulated rate of return.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, I would just say too, that I think one important thing to note is, is that with or without reforms, we're very well positioned in Mexico to continue to build out energy infrastructure. And I think the reforms, to the extent that they come, will only enhance our ability to do -- to continue to do that, because they'll bring on -- more fields will be brought on. There'll be more need for pipelines. There'll be more need for treatment facilities. There'll be more needs for the kinds of things that are in our wheelhouse. But as that's happening and as there's more and more emphasis in Mexico on the fact that they need to divert more monies into E&P, there's going to be those opportunities for us to continue to fund their infrastructure needs. And so we -- no matter how this comes out, we think, even without reform, we have a pretty bright future there. And with perform, it gets even better because there will just be more activity. So we're pretty excited about it.
