Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question, and certainly, I think you're making a very interesting point. You can tell that 94% of our five-year capital program is dedicated to our utilities, and this is not the first year that we've made that type of prioritization. You've seen us grow our U.S. rate base from the end of 2017 which was about $14 billion to roughly $41 billion today, so that remains an ongoing priority. The capital that is in the plan today for Sempra Infrastructure, it is fairly conservatively projected, as you know Shar, our convention really is to focus on projects where we have already taken FID and they're in construction. I might refer you to Slide 34, where it outlines a basket of incremental opportunities that we certainly think could be quite positive for the company. There is about $5.2 billion to $5.7 billion of incremental opportunities. I think part of that informs our view that our projections are fairly conservative.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. One of the things that was excited about for today's call was one of the slides that showed that at the end of 2017, our U.S. utility rate base was $14 billion. Today, it's $41 billion and by the end of the five-year period that you are addressing is going to be $62 billion. And we have a fair amount of confidence to be able to grow that size of rate base. That's a 4.4 times growth over that nine-year period of time. And I think what that really reflects is the benefit of over the last four years, our capital recycling program and our focus on these T&D marketplaces where if you're in the right markets with good regulation, you can continue to produce higher recurring cash flows and grow your business faster than your peers. We certainly think that one of the arguments that comes through in our materials is the important role that Sempra Infrastructure plays in supporting that growth. So if you go back to the December timeframe of 2020, the market was valuing the IEnova business and LNG business at about $9 billion. We have a slide here today that shows our ability to basically extract roughly $7 billion out of that business to support the type of growth you're seeing in our utility. So I think my conclusion would be we have three very strong platforms that are very capable of growing. Each of them have scale and a leadership position in the markets they serve. I think we've got this thing teed up to deliver really good results in the years ahead.
Jeff Martin: Right. Yeah. Justin talked about this opportunity that we're working on for $10 million tons per annum of new capacity. They have a self-funded business model today where they can resource third-party equity at the project level. They can also call in their equity partners. And one of the things that's really exciting about the Sempra Infrastructure transaction was, we set that business up with an investment-grade balance sheet and a mandate that they self-fund their business. And when they can return capital to the parent to support our share repurchases and our dividend program and our growth and our utilities, they can do that. So I think one of the things that Trevor oftentimes says is, that business produces a flywheel of cash, and that has been very instrumental to Sempra success in growing this utility platform, and we'll look to them to help finance their growth on LNG side.
Jeff Martin: So the way to think about Steve would be fully online by 2027, which is about a 48-month period of time. Justin is making a great point, we're looking to have access to additional volumes from debottlenecking, probably within our five-year plan period.
Jeff Martin: I will give you a couple of comments, Steve and I mentioned some of this earlier in the call, but I think today's call really is a combination of what we've been talking about in terms of our strategy and the value being focused on T&D platform that really privileges U.S. utility growth, right? So we're very pleased with the progress we've made over the last four years and be able to grow our earnings per share over that four-year period at about 11% rate and fund these record capital plans while returning capital to shareholders. So we've got a pretty virtuous model going for us right now. One of the things I would ask you to think about is we have a very rigorous strategy discussion with our Board we met earlier this week. Strategy is discussed at every single regular meeting of the Sempra Board through the lens of how we can push more and more value back to our shareholders. And I think you can tell from the last three or four years, we're not going to be bashful. If we see an opportunity to unlock the balance sheet and buyback more shares or adjust our dividend policy, we're going to do that. But I think right now the key takeaway from this call is we have a record capital campaign. We've gone from 2017 when I was the CFO of having a $16 billion five-year plan, Steve, it's 20 billion higher in over a four-year period of time. So our number one opportunity is to make sure that we're funding as a first priority, what we think is a very attractive capital program and continue to look for opportunities to unlock value. And I think we've demonstrated a willingness to do that.
Jeff Martin: Let me just start with a little bit of context. I think one of the things we're excited about and you've seen us dedicated our focus to improve the quality and scale of our us utilities that's reflected in our rate base numbers, Michael. But California rate base projections are clipping along at about 9% CAGR. And that Allen's organization, Oncor is growing at roughly 8%. And on average, you put those two together and they're growing about 8.5%. I'll take your point, which you would expect earnings to roughly over long periods of time to reflect that type of rate-based CAGR. In California, you recall that we're going into a rate case cycle. That first year where rates are in effect, you usually see a large step-up and it's that portion of the new rate base that's coming into that cycle. And at Texas, you have a little bit of a lag in terms of how they're mechanisms work. But I think the larger point you're making is you don't have visibility to year three or four or five from a growth standpoint. But that differentiation you're seeing should basically come together closer to the overall rate base growth over the five-year period.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Let me make a couple of contextual comments and I'll pass it to my partner, Allen and I here in just a second. But you remember here in California, we're going to follow our cases later this year, both for SDG&E and SoCalGas. Those cases will flow into 2023 with a view that those rates will be effective on January 1, 2024. In Texas, Allen has prepared his team for his rate case filing. But Allen, I'll let you speak to how you're prepared for that case, how you think about the timing of that case relative to some of Michael's comments.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Ryan for that question. You recall that we announced a recent MOU with CFE. And one of the things that the country is trying to address is, as they went through their reforms from 2013, they've essentially overbuilt their pipeline network at the time with a view toward building a lot more natural gas-fired generation to replace a lot of their oil-fired plants, so their older plants. Some of that pipeline capacity is unused. So one of the things that's important in that MOU is that our partnership with CSE is designed to basically utilize some of their pipeline system to support the Vista Pacifico project, which reduces the cost that they are bearing for that capacity. And secondly, there's a work around planned where they've agreed to help us put the Sonora pipeline back into service network, involve additional capital. And we've got our opportunities here, particularly in Baja. One of the things that Tonya always reminds us up is Baja California and Baja Sur is literally disconnected from a gas and electrical standpoint from Mainland Mexico. So this situation where San Diego Gas, Electric sits and this North Baja position that we picked up in terms of our power position in renewables, as well as our pipeline position, we think there will be continued opportunities there and in the future for pipelines to be built to support growth in Baja.
Jeff Martin: Yes. We definitely have a Volta project very much adjacent to TDM in Mexico. You may remember that when TDM was built back in the 2000 period, they had plans for a second combined cycle plant to be built adjacent to TDM. That project has now been dedicated to batteries and Justin's teams evaluating a 500 megawatt battery project out of that location. I'll turn it over to Kevin. We actually are quite bullish on batteries here at San Diego Gas & Electric, and maybe Kevin you can contextualize that opportunity for the utility.
Jeff Martin: I'll give you a couple of thoughts and maybe Kevin, you can follow me. But I think one of the things, and I actually had the opportunity to follow Edison's call yesterday too, that you're seeing is there is no longer a conversation about whether there's going to be a clean energy transition, Julien. The conversation now is about how fast it can happen and what the different mix of technologies in fuels will be. And I think in California, one of the areas that we're fairly prideful about our leadership position is we see a marketplace here where there there's a big and growing role for electrification in the form of green kilowatt, but there's also big role for green molecule. So I think this decision you saw yesterday very much validates the adjacencies in the existing value of SoCalGas system. They just completed 4% of the core deliveries last year from renewable natural gas and this new mandate will up that number to about 12.5% by 2030. And that ruling came after SoCalGas had already committed to get to 20% by 2030. So I think the role of renewable natural gas, our recent announcement around the Angeles Link for hydrogen. These are going to be big opportunities. I think our footprint to your point, it's going give us a lot of opportunities, both on the regulated and unregulated side. And Kevin, you've long been a leader in our innovation at the company. Maybe you can provide some color around how you're thinking about renewable natural gas and hydrogen.
Jeff Martin: Well, let me take a shot at it. And if I don't answer it accurately, please come back and we'll try to make sure I get a more fulsome answer. But I would start with the fact that you've seen our capital program grow from about $16 billion over five years in 2017 to $36 billion. So the cornerstone of our program going forward is the fact that all three of our platforms have very strong growth. And against that backdrop, we understand that we're accompanied where we need to privilege the dividend, right? So our investors expect us to return capital in a very competitive way with our dividend and what you've seen us do in the summer of 2020, Julien, and now most recently in the last 90 days, it put a billion dollars of share repurchases to work. And again, as someone mentioned earlier, flexing the balance sheet a little bit, between now and the end of 2023, to put another billion at work. So when we think about that return of capital, it's really a two-pronged opportunity, of dividend, juxtapose beside the share repurchases. Now, to your point, as you go forward in the plan, there are a variety of things that could cause our plan to get bigger when you think about LNG, I've made this comment earlier in my prepared remarks. But we certainly think what's unique about Sempra Infrastructure is we've given them a mandate to be self-funded, right? So they are in a position where with an investment-grade balance sheet that can source the capital markets, they can source debt, they can raise money at the project level. They've demonstrated a willingness to do that. So think about Cameron as example. We originally owned about 50% of that project. And through our sell-down at Sempra Infrastructure to 70% level today, our look through equity participation at Cameron today is roughly 35%. So we have a lot of flexibility under Faisel's leadership and Justin's leadership to make sure that we're very disciplined before we spend dollars on the LNG business. But their job is to risk adjust those cash flows in a way that makes sure these accretive opportunities for the Sempra shareholder.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. It's a really interesting set a question and I want to compliment you because you have long been a follower of the LNG markets and we've always appreciated our dialogue with you and your firm about this. But you used twice this reference to a perfect storm and we don't take too much confidence or happiness in the fact that we've been predicting this for over five or 10 years. This need for what needs to happen in the middle of decades and we certain no one forecasted what's currently taking place. And I think perfect storm is the right characterization of it. Look, there's no question that there is a commitment globally to clean energy transition, but there's a growing recognition that that transition, Craig, has to happen in an orderly way. As you think about both developing markets and OECD nations, there is a strong and growing role, a very important role for natural gas, and LNG is really going to be the feedstock that allows both Europe and Asia to make that transition with order in a way which is affordable. It is the natural partner to renewable, so I think we're in a very fortuitous position. I think you're really describing for us a high-class problem, so we do have a unique set of assets both from the West Coast, and the Gulf that can be responsive. Now we can't suggest this point be responsive in the short-term, but over the long term, we have a very bullish view of what can happen in our portfolio. Maybe Faisel, who is the CFO of that business, maybe you can think about to Craig's question, Faisel, how you think about that opportunity and how it could be flexed and how big it could be for our company.
Jeff Martin: And I'll just maybe Craig as a final comment say, in the perfect storm you're describing, I think there will be a lot of alignment, around government agencies and support across our industry to pull projects forward as necessary. If we can to be helpful to improve the energy security of our allies.
Jeff Martin: So yeah, that capacity would go to the current off-takers. And so basically represent in a sense, captive customers for the marginal earnings that would come out of those additional volumes.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I'll pass this to Faisel, but I think one of the things we're referring to here is the nature of scarcity that you see in the marketplace, and the growing recognition that you're seeing about the growing role of natural gas. This calls in two things to happen. Number 1, increase openness by customers to enter into long-dated contracts. And Number 2, greater competition for the capacity that we're looking to market both in the Gulf and the West Coast, and Faisel, you want to add anything in that in terms of what we're seeing,
Jeff Martin: Couple of things for you in terms of the five-year plan. Two of those years are under the old rate case and then three of the four or five years will be covered by the rates case that goes into effect on January 1, 2024. In terms of cost of capital, we're obviously following the proceeding very closely. I think our current range for 2022 is contemplated whether the trigger mechanism applies or doesn't apply, it's contemplated in the range we viewed as having between $0.5 and $0.10 impact either way. And then in terms of the GRC assumption, as we think about forecasting in future periods, you recall [Indiscernible] convention has been to use substantially similar attrition mechanisms from the past. So if you look at the attrition mechanisms that PG&E and Edison recently got. And our average attrition mechanism across both utilities over the last five years. That's a good proxy for our expectation in the plan going forward.
Jeff Martin: Sure. In closing I wanted to make sure we took the time to summarize some of the highlights from today's call. We've nearly tripled our U.S. rate base in four years to $41 billion. That includes current authorized blended ROE. Today they're slightly higher than 10%. We posted record adjusted EPS results print in a number today of about $8.43. This was the 12th consecutive year that we've been able to raise our dividend. And today, we announced our long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. And by the way, over the last 10 years, we delivered a 7% to 8% annual CAGR in terms of EPS growth. I would also note that we're really benefiting from a simplified business model with three T&D platforms with scale and the biggest economic markets in North America and all of these results are being backed by shareholder-friendly repurchases; $1 billion in the summer of 2020 and another approximate $1 billion through 2023. We appreciate everyone joining the call. Trevor and Justin and our IR team will be attending the Credit Suisse Conference next week in Vail and also the Morgan Stanley Conference next week in New York. We hope we have the chance to see many of you there in person at both of those events. This concludes our call.
Justin Bird: Great. Thank you, Rich. And thank you, Jeff. So I think as Jeff mentioned, given the robustness of the LNG market and what we view as our privilege platform in the Pacific Gulf -- Pacific and Gulf Coast locations, I think you're seeing two things. One, we're seeing a dramatic increase in the market interest for our facilities. And two, I think you're seeing heightened confidence in our ability to execute on our development projects. First, speaking of Cameron, we're making great progress on the expansion. Project at Cameron, given the timing of the filing of the amendment to the FERC permit, we're now targeting FID in the first portion of 2023. We're also making great progress on Vista. We are actively marketing about 10 million tonnes per annum of offtake and we're seeing. Extremely high levels of interest. So make no mistake, we're working with our partners and customers to get them supply as soon as possible. I wish we could give them more now, but as many of you know, the projects take time to develop, permit, and build. Also, we've made great progress in the last 24 months on Cameron. We reached full COD in 2020, hit record production last quarter, and we're working with our customers and partners to accelerate the debottlenecking of the phase 1. We took FID on ECA in November of 2020, as Trevor mentioned, the projects on time, on budget and being done safely. We expect first LNG there towards the end of 2024, and you should expect us to optimize volumes out of ECA once we reached full production. So to really sum it up Rich, we're focused on delivering LNG to our customers under long-term 20-year contracts. LNG demand is growing about 5% to 10% per year. And you should expect us to grow with the market or better, and lastly, we think we can deliver superior risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders by making disciplined investments in our LNG infrastructure.
Justin Bird: So in terms of the additional train, it would roughly be four years. After that I think the other thing to remember about the Cameron project as a whole, as I mentioned, we're looking to accelerate the debottlenecking, which we think can produce an incremental 1 million tons per annum. And we would expect that to come online prior to the full second train. Sorry, the full additional train at Phase two.
Justin Bird: I would also mention, Steve, and we've talked about strengthening the balance sheet, probably every year for the last four years, and I think you're seeing that benefit. So you think about the high watermark in the second quarter of 2018 when we finished the completion of the Oncor acquisition, our debt-to-capitalization was about 57%. So we've really sickened our equity layer today. At the end of the year of 2021 it was 47%. So you're seeing us Fortress the balance sheet with a view towards supporting more growth for our shareholders and the return of capital in the form of both dividends and share repurchases.
Justin Bird: Yeah. Thank you, Jeff. Yes, Sunil, I think you had been seeing some reluctance on the European utilities to really go out on long-dated contracts. I think a lot of that was driven by uncertainty around the taxonomy, as well as carbon tax related questions. So I think some of that overhang is still there, but I will say we're seeing a significant uptick in interest, particularly given, some of the things that we've described it, as Jeff described in the global markets. The forwards clearly currently affected by what's happening in the Ukraine. But we're still seeing significant interest in the 10 million tons that I'm talking about marketing in Europe and Asia, all of it on a 20-year basis.
Justin Bird: But let me just say this, the reason we just put '22 in there, there was nothing with regards to why we didn't put '23. It's largely the same.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Yes, Steve, we have gone and highlighted the plan with the rating agencies and gotten some of their feedback. We will do it in a bigger way in subsequent weeks here. But they understand where we are on things. And again, we feel very good about the 18% FFO to debt that we ended the year at and continue to strengthen the balance sheet, that is a priority of mine and continued to fund the capex plan.
Trevor Mihalik: Yeah. No, Jeff. I think you pretty much touched on it. The higher parent losses were primarily due to less interest savings driven by a higher capital plan.
Trevor Mihalik: So the earnings for -- the earnings you see in our guidance range for '22 and '23, assumes the proportional amount of earnings, the NCI's in there. For example, in '22, you're seeing roughly 25% interest to our non-controlling shareholders. And then in '23, you're seeing 30% non-controlling interest. That's why you see a little bit of a change there. But on a gross basis, the EBITDA is basically fairly straightforward.
