Jeffery Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased to report our first quarter financial results. It's a great start to the year and sets us up well to provide strong financial performance for 2024.  In addition to the strength of our financial performance, the market backdrop for energy infrastructure continues to be very constructive. We're seeing strong macroeconomic fundamentals supporting U.S. energy demand, with the economy continuing to grow at a steady pace, with manufacturing production gains, easing of supply chain constraints, and continued job creation.  We previously discussed the view that our industry is experiencing a super cycle of growth and believe Sempra's strategy and portfolio are well positioned to benefit from current trends. In addition to the long-term demand from reshoring and electrification of transportation, artificial intelligence and data centers are driving new growth in digital infrastructure with demand estimates tripling from 2.5% of total U.S. electric consumption to 7.5% by 2030. Growth in Texas is also particularly remarkable with ERCOT recently raising its forecasted peak demand by the end of the decade to over 150 gigawatts. Of note, that's 65 gigawatts higher than the all-time record in the state.  Against the backdrop of strong industry fundamentals, Sempra offers several competitive advantages: First, in California, we're at the forefront of the energy transition, serving 25 million consumers in the country's largest economy and one of the largest manufacturing bases in the U.S. And through our general rate cases, we're expecting to make new investments that support electrification and decarbonization while also improving affordability, safety, and reliability.  Turning to Texas, we're seeing diverse industrial, C&I and residential growth, which is creating jobs, increase in electricity demand and requiring significant investments to modernize and expand the electricity grid. With economic expansion, the safety and resilience of the grid becomes even more critical, and in part, that's why Oncor's recently filed system resiliency plan is both timely and important. Allen will speak to this in greater detail later in today's presentation.  And finally, at Sempra Infrastructure, we're supporting global demand for energy security are in the midst of a second wave of LNG developments expected to support over 700 million tonnes per annum of demand by 2050.  Our dual-coast LNG strategy is contributing to this push with approximately 16 million tonnes per annum of new export capacity currently under construction, which would more than double our existing LNG operating footprint. The key takeaway is we're excited about the opportunities ahead as Sempra Infrastructure looks to provide cleaner and more reliable sources of energy to its customers while charting a course for attractive built-in growth through the end of the decade.  It's also important to note that Sempra Infrastructure's growth forecasts are based solely on projects that have reached FID and are under construction and doesn't yet include expected upside from a series of other projects still in development.  Turning now to our financial results. We reported first quarter 2024 adjusted EPS of $1.34. In addition, we're pleased to also affirm our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range of $4.60 to $4.90 and 2025 EPS guidance of $4.90 to $5.25.  As a reminder, when you look at our adjusted EPS guidance range from 2023 to 2025, it reflects approximately 7% annual growth, which is consistent with our long-term EPS growth expectations of 6% to 8%. Please turn to the next slide where I'll turn the call over to Karen to provide several business updates. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, I appreciate the question. And I think we're in good shape on our balance sheet. I'll remind everyone, Shar, that we have a track record of efficiently financing our growth and that's been a big part of our success, as you know, since 2018. In fact, over the last 5 years, we've been successful at growing our adjusted EPS at roughly a 10% annual growth rate. Our current plan, as you know, contemplates we'll make about $48 million of investments through 2028. We certainly think there's opportunities to continue to grow that plan. But I would also mention that well in advance of announcing our capital plan, Shar, we got our equity needs out of the way last fall. So the key takeaway is we're in great shape with no need for additional equity. We have great visibility to our future growth, and I think you indicated a couple of levers that we have to pull. And we have a plan in place that should allow us to officially finance our growth. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. I think there's going to be an opportunity as we get through our rate case. You'll recall that we're expecting to have our proposed decision later this quarter and a final decision at the end of the year. And those are the type of issues that we would reconcile on the then next earnings call, which could be as early as Q3 to make sure we provide real clear visibility to the impact of the rate case on our forward earnings. 
Jeffery Martin: Well, it's certainly a great question. Obviously, ERCOT just released their latest information in the last couple of weeks. Allen noted this in his prepared remarks, but it's pretty amazing that you could take the peak demand load in America's largest economic environment, which is California, and the expectation is in Texas that look to grow back much between now and 2030. The key thing that Allen has mentioned before, too, is ERCOT is right in the middle of this growth story, right? So as you think about growth opportunities, we think that between 40% and 50% of that would fall to his service territory. And there's no question that this will be evaluated in the fall as Allen and his team put their plan together. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, let me make a couple of kind of contextual comments, and I'll turn it over to Allen. Just yesterday, they made their inaugural filing. You know from our materials, it's $3 billion over 3 years. And one of the things that we're interested in at Sempra, very much like all the investments that we make across our different growth platforms, this plan is intended to harden our system to withstand extreme weather conditions, reduce restoration outage times and improve overall reliability. I would also note, Jeremy, that the requested capital is incremental to Oncor's existing capital plan. But Allen, what might be helpful, and I think this will go to the heart of this question is, can we just take a step back, talk about your overall $24 billion capital plan? Why the SRP piece is so important? And maybe I'll return to kind of the value proposition to your regulator. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. Thank you for asking me that question, Durgesh. I think I would start by saying that 2 things come to mind. First is, we believe the permitting pause is temporary and that permits will be issued in the future. I mean, many of you followed the comments that were made at the CERAWeek. I think Secretary Granholm has repeatedly now said that she anticipates this issue will be in the rearview mirror at some point early next year. Secondly, I would also remind folks that it only really impacts Port Arthur Phase 2. We already have existing Department of Energy non-FDA permits for Cameron Phase 1, which is in operations, ECA Phase 1, and Port Arthur Phase 1, both of which are in construction as well as Cameron Phase 2, ECA Phase 2, and Vista Pacifico. So this is really something that really impacts directly Port Arthur Phase 2, and we expect to work through that early next year. I would note that Justin's team continues to work diligently to advance Port Arthur Phase 2, which we continue to believe has tremendous commercial value. But I also thought it might be helpful if I return to what we think are probably the most important points around our LNG strategy. We have quality LNG development projects, which obviously include the expansion of Port Arthur. They are geographically advantaged. There's no other developer out there that has the opportunity to directly access Asia and also dispatch into the Atlantic through the Gulf. The next 2 in the queue have the advantage of being brownfield sites. That's another economic advantage for us at Port Arthur Phase 2 as well as Cameron expansion. And we're advancing these projects in a disciplined manner for the benefit of our shareholders. I would also note that they are effectively upside to our current $48 billion capital plan, and they are also upside to our long-term growth rate. 
Jeffery Martin: Sure. I would mention 2 things. One is we have guided our expected FID for Cameron expansion to the first half of 2025. We have not yet set an FID expectation for Port Arthur Phase 2. But I can assure you that Justin's team continues to make steady progress. I mean, as you go quarter-over-quarter, we are continuing to make progress and commercially developing both of those projects, and I think the momentum inside of our company continues to build on their overall success. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. Let me start with the procedural point and then I'll pass it on to Allen to talk about how he expects that capital to go forward. Obviously, they've made the filing yesterday, which was contemplated in the legislative bill that passed last year. The commission has a statutory 180 days to review and approve the filing. So I think for now, we're expecting that to be in hand in the fourth quarter. And then in terms of that rolling out, suspend over 3 years. And maybe, Allen, you can talk about it on a going-forward basis, how you think that capital would lay in, obviously subject to the commission's approval and the final number. 
Jeffery Martin: And then, Carly, the only other thing I would add to Allen's comments is think about his base capital plan, which is just over $24 billion, is really organized around growth. And specifically, it is weighted toward transmission. So roughly 60% of that spend is transmission. And I think that's why this SRP filing is so important. It really creates a second leg of growth specifically around building in redundancy and resiliency in the system, which is equally important to the state of Texas. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments here. One is, Steve, Conoco is a very important strategic partner for us at Port Arthur. I would note that we've got a lot of respect for their management team and certainly have great relationships across both companies and I think a strong alignment of interest, and this is the key point around both Phase 1 and Phase 2. So whether they elect to put new capital into Phase 2 is an open matter. I'd certainly refer that to their management team. But just remember, in the first phase, they took roughly half of the offtake or 5 million tonnes per annum, they own 30% of the project level equity, and they are also the gas manager for the first phase.  The second phase is, important context, I believe, on Conoco because the second phase will be taking gas supply, Steve, from the Permian Basin, which has significant strategic considerations for a variety of commercial parties, and that's particularly true for ConocoPhillips. So I would just note that this is an area we're working closely with a variety of counterparties who want to collaborate with us on the success of Phase 2. And based on the conversations we're currently having, we continue to be very excited about moving forward with that project. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes. What might be helpful here, Anthony, is Justin, if you just take us through maybe a little bit of a construction update as well as what you're doing to secure some long lead time items on some of the projects to your near-term focused, and that might be helpful for his question. 
Jeffery Martin: Anthony, I'd also mention to the heart of your question, the Bechtel relationship is a strategic relationship for us. They're very, very helpful, kind of the best in the business in the [ Gulf ]. And that's why Justin commented on the importance of not demobilizing Phase 1 and going right into a continuous build into Phase 2 at Port Arthur. I would also note that his team has master purchase agreements with all the key vendors in place. And there's a lot of focus on making sure we're sourcing the key equipment and particularly planning in advance to long lead time items. So that all goes into the box of how we manage risk to make sure that we're delivering projects that create the right risk reward for our owners. 
Jeffery Martin: Yes, let me provide a little bit of context for that because we're excited about that project. Let me start, Anthony, with the fact that we rolled out our new corporate strategy back in 2018. And really, at the heart of that strategy was a more narrow focus on 2 things, the first of which was building leadership and scale advantages in large economic markets; and number two, more narrowly invested in the energy value chain around T&D type of infrastructure investments like Cimarrón where we can produce highly recurring cash flows. So when you turn that corporate strategy back to Mexico, we built a leadership position there going back to the 1990s. It's a market with over 130 million consumers. When I became CEO in 2018, Anthony, it was the 15th largest economy in the world. Today, the IMF has it ranked as the #12 economy in the world. And PricewaterhouseCoopers now forecasts it will be #7 in the world by 2040. It's also our largest trading partner with an energy network that's highly integrated with the United States. And that really plays to our strategy along the border and particularly the wind projects that you're referencing is located right along the U.S. border, is an expansion of a very large ESJ wind complex that we already own. It's integrated electrically with a high-voltage system and does serve California and it's being built using SI's operating cash flows from Mexico. So I think the key point here is, and we've referenced it several times in our prepared remarks, there is a very strong built-in growth story at SI based upon projects that have already taken FID, and the opportunity with this land position we have adjacent to California is to efficiently and cost effectively build some additional solar and wind to serve the California market, which is integrated with Mexico and fill in and continue to improve on that recurring cash flow growth story that Justin has been talking about. 
Jeffery Martin: I would also add, Craig, I appreciate your question. If it's all about seize the day, I'm betting on Justin's team. We're very excited about the progress we're making on the LNG front and look forward to providing updates in the future. 
Jeffery Martin: Let me just start by thanking everyone for joining us today. I know there were competing calls this morning so we appreciate everyone making the time to join us. As Karen mentioned, we certainly believe we have a compelling value proposition with a strong growth and income story. Our management team is committed to the long-term success of Sempra, and we believe there's an incredible opportunity for us to continue innovating and finding new and better ways to serve customers while also delivering strong financial returns to our owners. If there are any follow-up items, please reach out to our IR team with your questions, and we look forward to seeing you in California at AGA on May 20 and 21. This concludes our call. 
E. Nye: Thank you, Karen. As we have been discussing for several quarters now, Texas continues to experience strong demand growth. Oncor now serves close to 13 million customers and has now surpassed over 4 million meters. ERCOT is adapting to this growth with a recently announced new planning process to account for higher expected electricity needs in the future. In April, ERCOT announced that peak load is expected to reach 152 gigawatts in 2030, nearly double the record set last year of 85 gigawatts. This load growth is coming from a wide range of industries across the state, including new and expanded C&I, electrification of oil and gas operations, data centers, manufacturing, and residential. To put this growth in context, the change from 2023 to 2030 would be like adding load greater than the size of the entire California power market. Currently, we anticipate that approximately 40% of the new load will come from Oncor service territory. So from our perspective, as one of the premier builders of T&D infrastructure in America, we are excited about the opportunity to continue to scale our investments in electric infrastructure.  Since 2018, Oncor has constructed approximately 13,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines, approximately 6 miles per day. We have an active planning process underway and are confident in our ability to secure the materials and labor necessary to serve our customers in the ERCOT market. Please turn to the next slide. Given the growth in the state, resiliency is more critical than ever. In 2023, the Texas legislature passed House Bill 2555, which allows electric utilities to file system resiliency plans proposing capital and operational expenditures to improve overall grid resiliency. We made our first filing yesterday for approximately $3 billion of new capital expenditures and just over $500 million of operating expenditures to be made over a period of 3 years. This investment would address overhead and underground system resiliency and modernization, flexible and self-healing distribution system, vegetation management, wildfire mitigation, and cyber and physical security. To provide some additional color, the majority of our proposed spend is in the modernization and hardening of the older parts of our distribution system by adding lightning protection, stronger class poles and cross arms, and addressing capacity constrained parts of the grid during extreme temperatures. Furthermore, we are proposing significant technology and infrastructure investments that will help enable the automated reconfiguration of our system when extreme storms hit, quickly restoring service to customers on undamaged segments by intelligently rerouting power. I would also like to highlight that we have invested in wildfire mitigation for many years, including effectively partnering with industry leaders like SDG&E and the Texas [ A&M ] Forest Service. Now thanks to HB 2555, Oncor has an additional opportunity to further accelerate our wildfire mitigation strategies across our service territory. We estimate that approximately $900 million of the total proposed spend, including both CapEx and OpEx, will focus on expanding our wildfire mitigation tools and implementing our grid modernization and hardening measures in wildfire-prone areas. Procedurally, the SRP statute provides 180 days for the PUCT to review the filing, and we anticipate having a decision by the end of the year. The SRP program, with approximately $3 billion of capital expenditures if approved, would be incremental to Oncor's $24.2 billion of planned CapEx announced earlier this year for the 5-year period 2024 to 2028. We believe our proposed SRP creates an opportunity to fundamentally improve customer reliability and overall customer service during and after extreme weather events while also helping to mitigate other risks. I will now turn the call back to Karen to walk through Sempra's financial update. 
E. Nye: Yes, sure, Jeff. And thanks for the question, Jeremy. Going back to Jeff's point to our original -- our current 5-year capital plan is presently at $24.2 billion. And that breaks down generally into about $5.1 billion for distribution expansion, about $13.5 billion for transmission expansion, $4.2 billion for maintenance, and about $1.4 billion for technology. And again, as I've said before, that demonstrates about 70% of our capital plan is growth. 97% of our capital plan or more is recoverable through our trackers, and that provides us right now with a very, we think, solid industry-leading rate base CAGR of around 11%. Now obviously, that's before the SRP and whatever the commission ultimately rules on our SRP. We feel -- we're very excited about the plan we filed. I think our team has done a great job in preparing a very strong plan that will have, I think, significant benefits for our customers. And if I can, I can break it down a little more into what we filed. Our SRP is generally broken down into 6 major categories. The first one being overhead and underground resiliency and modernization. That includes things like new and repaired poles, cross arms, lightning protection, increased capacity for high demand days, rehab or replacement of underground conductor. And so in that first category, that's around $1.830 billion in the first category. Our second category is continued optimization of distribution automation. And what we're talking about there is expansion of our distribution automation program through new ties, increased capacity and the addition of intelligence switches. And we have about $510 million in that bucket. The third category is expanded vegetation management or VM. We're going to do that primarily on a bunch of lateral circuits, and we're going to leverage remote sensing capabilities such as satellite and LiDAR to better direct our VM program moving forward through this program. We have about $285 million allotted to expand the VM in this plan. Fourth category is enhancing our cyber risk management. That means all things cyber risk-related mitigation as well as enhancement in security related to Oncor's digital backbone. And we have about $525 million allocated to that category.  Fifth, improved physical security. Like all utilities, many around the country, we're facing additional intrusions and risk to our physical assets. And so we have about $80 million allocated in our plan to things such as -- video and event correlation systems to insist law enforcement as well as just general asset protective measures to try and better protect our assets and equipment. And we have about $80 million in that category. Finally, we have about $900 million total in the plan, but about $182 million specifically related to wildfire mitigation measures. And that would include things like strengthening and protection of assets in higher-risk wildfire zones, safe device deployment, advanced wildfire risk modeling, overhead and underground resiliency measures and again, increased distribution, automation in higher wildfire risk areas. And I would say, just lastly on that last piece, that's a continuation of wildfire risk mitigation and prevention that we've had going on for a number of years. But with this additional $900-or-so million that we have allocated to this category in this plan, we think we can make some real headway on that issue as well as the other ones I described. 
E. Nye: Well, sure, Jeff, and I think you said it very well. And I've said on prior calls, I view this and I think we view this as a historic opportunity to really directly take action on our system to the benefit of our customers in the ERCOT market. And I think each one of these categories would provide very specific benefits from resiliency to avoidance and prevention of wildfires to better reliability, all things that will benefit our customers very directly. 
E. Nye: Yes, you bet, Jeff. Pretty simply, it's basically 2025 through 2027 for those outlays and it's slightly backloaded. 
E. Nye: Sure. Yes. Carly, it's a great question. Again, as Jeff said, we at Oncor and our operations and our supply chain people had been working to get in position to be able to execute on this plan for quite a while now. And we've done a number of things, including diversifying our supply chain, adding additional suppliers 5 and 6 years ago that have put us in a position now to while there certainly are issues out there with supply chain, we feel extremely confident in the first 2 years. I've said it to my Board. I think we have the first 2 years effectively in the box with what we need from both an equipment perspective and from a vendor perspective. And we've made very significant progress on the outer 3 years as well. And what we're doing now is filling in the gaps and waiting to assign things out like engineering studies. Those aren't completed yet for the outer years because we wouldn't assign them out until we know exactly what we're facing. But we've managed, I believe, to work through supply chain issues very effectively, and we feel very good about where we are right now. 
