Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. I think the key takeaway Julien is that we have got a lot of options to fund our expected growth. I would start with the expected sale of proceeds from South America. Those two transactions continue to go well. We expect to close Chile next month. Peru could close next month, but it may slip into April. And by all indications, we are in good shape on both of those. We expect to use those proceeds which we talked about in our prepared remarks of roughly $4.55 billion to $4.85 billion and those are after-tax numbers to repay debt and also fund growth. We have targeted debt to cap by year end at 50% and that’s consistent with the commitments we made for the rating agencies back-load to the Oncor deal. Also the thing we are pretty excited about is Phase 1 of Cameron continues to go quite well. We are actually expecting to have commercial operations on Train 2 in a couple of days. And when all three trains are online, we expect to have $400 million to $450 million of earnings from that project and more importantly, about $12 billion of after debt service cash over the project life. And I think to your larger point, as you have seen us do in the past, particularly in 2018 and ‘19, we will always evaluate all available sources of financing with a view towards financing our growth as efficiently as possible and maintaining a strong balance sheet.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate you asking that. We don’t want to obviously communicate anything around mergers or acquisitions. But I can say that we have laid out a pretty important campaign, the inter-Texas obviously that started the Oncor transaction. It led to the InfraREIT transaction. We continue to develop relationships, which we think are important in Texas for execution. And you may have seen, we opened a Houston office. We made that announcement in the last month or two and that’s where we are going to have a Center of Excellence both for Sempra Energy office as well as the office – some of our engineering and construction folks who will be supporting Cameron expansion and Port Arthur. And obviously, Julien, Port Arthur is a priority to us. So just as a market opportunity, Texas is a top priority to our company and we look forward to continuing to execute in the straight line there.
Jeff Martin: I think that’s correct for ‘22 and I think it’s also a change of about $7 billion across the 5-year period as a comparison.
Jeff Martin: I think you should expect, well, I guess, maybe a lot more detail at the Analyst Day, but I think if you think about how we have executed in the past, we have tried to be very, very efficient in terms of how we have accessed lowest cost forms of capital. Clearly, we are looking at our growth through the lens of maintaining a strong balance sheet. And I think obviously we don’t want to forecast capital market activities, but we feel very good about the options in front of us. And look, we have a great problem here, right we have got a great big capital program. We have better visibility. In fact, we are having conversations in the last few days that we have taken a lot of risk off the table of SB 1054 having both rate cases get finished in California was a big deal. And now this is the first time ever, we don’t have a 3-year rate case in California, Greg. We are looking at 5-year numbers that we are discussing on the phone and we have a 5-year rate case. We still got to make some petitions for modifications there. So I think we are in a position where we have unique visibility into the earnings power of the company and how much of it will be driven by rate base in this capital program that we are discussing, it’s about 88% geared toward U.S. based utilities. So we feel very good about it.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate you asking that question. I would start by going back, Greg and talking just briefly about our strategy. We are very focused on our long-term investments. As you have just been talking about, we do that through our California and Texas Utilities and outside of our utilities, obviously we are focused on long-term contracts with good counterparties. Today, there aren’t any investments in our portfolio, zero, where we are allocating dollars to things which are exposed to commodity-driven businesses or based on short-term fundamentals. So as you turn to LNG, we have a deal in the marketplace, right. I mean there is a lot of people out there today that believe if the LNG marketplace will grow at 4%, 5%, we are talking with some counterparties that think it will grow at a 10% CAGR across the next decade. And our view is by the middle of the decade, there will be a shortage in available capacity to meet LNG demand. So even though growth rates vary, people have different views on it. But as you know, that’s what creates the market and we think we are probably best positioned. When you think about the backdrop in North America, this is the market that has the lowest priced natural gas, it has the lowest priced volatility, it’s got certainty of supply and execution and deep capital markets and we take that backdrop, Greg and we overlay it with 4 of our 5 projects are Brownfield, which creates a cost advantage and we have got access both to the West Coast and the Gulf Coast. Our confidence level in LNG remains the same. Right, it’s a long-term focus. We expect to take FID on ECA in the next 30 to 45 days. Port Arthur remains on track, we believe to take FID in the third quarter. We have teams on the ground today in Saudi Arabia. We have folks in Western Europe. Our conversations remain focused on the long-term opportunities. And maybe as one final data point, turning to one of our execution program from Cameron to Port Arthur to ECA 1 calls for 24 million tons per annum. We have 21 signed up for 20-year contracts. So we are working on the last 12% currently and we remain optimistic.
Jeff Martin: What I would say as we have laid out our capital program for 5 years for you, which is kind of front-running the analyst conference, we would expect to fully provide details on each of the business unit guidance going forward and we are going to source financings as we think is necessary to meet that growth, Steve.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Just to clarify on your first question, the answer was yes, just so we are clear. We have laid out guidance ranges that we are prepared to execute on relative to all of the financing options we will look at. On the South American question, those are progressing quite well. I have got Dennis Arriola here who is point person for our South American businesses and maybe Dennis, you can provide some details about our confidence level in closing those two deals.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Ryan. Things are going very well for Oncor. We have got $11.9 billion in the capital plan. In fact, we are forecasting continued electricity growth, particularly in the west end of their system about an incremental 40% between now and 2022. So there is a lot of growth taking place both in the Dallas, Fort Worth area as well as West Texas. So we don’t see any slowdown at all. In fact, we are continuing to be strained to meet all the capital needs for growth in that service territory.
Jeff Martin: Well, we would always follow that particularly in West Texas. A lot of that growth, Ryan is also coming from the fact they have got about 95,000 megawatts of wind and solar and other generation in the interconnection through for ERCOT. A lot of that solar particularly is in West Texas. A lot of that is the transmission build-out that’s unrelated to the E&P activity.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I think we feel confident to be very clear that both of those transactions are in good shape. We expect to close Chile as early as the middle of next month and then Peru will follow a few weeks thereafter. So I think we are in good shape on both of those transactions.
Jeff Martin: I mean, obviously, I think you are asking about the virus generally impact some of the markets we are focused on in our LNG business and we haven’t seen any sign. And obviously as you would expect, we are thoughtful about where people travel. We have instituted programs inside the company to make sure we are thoughtful about protecting our employees. But in terms of conversation with counterparties remember, we have a long-term view about supply and demand in the middle part of the decade and we are really dealing with people, Paul, that have a shared view of the potential infrastructure shortage. So the virus issue hasn’t really impacted our negotiations with the customers we are talking to.
Jeff Martin: I think it’s a really good question. Obviously, we are benefiting from a decade-long low in commodity prices, which is helpful on the bill. And I would start in Texas and you may recall that Oncor today has the lowest rates for those services in the state of Texas and they are forecasting, they will still have the lowest rates in the state of Texas when they complete their record capital program, which I referenced earlier at $11.9 billion. When you turn to California, I think the thing we feel good about from our rate case was there was real attention around the ramp process and making sure that capital has been allocated specifically around safety and reliability. So, as we think about the bill impact at SoCalGas, SoCalGas bills in the low $30 range. It’s a very, very affordable service from the gas company. There is probably more pressure on the electricity side across the state. The good news is I always refer folks to this, as even though the rates have gone higher, the bill impacts are relatively subdued, because we have a pretty modest climate. So even at SDG&E today, including subsidies for low income housing and others, it’s about $100 on the bill. And both of those are lower than the national average. So, we feel good about the capital program as a way of reducing risk in the operating environment and we feel good that we are benefiting from low commodity prices and obviously a large pool of customers if that gets spread across.
Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot. I would just like to express our gratitude for folks who joined the call today. We certainly look forward to seeing all of you in San Diego at our Investor Day that would be on March 24. If you have any follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to contact the IR team. We wish each of you a good day. Thank you.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure. Thank you, Michael. So predominantly in LNG, what you have got there is the cost for ECA, mid-scale. So that’s the large uplift there. And in Mexico, that’s predominantly associated with the build-out of their remaining projects around their fuel storage terminals and other projects like that.
Trevor Mihalik: Right. 100% of the – on the LNG side, it’s a 100% of the CapEx associated with ECA and then for Mexico because it’s consolidated, it’s also 100%. So you have to take the minority interest out of there.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, sure. No problem at all. So, as we mentioned on the prepared comments, we refinanced call it just under half of the existing debt at $3 billion and we took a little bit of a charge in ‘19 associated with that. That really stretched out the tenure of the debts to about 15 years and that’s why we are saying it improved the economics, because it’s improving the front-end cash flow on the project. With regards to the NOLs, roughly, we still are in NOL position through about 2024 and that it will kind of roll off over a 4, 5-year period.
