Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $622 million, or $2.46 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported third quarter earnings of $259 million, or $1.02 per share, compared to third quarter adjusted earnings in 2015 of $248 million, or $0.99 per share. This quarter, we have three adjustments to GAAP earnings. First, as Debbie mentioned, we completed the acquisition of PEMEX's interest in the GdC joint venture and recorded a gain of $350 million, which represents the step up in value of our previously existing ownership interest. Second, U.S. Gas & Power closed the sale of its southeast utilities and recorded a gain of $78 million. And finally, as part of the TdM sales process, additional market information became available this quarter that required us to reconsider its current book value. As a result, we recorded a net $65 million non-cash charge at Sempra Mexico. All three of these items are excluded from third quarter 2016 adjusted earnings and our 2016 adjusted guidance. I'd like to point out that this quarter, we adopted a new accounting standard on stock-based compensation, resulting in a benefit of $34 million retroactive to January 1, 2016, which is reflected in the results for the nine months that had no impact on third quarter results. Please turn to slide 9, and I will discuss the key factors impacting our quarterly earnings. Quarter-over-quarter, adjusted earnings were impacted by the following items. At the California utilities, we had $21 million of higher earnings, primarily due to higher CPUC base margin, net of operating expenses. Sempra International had $13 million of lower earnings, including a $4 million unfavorable impact from foreign currency transactional effects, and inflation in the current year, compared to a $16 million favorable impact in 2015 as a result of significant devaluation of the Mexican peso versus the dollar in 2015. This was partially offset by $5 million of higher operational earnings in Mexico and Peru. I would also like to mention an item that didn't impact this quarter, but it could moving forward. Now that we have closed the PEMEX JV acquisition, we have larger deferred tax balances in Mexico. This increases our exposure to Mexican peso movements in the future. You can find individual financial results for our businesses in the Business Unit Earnings Section. I will wrap up by going over a few of our highlights. Based on our financial results, we are reaffirming our 2016 adjusted EPS guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. Our 2016 GAAP EPS guidance is $5 per share to $5.40 per share. Our primary focus as a company is executing on our base plan. We had a strong quarter with IEnova closing the PEMEX JV acquisition and completing a $1.6 billion equity issuance. We are also working to drive additional growth with new development opportunities. Just this past quarter, additional battery storage was ordered at SDG&E and approximately 400 megawatts of renewable projects were announced at IEnova. Incremental projects like these that fit our strategy can enable us to grow during and beyond the five years of our base plan. With that, we will conclude our prepared comments and stop to take your questions.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. Hi, Greg. So, what we wanted to do here is make sure that everybody had the visibility into the fact that we have monetary assets and liabilities and we have deferred taxes. And because the tax system calculates all of our taxes in pesos, these dollar-denominated items, when they're converted to pesos, obviously, can move. And so, we see some impact of that. Over the last number of years, it's generally been a pretty close push between what was happening if the currencies are all moving in the same direction, what's happening in Chile, Peru and Mexico kind of offset each other. What we've wanted to explain is because we have more deferred taxes now, because we're acquiring the other half of this joint venture, our exposure to peso-dollar movement will move on that deferred tax liability and some of our monetary assets and liabilities. It's hard to predict because, obviously, we would have to forecast what the effect of the dollar-peso movement would be over the course of the year. Last year, we actually had a positive, a significant positive benefit to earnings because of this. Just to remind everybody, we do hedge our current tax liabilities. So, if there's a cash impact, then we hedge that to make sure we don't have a cash impact, but we don't hedge the deferred tax liabilities because it's just an accounting item that moves up and down and that would be costly to do. So, I can't give you a precise number. What we wanted to give you some visibility into is, we've been saying for the past five years or so, that we have a natural hedge between Chile, Peru and Mexico when the currencies are moving in the same direction against the dollar. Now, it'll be a little bit more tilted to Mexico. It can move up and it can move down and it will. And so, there'll be a little bit more exposure, but again, it's a non-cash exposure.
Joseph A. Householder: I think it's important, too, to have perspective about over four-year construction project starting when we took up ID (29:25) in 2014 and going through now. And this is moving from their information to us, a fairly small amount in terms of that, but we wanted you to all understand what the impact could be to some of the earnings numbers that we've given you, because even though it's a small percentage on the construction timeline, we wanted everybody to see the visibility to that.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Faisel. Yeah. We said last year when we announced the deal for the PEMEX JV that we would basically take two years of the dividend flows from IEnova to us, hold those in our Mexican holding company and reinvest that. And we said it would probably be in the $300 million to $350 million range. And Mark and I spend a lot of time with Carlos talking about how much we should take. We got a lot of advice from our IEnova investors of how you guys should maybe not do it, we want to own more. So, definitely there was a lot of demand for this equity which was great. The roadshow was very similar to the IPO. We got a lot of orders every day and it was a really amazing roadshow with the investors. At the end of the day, we wanted to make sure, because we really love these assets and this business that we maintained a strong ownership interest in it. And so, we kind of went to the max, because we were actually issuing more equity than we originally put on the table when we started the roadshow and upside to that amount. So, we did about the top end of what we said we were going to do.
Joseph A. Householder: Steve, this is Joe. Yeah. I would say generally that is correct. Because it measures deferred taxes and monetary assets and liabilities, it could swing around if we had cash positions or debt positions and the deferred taxes, of course, over time will move. So, I think, directionally, you have it right, it should be in the same direction.
Joseph A. Householder: ...of similar amount. It won't always be the same, because it will depend on what restricted stock and other stock is vesting. Many other utilities have also adopted it this year.
Debra L. Reed: Well, that mean, there's commercial issues that are in the final stages of resolution. And then, we will have a number of conditions precedent if we can reach conclusion of the commercial issues in order to be sure that we have done the kind of diligence we want on the assets. And so, I would not at all say that this is near a done deal, but we're working on it. There's still meetings going on. And so, we're hopeful but we're also cautious.
Debra L. Reed: That's a fair way to think about it. And then when you calculate the NPV with the delay or without the delay, it ends up being basically the same number, close to the same number. And so, that's exactly what happened. So, it increase earnings in future years as a result of a delay. And the same thing happens if there's an increase in project costs then the toll gets adjusted.
Debra L. Reed: Liquidated damages would apply depending on what the source of the delay is. And that's one of the things that is going to be a subject for discussion. As I said, we just got this notice last week. And the partners have not had the opportunity to sit down with CB&I and Chiyoda, and really understand what is the source of the delays, what can be done to mitigate some of those delays. None of those discussions have occurred since this notice came last week. Those will be occurring in the next several weeks. I will say many of us visited the site last week. Construction is progressing and that there's a lot of work that's been done on the site, but until we really sit down and understand what's driving some of the schedule changes, it's too early to speculate what the liquidated damages would be. But the contractor does have delay liquidated damages as part of their contract. And those go against capital cost for the project in reducing capital cost, so that's the way it works.
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to have Joe address that in terms of the change with the – I think you're talking about looking at the change now with the acquisition of the...
Debra L. Reed: No. We don't – I mean, we don't give project-by-project earnings. What we'll do is when we give you our updates on the February call for 2017, and then we give you our update at the Analyst Conference for 2018, we'll give you that information as part of our adjusted projection. So, we don't do them by projects. But they're the same. What I would say is, our renewable projects are all like high single-digit returns and that, this is about 400 megawatts in total of the adds that will come in over the next three years or so.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. Let me try to address – I think there were multiple questions in there, so let me try to address those. If you look at the delay notice, like I said, we just got it last week. We have not had the opportunity to sit down with the contractor and discuss, we'll be doing that within the next week or so. What I will say, though, is that the project is about 57% complete in total. And all the materials are on site for the construction. We were there last week. All of the cooling units were on Train 1. I mean, there's been a lot of construction progress and so it's not like early – not really early on, I would say, in the progress of the project. And it's the contractors' responsibility when they feel that there is a potential for a delay to give us those notifications and that's what they did just last week. As I said, all we know is that on their call, they said that there was rain at the site and at their fabrication facility that caused some flooding. We don't know what the actual cause of the delay is, until we get in and have a chance to have them explain to us what they're looking at, and then look at what the potential is to mitigate some of those. It's really hard for us to assess the likelihood of it getting better through those discussions, but we'll be making every effort to have that occur. I'm not sure if I answered all of your questions with that. I think there was one other thing that I might have missed, but...
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. And it does go through the toll to the customers. And that was the agreement that was established, that all of the LDs (28:08) would go against the capital cost which would also reduce the toll to the customer. So, to the extent there's a delay that's caused by the contractor, the customers benefit from that in a reduced toll, because it reduces capital cost, but to the extent that there's a delay and that that increases the toll. And that's the way we designed it. Everyone was full knowledge. I mean, part of the thing that's actually very good is that when we did our contract, we really tried to mitigate the risk for Sempra in terms of the long-term value of this project. And so, we set it up to where we were not the ones that bore the risk for these things. And that the NPV of the project remain the same and that the contractor has responsibility for delay. And the contractor has a lump sum turnkey contract. The only way that they can increase cost is by change orders. So, that was the design of the project, to really mitigate the risk long-term to our shareholders. And I think it's showing that it's pretty effective in doing that in the long-term, while it may affect some of the shorter term.
Debra L. Reed: All I can tell you on that is, those are all things we're looking at right now and looking what the alternatives are. And that, until we know if we have the project and we know what it would cost and we know what the cash flows are going to be on it, it's really difficult to give any speculation. I'm not going to speculate on that. When we update our numbers, you'll see some of that. And we will – if we get the project, then our numbers will be updated when we do the call on the Analyst Conference.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. And, no, we haven't given any numbers. We don't give numbers if we don't – until we know we have something, until we know how we're going to finance it, and that we have some confidence in the numbers. So...
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. We're still feeling good about our insurance ability to cover the claims. And when we looked at – we looked at our reserve on an ongoing basis, based upon new knowledge of cost. One of the key things that caused our estimate to go up is the work that's being done on the root cause analysis and the fact that the third parties that are doing work on that are expecting a delay. And with the expectation of a delay in getting the outcome there, we would expect the cost to be slightly higher. And so, we took that into account. And then the other thing is, we're going through now recovery with our insurance on all the relocation expense, and validating all of the claims, so we have full insurance recoverability. And that – and going through that, that has taken a lot more detail type of work to get the claims ready, and so we included some of the costs associated with that. Those were the two drivers for the change in cost. I will say, these costs will be updated over time though, as we get into litigation, as we get into – knowing what legal costs we're incurring and knowing what litigation claims, any settlements that have been reflected with parties on any of the potential claims, fines or penalties, or other claims. As an example on this reserve, we did reach a settlement with the LA County DA, District Attorney, on the criminal charges and reached a settlement on that. And so, once we could quantify that, then that goes into the reserve number that we give you. So, those are the kinds of things that would continue to flow through in updates of that reserve. We've also spent, though, time looking at our insurance. And looking at what the types of claims we have, the types of claims that have been filed and what the insurance coverage is and being able to refine that a bit. And so, we're able to give you kind of a better estimate of what the range of insurance we believe is available.
Debra L. Reed: Not directly, but I think indirectly in that, in order to go forward with Train 4, we need a few things. We need our partner consent. And as I said, we're working with one of the partners to try to get their consent. They've decided to not put equity in. And so, we're trying to look at how we would structure to move forward without them contributing equity, and have been having numerous ongoing discussions and communications with them about trying to resolve that. The other thing is, we need lenders' consent to move forward with Train 4. And the lenders are going to want to see that we've made reasonable progress on Trains 1 through 3, before giving that. So, that would be how I would see it having some impact, but it's not a direct impact.
Debra L. Reed: Actually, that was one of the things that we looked at very carefully when we looked at – the one we acquired is already in operation. So, the transmission is there. And the two projects that we bid on, the solar projects that we won, we looked very carefully at what the transmission was, and we were very selective on what we bid based upon that. But there's great opportunity in transmission in Mexico. They're expecting two bids to be out within the next – in 2017 that would each be about $1.2 billion for transmission upgrades to their system. And that's a great opportunity for IEnova to participate in those bids. I think you will see a lot more. As you've seen in other markets where renewables start getting integrated, I think you will see a lot more investment in electric transmission occurring in Mexico. But, in the near-term, they've already announced those two bids.
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to ask Joe to talk about that, because there was some – a lot of thought about where want it to be and where we want to position ourselves for now. But I'm going to ask Joe to address that.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. It can happen before the root cause analysis is done. Let me have Dennis kind of walk you through what the process is that DOGGR and the CPUC will use over the next month or so. As we did make our filing yesterday to put the field back in service and for DOGGR and CPUC to do the certification that's required. So, Dennis, do you want to kind of walk...
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean, I think that if you look at where construction is now, a lot of the major pieces of construction have been done. And some of the issues that were the most critical that have more time sensitivity dealt with all the foundational work, and that's all been done. So, I mean, I think when you see the progress, and some of you will see the progress when you visit the facility, you'll get a sense that the work is moving forward, it's up to the contractor to give us their best estimates of the timeframe, and it's probably not in their interest to give us something that they don't feel like they're going to be able to meet. And so, at this point in time, we feel all we had is their estimate and that we have to have some credibility. I think our view is that there are some things that might be done that could actually shorten some of the timeframes. But we don't know what the issues are that were driving the delays. And so, that's one of the things that we need to spend some time on. And so, I'd love to give you comfort, but until we get through some of those discussions with the contractor, I don't think it's a thing that I should be doing. I think we need to go through those discussions, have those discussions, understand the delay, look at the mitigation plans to the extent possible to try to reduce delays, and then come up with what we really all feel is the correct information. And we did not want to not tell you about this, because we got this notification. We all know it also puts us in a difficult position because we feel that we can work some of this, but we haven't had the time to do that yet. And we will, and by the time we talk to you again, we will have that information.
Debra L. Reed: Not just weather conditions, no. There are certain provisions of the contract that are very well-defined as what constitutes the force majeure. And just having rain and bad weather would not be a force majeure.
Debra L. Reed: We see some great opportunities for growth in renewables. And we're working on several projects where we've secured kind of the rights and the contracts and that are in early stages of development. We have the ability to expand the Mesquite side. We have the ability to expand the Broken Bow Wind side. And so, we think that with all of the RPS standards that are coming across the country that there are some good growth opportunities for renewables. I will say that the returns on renewables have gone down over time. And so, what we look at is, we really have good projects that have decent returns on them, because otherwise we can invest our capital. And so, we always look at the allocation of our capital to the projects to give us the highest returns. And since we're not – renewable is just one of the things we do. We're not going to just go after building megawatts. We're going to go after building megawatts that give us good return on our capital.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. I'm going to have – I can give a high level, but I'm going to have Joe or Mark address more details. We do have performance assurances with CB&I and Chiyoda; they have a joint and several guarantee from each of the parties and a letter of credit as a backstop. So, we have that. And I don't know if you guys want to add anything more to that. Okay.
Debra L. Reed: What they have to do is they have to lay out the detailed schedule of everything that they expect to happen like with the construction and the new detailed schedule. And we just go that, I think it was Friday of last week. And so, that's how they begin the discussion on this is that they lay out a new detailed schedule, and then the discussion comes around that new detailed schedule. So, as I said, we just got that Friday, I think it was of last week. And then, that will begin the discussions. So, I mean, that's kind of the process. They are the ones responsible for giving official notification. And that was the process that they followed.
Debra L. Reed: ...I can just tell you why they've indicated that they don't want to do it. It's a company that's changed their strategy, and is really focused on some downstream more now and more clean green energy. And so, they are looking not to invest major portions of their capital in LNG, and that's what they indicated to us. It was a strategy change.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, I don't want to give an – yeah, inference that you can add $34 million a year. That's not the way it works. So, why don't you discuss how it works.
Debra L. Reed: All we can say on that is that what they think, didn't give us any official notification and the information that they sent to us. So, when we listen to their earnings call, on the earnings call, they said that there was rain at the site and the site of their fabrication facility that's located near Baton Rouge that caused some flooding, and that they expected some delays in construction. That's what they said on their call. You can listen to their call and get the precise language. I'm just kind of reiterating what they've said. But we don't have any official notification. And we will be meeting with them soon. It's something where all the partners have to sit down with them together. So, it's not something that you can do instantly because this is a joint venture. And so, it will be our self and our three partners sitting down with CB&I and Chiyoda. And I think it's scheduled within the next week or two for that meeting to occur. To really go through, as I said, they give us this massive package that has a detailed schedule that they produced on the construction. And someone asked me, what gives you some assurances, well, part of the whole effort is to go through that detailed schedule that they gave us and to ensure that everything has been given consideration. And that's the process they need to go through.
Debra L. Reed: It is a huge multinational company that's not at all private CB&I other than through this joint venture. It's a Japanese-owned construction company. I don't know what their market cap is or but it's, yeah.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. Thanks again for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in the next few weeks. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team and have a really nice day.
Trevor I. Mihalik: Yeah. This is Trevor. That was as a result of an accounting standard update which was 2016-09 that we implemented and we early adopted this year. So, historically, what you've done is you've taken that tax benefit and it's gone straight to APIC or accumulated – or paid-in capital. Now, it's trying to simplify the accounting associated with that, and so you take that tax benefit and you push it through the P&L. So going forward, we'll treat it the same way.
Trevor I. Mihalik: Yeah. The way it works is – when the original grant is issued, that stock-based compensation is an expense. And you take that tax benefit. If it vests at a higher amount and the stock price increases, then there's more of a tax deduction in those future years. And so, historically, the stock price has been rising. And the grants have been vesting at the multiplier, meaning that there is a higher tax benefit in future years. That tax benefit has historically gone through adjusted trading (55:20) capital. And now, the accounting standard says, put it through the P&L. So, going forward, we anticipate, assuming that the stock price continues to rise, and that the multiplier effect is in place, like it has been in the past years, we would get a similar type benefit. If it doesn't, if the stock price were to go down and it still vests, it could actually have a decrement to earnings in the future, but that's just how it can go both ways.
Trevor I. Mihalik: Then there would be – then you would not have that tax benefit when those stocks vest because you take that tax benefit when you issue the grant over those periods.
Trevor I. Mihalik: No. No. This is – keep in mind this is a very, very large project. There's really not that much bonding capacity in the market.
Trevor I. Mihalik: These are very large credit-worthy companies, and so it would be unusual to have that kind of a bonding capacity and a project that size.
Trevor I. Mihalik: And I don't – but I also think too there's no indication that they're not performing. But they have an obligation under the contract to tell us if they think there's going to be a delay. They've notified us of that, and we'll work through it to see if we can mitigate it. But they're not saying that they can't finish the job.
