Jeff Martin: Well, I appreciate the question Shahriar. And I think, I would just start by saying that we feel great about the year we're having in 2021. And I think, I want to emphasize the fact when you think about what the market backdrop is, I think it's one of the toughest situations that any of us have gone through in terms of the COVID, and the impact to our economy. But as you think about 2021, you raised a great point, which is it will be a very clean year for us. It will be the first year you will not see contributions from any of our divested businesses. You recall that, we've divested roughly $30 billion in enterprise value of assets over the last two and half years. And I think the whole goal was to make sure that we improved our performance going forward. So as you look to 2021, I think you should continue to expect that the lead driver for our company will be our utilities, right? So you've got upwards of a $30 billion, five-year capital program dedicated to our regulated investments. You've got a blended ROE across that platform of about 10.1, which is differential in today's marketplace. And to a point that you alluded to next year will be the first year that you'll see full annual run rate earnings from Cameron, which we talked about being in that $400 million to $450 million range. But I do want to mention that, the goal of this whole capital recycling program Shahriar over the last two years was to put this management team in a position where we had a clear field of vision to do one thing, which was improve our financial performance. Now, I was thinking about it coming into this call but if you think back Shahriar to 2019, we began the year with a guidance range of $5.70 to $6.30. And then last year on the Q3 call, we raised the entire guidance range to $6.50 of EPS, and then we delivered the year with an actual earnings number adjusted of $6.78. And that really set us up quite well for 2020. We began this year with $6.70 to $7.50 guided to the high end of that range you may recall on the Q1 call. And then in June, just over a month later we raised the entire range to $7.20 to $7.80. And I think, I call this out on our last earnings call, which you may remember back when we used to provide five-year guidance. I went back and looked at 2016. In five years in advance, we had forecasted an adjusted EPS range of $7.20 to $7.80. So being able to deliver that performance in 2019 and 2020 and now be in a position to your point to guide to the high end of the range, we're going to exceed a 12% earnings CAGR over the last five years. So this idea that, we're going to be nimble we're going to keen to compete our capital and adjust our portfolio to deliver returns, I think has set us up really well for 2021. So I would just conclude on this point. We're optimistic about the returns we can produce next year.
Jeff Martin: Yes, there's a couple of questions embedded there. But I'll start from the top and say that for the ECA project to go forward it is 100% disconnected from another project going forward. So, I think the most important development has caused us to have improved confidence is that we completed the successful consultation down in Baja over the last three weeks. We may have seen that we received a positive vote with strong local support around the 60% level. And what's most important is that sends a strong message to the central government where we've developed some great relationships. So, I think I have been wrong on this before I must confess. We originally thought that how we get this permit with the team in Q4 of last year. But I think what has been the big difference now has been the relationships we've developed and the consultation that occurred down in Baja. The goal here is to get the SENER permit which we're forecasting to get this month that's the authorization to export hydrocarbons off the coast of Mexico. And we also think it's reasonable Shahriar that we will have a final investment decision with the permit this quarter. Transitioning to the larger picture down in Mexico. I think you've heard us talk about this in the past where we're constructive I think over a longer term horizon. I think the short term we definitely envision some headwinds. There have been some dislocations in the market based upon some of the policies and protections around state-owned enterprises. And that's why you saw the IEnova team earlier this year adjust their plans. And namely they backed off on just over $200 million of capital for 2020 and that was designed to free up cash to support an opportunistic share repurchase program. They have bought back to date I believe roughly 77 million shares which has increased Sempra's ownership in that public company to the 70% level. And I think when you trace that through they put about $230 million to work in their share repurchase program. And their approach very similar to ours at Sempra is to be opportunistic when they think the market supports that. And then I think the final update I would say is I recently cut their dividend. So, they're doing all the things you expect them to do to preserve the value of the business and be opportunistic about positioning the business for more value. And the dividend cut is really designed to bolster liquidity and short the balance sheet. So, I would just say big picture the focus of Sempra LNG and the focus of the IEnova is really about getting the ECA project launch which is a very, very big project. It will be the largest construction project in the history of Baja California I think we're very well positioned to execute it.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I would say one of the things that's embedded in your question Shahriar is you should assume that we're doing that all the time. I think sometimes outside perception is that a Board of Directors or a management team will have a strategy session once a year. That's not the way it works with Sempra. And I think as a credit to our Board and our management team, you can't find another company in our space that's had the transactional activity we've had in the last 24 months. So, you think about transaction on enterprise value roughly $30 billion of transactions in two years. It's a pretty sweeping change to our portfolio. And you couple that with the earnings performance that we've demonstrated over the last two years we have something special going on the company in terms of a unique growth and income story. And I'm not here to tell you that the market gets it right every day. But I do believe in efficient markets over time we certainly think our stock is undervalued. And that's why you saw it be proactive this summer in terms of executing the share repurchase program. But I will tell you this we're not wedded to any single asset. So, if there's opportunities or dislocations in the marketplace you should expect us to look for them. And let me highlight one example for you that I referenced in my prepared remarks, when you think about the LNG space as a vertical category we have a pretty confident view that we've got a leading franchise in North America. It's well-capitalized. I think there's a series of built-in competitive advantages that allows us to access both the Asian market in a unique way as well as being able to dispatch directly into the Atlantic. And if you look Shahriar at the runway of growth in front of our LNG business, it's differential from any other company in North America. So in my prepared remarks, one of the things I highlighted is that, we're actively looking at ways that we can create more value of the portfolio and really compete, different sources of capital, so that we can fund growth. Our goal obviously is to source the lowest cost of capital to fund that growth, but I want to be very clear, where also Shahriar looking for ways to highlight value for our shareholders. And strengthen our balance sheet. So as I thought about, this call today, we went back and looked at some of the transaction values in the marketplace. And a lot of the research work around our business, we'll show people in the sum of the parts analysis looking at our LNG business at nine or 10 times EBITDA. But you look at some of the transactions and some of them are quite recent whether it's co-point Sempra Energy Partners is a variety of transactions where there's value being highlighted in the marketplace. And you're seeing those, chart go off at 12 times to 14 times. So, there's certainly a dislocation between the, value being attributed to our portfolio. And that's why I would say, that the bottom-line is, we think there's a lot of franchise value, in our LNG business. You saw that show up, in how we transacted around wind and solar. You saw that franchise value in the transaction multiples in Peru, in Chile which went off at 16 times and 17 times. So one of the things I can commit to you is, we're going to be active. And we're going to be active about driving value for our shareholders. I certainly agree with you that, we haven't seen that show up in our stock price. But we will not be standing still.
Jeff Martin: Right. Well let me start Steve by saying, we appreciate having the opportunity to participate in the conference over the last couple of weeks. I know I didn't participate on the day that the conference actually went off. It's always a conference, we look forward to. So, as we think about, the options we're looking at. And you can go back and review my prepared remarks we're active in both regards. We're looking at both, financing options and financing structures at the project level and at the portfolio level. And to be very specific, we're also looking at both, infrastructure and strategic capital.
Jeff Martin: I think you can go back. And look at our track record. As we look at, things that we divest and things that we invest in, we always do it through the lens of accretion. I think the three comments I've made, I think twice now on this call, is we're looking to source lowest cost of capital to fund growth. We're looking to highlight value. And certainly we feel quite constructive about looking at things which are only accretive. But I also think that in doing so, this is not just an academic exercise. I think that our partners particularly in the, LNG space really think that one of the things that's unique about our LNG story is the strength of financial commitment behind that business. And particularly in this marketplace, I think it has really allowed us to have a more competitive position, particularly relative to our peers here in North America. So, I would just say it's about funding growth efficiently. It's about highlighting value and accretion. And it's about supporting our balance sheet.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think if you go back to the early part of the year, we announced what was our largest ever five-year capital program of just over $30 billion to $32 billion of capital over five years. And that's completely geared towards supporting the growth in our regulated business. As you heard Allen talk about, or at least we talked about with Allen in our script. The growth we're seeing at Oncor and he's always got another $750 million of capital outside of that plan that they've circled in their tracking, which could also increase. So our job is to continue to find ways to produce what we think is the differential growth and income story. We're going to support our dividend. We're going to manage our balance sheet and we're going to fund the growth that's right in front of us. If there's times where we see a dislocation in the marketplace Julien like you and I have talked about before, we will always look for opportunities to be opportunistic around the share repurchase program. I think you've seen IEnova take that approach. Obviously you saw us do that earlier this summer. Having that dry powder with the $2 billion approval by our Board is very helpful. It's something we constantly look at and it's available to us. And it's going to be driven by where we think that we can produce the most value. So you saw a decline in our stock price, in the mid part of the summer and we were active there. But we're also going to meet the growth needs. So it's a balancing issue. It's something we look at a lot Julien. We don't take a firm view and now a “$2 billion program”. That authorization is there to let us do what we've done in the past, which is approach it opportunistically to create value.
Jeff Martin: Yes. So, obviously, we own right over 80% of Oncor. This is an investment that we think very highly of. So when you think about our commitment to invest in T&D assets or assets that have T&D level risk. One of the things that Allen outlined in our analyst conference was some incremental capital opportunities between right around $770 million to $1.17 billion of incremental capital. We think that a lot of that opportunity is still there that's outside of this $12.2 million. But I would just comment that we have a strong view about our ownership position in Oncor. We certainly do not see any need to bring in outside third-party capital to support that. In fact we'd love to own more of that business. But let me stop and bring Allen in and Allen perhaps you can talk about the current market environment and growth you're seeing on your system, which I think called as all of us to have more confidence about being able to better serve Texas customers.
Jeff Martin: The only other thing I would add Stephen too is that, if you look at natural gas penetration rates, I think you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere in the country, where you have a 90% penetration rate like you see in Southern California with one of the largest population centers in the country. So look, we're going to be thoughtful. We're going to partner with the governor. We've made a commitment to do that. I think there's a growing recognition that there's a transition here. And natural gas is part of the answer to help us get higher renewable penetration rates. And I think Kevin made that point, there's an efficient frontier and California is setting the record in the world for renewable penetration on electric system.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question. I think that you have a lot of people that take a lot of pride in California about being a leader around the clean energy transition. This is something that the state cares a lot about all the utilities up and down the state are committed to supporting it. But when you think back about how challenged our system was you build the system in all your integrated resource plan in around a one in 10-year event. People are concluding that maybe it was a one in 30 event or one in 35 event. There's a couple of things that were uncovered, which I think they're really taking to heart in California. The first of which is, the imports in the state routinely run between 20% and 30%. So what happened during this southwest weather event was, a lot of the generation in Nevada and Arizona that we would otherwise rely on, which is all-natural gas and coal particularly at certain times during the day, was not available because it was being used in those states for cooling and air conditioning. Secondly, when you look at our state, you may have been late in the afternoon where you're getting a lot of solar contributions, but there wasn't sufficient ability to basically load follow. So, you've got really two issues here. One is California's energy and secure. We rely too much on imports and we need to build more generation in the state so that we're not reliant and dependent on other states. And number two, when you have a one in 30 event like that it causes you to go back and look at how you do your integrated resource planning to support your reserve margin. So typically this data has looked at between a 15% and 17% required reserve margin by utility as you procure your resources. And that has an implied value of signs of solar with resource adequacy and implied value to win. All those assessments have to be revisited to make sure that we have a larger more reliable reserve margin. So, I think the outcome from this will be the existing natural gas plants will be repowered. The state needs more peaking natural gas generation. You will see more electric storage put on in the state, and you need to see a lot more capacity built in the state of California. So there will be a process that takes place between the three energy agencies, the California Energy Commission, the California independent system operator in the CPUC, it's about being less reliant on third-party states. It's about revisiting our one in 10-year analysis and making sure that we revisit the capacity value that we allocate to planning around solar and wind.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. Let me make a couple of comments. And Allen, you can feel in behind me. But I just want to recharacterize, when people think about West Texas, they think about the Permian and the Delaware Basin, it's really important to understand that what producers are trying to do right now is lower their marginal cost of production. And there is a huge benefit to be able to attach to the grid instead of self generating. So a lot of what the capital that's being deployed by Allen right now in West Texas is largely been approved and locked in for the next two years. And there's still a lot of demand for more infrastructure in that region because it's viewed as making their production more competitive. And then secondly, we usually circle something around 70,000 new meter additions a year. Allen can update on that. But I just think going through this pandemic and going through the disruption we've seen, Texas today has roughly an 8% unemployment rate against something here in California, which is closer to 12%. We think that Texas will be a big part of our nation's economic recovery and we think Oncor is as well positioned as any company to benefit from what we're forecasting in Texas. But perhaps Allen, you could provide some color behind my comments.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for the question. I'll go back and talk about our original thesis where we're trying to build a portfolio. It's really focused on T&D investments or investments at T&D-like risk. When you bring that into California, we certainly have received a differential approach by the insurance companies in terms of how they think about our risk relative to our peers. I'll pass it over to Trevor to provide a little bit more color about our insurance program.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Well, first off let me say thank you Michael for joining our call. And we've got Justin on the line with us. And what I'd like to do Justin, if you don't mind perhaps tackle the macro side first and then come back and maybe provide a project-by-project update on the progress we're seeing around our contracting of capacity
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. We do have a leadership position in the San Diego region with respect to electric vehicles. I think we've got roughly 60,000 on our system today which scores very high on a per capita basis. And I got to tell you, I recently published an article in the World Economic Forum about the importance of clean transportation. And I was quite auditory about Governor Newsom's leadership position here. So this -- I said this earlier in my comments, this is a state that's justifiably prideful about their leadership position around all issues of clean energy. And when you think about -- I think statewide, it's roughly 40% of the greenhouse stack is associated with transportation, here in the San Diego region, it's just over 50%. So a lot of times people who talk a lot about the clean energy transition we'll focus on things which are relatively small and don't move the needle. This is probably the most complicated issue globally, if we're going to be successful about combating climate change. And I really think the state is real committed to progress here. And the final comment before I pass to Kevin is, people don't fully understand the circuit-by-circuit changes you have to make is utility, what we refer to as make ready work. You start adding two or three electric vehicles to a street. You've got to upgrade the electrical system.  So there will be a tremendous amount of distribution infrastructure that will be required to accommodate the type of penetration we're expecting to see with electric vehicles. And Kevin perhaps you could talk about some of the things at SDG&E during this area.
Jeff Martin: I would also add Ryan that Trevor and I are also Board members in Oncor and Allen puts on a really thoughtful strategy session every fall. And Trevor and I just in the last couple of weeks joined Allen and one of the things we talked about really is the opportunity for clean transportation in Texas. What's unique in a lot of Allen service territory is the commute time in Texas is shorter than it is in many communities in California. So certainly we think Texas is not going to move at the same pace as California. But going back to his footprint in the state of Texas, this is another long-term upside for that franchise.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you though. For many of us who have been around the industry for a long period of time. We've traditionally seen LDCs trade at a premium to electric utilities largely because natural gas could be stored. It was viewed by many as being more lightly regulated whereas electricity largely SBUs instantaneously intensely more politicized. I would tell you I think that in my personal view I think it's temporary. And here's my base case for that. I was moving into takeover and run SDG&E in the fall of 2013, I think I stepped in in January of 2014. And many of you will recall one of the common themes in our industry was the death spiral of utilities, particularly electric utilities and how embattled they were going forward. And I think what people couldn't see at that time was that they were taking steps particularly on the power generation side to change the feedstock for power generation. As you decarbonize that commodity, it became a real weapon to actually electrify the United States and compete on the transportation side, which was similar to Ryan's question just a few minutes ago. So an entire new landscape opened up in front of those electricity businesses. And now we all talk about electrification like it's a secular trend and it is. I personally think it is one of the most dominant trends in our industry is electrification, but if you go back six or seven years, there were a lot of dark clouds on the horizon to the electric business. And I will tell you I think the European sentiment is further ahead of the United States in this area. There is a growing recognition outside the United States that a central player in leading energy transition will be our LDCs. That's because they've got this prior investment, which is quite significant and they've got a leadership position if you go country-by-country and continent-by-continent most of the hydrogen work is being led by LDCs. And that's one of the reasons that I've been participating in the World Economic Forum is to help us track some of the new developments in this area. We think that SoCalGas, which is the largest LDC in the Western Hemisphere will be the natural leader here in the United States and Scott, Jerry and his team I believe have 10 to 12 projects pending currently. And we've talked about this just in the last couple of weeks Anthony, we're going to make an entire breakout category in our March analyst conference around the clean energy transition and innovation and technology across each of our portfolio companies. So I actually think that LDCs will be valued differently in the future at a more premium value.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think, it's – I'll start by saying, I appreciate the positive comments about the earnings power of the company. I spent a little bit of time earlier in my remarks talking about, how we've seen steady improvement in the core earnings power of the company both in 2019 and in 2020. It's not just earnings growth. To your point Anthony, it's also improved earnings quality and earnings visibility. So I think over time that will get valued into the stock. And I think going to your larger point about our unregulated businesses, you should expect that Sempra over time, will become increasingly have higher content in its regulated businesses. So we think that, our utilities will become a larger part of our earnings stack, as you go forward in time. And that's kind of a signal about, how we expect to manage both Mexico and the LNG business. And I think part of what we need to do, there is, we just need to execute cleanly in Mexico and execute cleanly in LNG. I spent some time earlier on today's call, talking about some active steps we're taking to make sure that we can demonstrate that value to the market. We're quite optimistic actually.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. There's been a lot of obviously good research publications around this. We talked about it a little bit more effusively on our Q2 call. But because we're in the quiet period Jonathan, I have to apologize. I think it's really important for us to respect the process that this city has underway. I would just say that, Caroline Winn and the team are really excited to work collegially with the city, and I made this point in my prepared remarks, I think we have an identity of interest here, right? We're both looking to serve the benefit of the same people and I remain optimistic.
Jeff Martin: I would just say that, there was an invitation to bid process that process came to a conclusion in October. We made a filing, which we thought was competitive at the time that the bids were due. They have not announced whether there is one bid or more bids. They had not announced when they plan to specifically open the bids and what the definitive process will be. But I think it's reasonable to expect that the process will be finished this quarter and we feel quite good about the bids that we've submitted.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. I'm actually smiling, because I did actually say that. And I was optimistic then and I'm optimistic now, and I think we tend to take a relatively conservative approach to planning. What I will say is this is, if I was an outsider looking at the company, your first question is, is there something that you're not aware of that makes 2021 not look good or not. I would say, this is, we had a great year in 2019 and we have improved portfolio with improved earnings power. We're having a heck of a year in 2020. And it's in a really difficult environment, right? I mean, our employees have really been challenged to both work at home and we've got a ton of people in the field working. So I think we're set up extremely well for 2021. I made a comment earlier. I think you should expect to see the power of our earnings growth continue to be from our three leading utilities. And next year, we're really excited to see full run rate earnings from Cameron. So there's no real back story here other than us going through the planning process and we will have an updated view on 2021. I'll be excited to come back to you.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I'm glad you asked the question, Paul. I would say, I view it a little bit as the red here and white. RNG was forming a partner with us in the Cameron facility. Obviously, Total is our partner now. We have MOUs for the full capacity of Cameron expansion. RNG is in a little bit different position relative to Total, but I don't see any read-through from RNG to any impact on our LNG program. 
Jeff Martin: Yes. The way I would think about it is you'll recall that we had a catastrophic equipment failure back in 2015. And out of that there arose really what I think about as three buckets of risk and exposure that we've been actively managing. The first of which was from a group or coalition of government plaintiffs which we resolved in 2019. Justin Bird, who's now in our LNG business was our lead executive to help us resolve that. And now Paul, there are two remaining buckets that were managed in the first which is the civil litigation process. We're engaged in those activities. You saw that last quarter, we recorded a charge related to the civil litigation and our settlement discussions there. What you're looking at in this quarter is the ongoing process we have at the commission on what we might lose to SoCal, the penalty phase and that just shows the nature of our current discussions around trying to settle that process with the commission currently. 
Jeff Martin: No. Any time you talk about litigation, we're going to be reticent to provide a lot of forecast about the timing of it. I would just say that we have good positions in both matters. We're working collegially with the folks that we should be working with and that's reflected in both our Q2 results and our Q3 results.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Really appreciate it. So as I come to the end of today's call, I wanted to thank everyone for joining us. I know that there's like a dozen other companies that are reporting this morning. I hope everyone continues to be safe and healthy. And feel free as usual to reach out to anyone on our IR team if you have additional questions and this concludes today's call. Thank you.
Allen Nye: You bet, Jeff. And thanks for the question Julien. First the incremental capital point just to reiterate, we're doing two things today. One, we've increased the five-year plan by $300 million. And then we're also adding another year right at the back end of the plan for 2025 another strong year at $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion. So we do feel good about growth and where the state is going where our company is going. As Jeff said the $12.2 million is separate and part of the incremental capital that we talked about before. So if you look back at my last analyst presentation as Jeff said, I think we had a slide around 775 to 1.275 in incremental capital opportunities above and beyond that. That is still available. That is not diminished by this increase today. And if we see -- we try to be conservative in our planning. But if we see growth, really strong growth continuing at levels that exceed what we're anticipating now if we get oil and gas returning to pre-COVID or beyond levels, or if we continue to see really strong growth in renewables I'll talk about in a second. Then we may be back with more at some point. But we feel very good about the $12.2 million over $5 million based on what we're seeing on our system now and our conservative planning approach. With regards to the growth that Jeff mentioned, when we talk about growth on our system there's several criteria we look at. One is obviously serve new. It's basically the number of new premises or a number of new meters on our system. Notwithstanding, all the challenges of 2020, we did around 64,000 and we added about 64,000 last year in 2019. We added 21,000 in the third quarter of this year and we're on track to be right on top of our 2019 number. So, notwithstanding economic downturn COVID and all the fun of 2020, we feel good about our new service coming in basically where it was last year. On the transmission side, we generally have two buckets, retail points of interconnection and generation points of interconnection. Retail is slightly down. However, generation interconnection requests are significantly up and far exceed the decrease on the retail side to the point, where we're anticipating, we'll have probably our highest level ever of total transmission POI requests that we have active at any given time. We have I think, about 275 in the queue right now. So, growth remains strong. We're still clicking along at about a 2% premise growth. Transmission POIs look good. And obviously, based on the move we made today on CapEx, we feel good about growth moving forward.
Allen Nye: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff. And Jeremy the direct answer to your question as to what's in our kind of plan with regards to customer growth is for the last few years, we've seen 2% premise growth, which is around that number of premises that Jeff spoke about a minute ago. And that's what we have currently in this 12.2 five-year plan we're assuming 2% -- continued 2% premise growth. So when you think about things that could lead to increased investment. If we were to get things -- like I said before, if we could get residential or rather premise growth in excess of what's been planned or another example, which I gave earlier was, things returning to normal or better than normal in the oil field. That's a couple of examples. Obviously, a quicker or more aggressive implementation of renewable power. Texas already leads the nation in renewable power, but there is currently more than 100,000 megawatts of renewable, be it solar, wind or storage, in the queue at ERCOT to the extent that that manifested a little higher than a historical average of 30% or 40%. Those things would all be drivers that could ultimately end up increasing our CapEx. When you look at West Texas particularly, we're actually seeing some pretty good signs in West Texas, a couple that -- frankly were counterintuitive to me, just based on the fact that I know a lot of our customers out there have been significantly impacted. But if you look at ERCOT data, month-over-month demand in the Far West Texas region is actually up every month in 2020 versus the corresponding month in 2019. So demand in the Far West Texas region for every month in 2020 is in excess of 2019 month-over-month. So that's one. Two, Delaware Basin, we serve the portion of the Delaware Basin that we do on what's called the Culberson Loop, which is a transmission loop system that we have out there. The 2019 peak on that system was 550 megawatts. On September 25 of this year, we saw a peak of 678 megawatts. So while we're undoubtedly seeing impact to our customers in the West Texas region, we're seeing some really positive trends with regards to consumption. So there’s hopefully light at the end of the tunnel there. But if West Texas -- if oil and gas activity returns to pre-COVID levels or there above, or if we see some of these other positives from generation or customer growth, those are generally the kinds of things. There are certainly more -- those are the kinds of things that would drive increased capital allocation.
Allen Nye: Yes, I'd be glad to Jeff. So just to refresh you all, 1938 which was passed out the legislature last year and signed into law effectively put into PURA, the current construct in ERCOT, which allocates transmission projects based on ownership of endpoint, substations more or less. And so, when you think about generation development, when you think about transmission point of interconnections, when you think about adjusting the grid as we shift to more renewables and the impacts you have when you reallocate the flows around the system, to the extent those require transmission upgrades or additional greenfield transmission projects, those projects would be allocated to the owner of the endpoints based on the 1938 now allocate -- are now rather codified into PURA law. We own more than 1,100, probably closer to 1,200 of those endpoints substations. So we believe we're fairly uniquely situated to capture a significant part of that growth. Thanks, Jeff
Allen Nye: Sorry Jeff. You're 100% correct. We are required by PUC rule to file our next rate case by October 1 of next year. And so we're currently planning on that, working on that. You're also 100% correct, very unusual test year to say the least. Now we will -- we have the opportunity to make no measurable changes and normalize some of our test year data. But it's unquestionably going to be an unusual test year. I think there are four rate cases presently scheduled for the PDC to hear next year. Ours is, obviously the biggest. I have not had any discussions or received any feedback so far from the Commission as to whether they would like to delay. Certainly to the extent the state would like us to delay. It's something we always work very well with the state and the intervenors and we would consider that. It's just not a topic that we've addressed yet. With regard to what we'll be asking for, we're putting that together right now. We haven't been in a few years. So we'll just have to wait and see. I can't really predict what we'll be asking for. We're obviously cognizant of what other utilities and their experiences recently at the commission. I would just simply say, their rate cases are obviously very specific, specific to the time you file, who the utility is and what the facts and circumstances are. And I think our history has shown we have good relationships. We've been a good player, a good supporter of ERCOT market. We've done everything the commission has asked us to do. So we feel like we're in a good position going into next year. To the extent we have to file, we're anticipating that we will unless we hold otherwise. And we're anticipating that we'll do what we've always done and we'll work with stakeholders and we'll try to come up with something amicable and reasonable for the customers and for us. But that's kind of where we stand on the rate case. That answers your question.
