Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Steve. And again, thank you, all, for joining us. On today's call, I'd like to accomplish several things. First, start with the review of our fourth quarter and year-end financial results, and then talk about our dividend increase and how this aligns with our increasingly predictable earnings. And then finally, I'll give you an operational update on our Utilities and our Infrastructure businesses.  To the financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $280 million or $1.15 per share compared with $288 million or $1.16 per share in the same period last year. If you exclude the results of commodities, who's assets have now been sold, earnings per share for the fourth quarter rose 34% or $1.18 per share from $0.88 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. And for the full year of 2010, we recorded earnings of $739 million or $2.98 per share compared with 2009 earnings of $1.12 billion or $4.52 per share. When you exclude the results of Sempra Commodities from both years, earnings per share for the full year rose 14% to $3.61 per share in 2010 from $3.16 per share in 2009.  Our core businesses performed well in 2010, and our earnings from those businesses exceeded our guidance for the year. With regard to the dividend, I'd like to mention that Tuesday morning, after our board meeting had approved such, we announced a 23% increase on our quarterly dividend, which brings the annualized dividend to $1.92 per share.  Exiting the Commodities Trading business marks a new chapter for Sempra. We have narrowed our strategic focus, reducing both our risk profile and earnings volatility, while leveraging our core streams. This has allowed us to significantly increase our dividend, and be able to grow the dividend while still reinvesting capital for future growth. Now let me hand it over to Mark, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Donald Felsinger: Let me have Neal take you through what we have spent today and what we've spent last year, and what's remaining.
Donald Felsinger: Well, I think there's two things that are looming out there. One is that at SDG&E, we are still struggling to get developers to build renewable projects to meet what I think is going to be a 33% renewable target, and so we may have to have the utility step in and do some investments in that area. And I just think with the events in California around the San Bruno explosion and some of the other pipeline incidents that have happened recently in the U.S., that there's going to be a push to do more pipeline integrity and upgrades in California. So I would expect those two to kind of be the major things that we would have for the utilities beyond the current financial period, the five-year period.
Donald Felsinger: Well, we have found that we are good at signing contracts with developers, but developers aren't very good at being able to raise the money and make it happen. And so I think we see ourselves as the builder of last resort. And if California stays on this path to get to 33%, we very much will have to step in. And when you look at the other utilities, now, don't forget about the fact that we have the utilities in South America, and we are building a small hydro project in Peru, but I would expect that we will look at opportunities in South America to deploy capital in those utilities also.
Donald Felsinger: Let me go first, and I'll just take the strategy. When you think about the amount of money that we have invested internationally, we've got about $2.5 billion invested in Mexico. And with this acquisition, we'll have about $1.5 billion invested in South America. That's about 20% of Sempra's total overall investments. We like the spaces that we're in. As I mentioned, in South America, we've been there 12 years in Chile and Peru, we really like the regulatory schemes that are in place. And the opportunities to invest there are things that we feel pretty comfortable in. So we will get bigger there, but from the standpoint of is that our primary focus? It's not. You look at our capital program, it's still -- the majority is invested here in the U.S. and California. From the standpoint of how we manage those currencies, let me have Mark take that question.
Donald Felsinger: I'd just follow-up on what Neal was saying. From the time that we started investing in both wind and solar panels, we have seen the price come down each year and probably come down even more as we've seen the world economy soften. I think there's a certain amount of frustration that are not coming down to staffs is maybe some of the consumer advocates would like to see them come down. But we are seeing reductions, and I think we will continue to see reductions, as we continue to implement more and more wind and solar here in the U.S. Not much else I can add to that, except this is really a long-term strategy for the states that are doing it. And I think California is sticking to the course that we are going to move to have a substantial amount of our energy supply come from renewables, and that's the plan we're on.
Donald Felsinger: We're going to cover off a lot this when we meet in March in New York. But let me have Mark kind of give you a highlight on some of those issues you raised.
Donald Felsinger: Well, it's actually four if you take -- there's four in North America that gone to the FERC and asked for -- seeking approval to build liquefaction facilities. We have not made that leap yet. We're looking at it. What we have done at our U.S. facility, we've asked the FERC to give us the ability export, so we could take existing LNG out of the tank, as necessary and move it out of the country, and we recently did some export of LNG out of our Mexican facility. Liquefaction facilities are very expensive endeavors. And so you'd have to believe long term that U.S. natural gas prices are going to be depressed to the point as compared to the world market, that this would make sense. And we would only do this if, in fact, we get people to sign a long-term contracts to bring their gas to our facilities to be liquefied. We have found no such entity yet. So when we do, we will seriously consider it, but that market's not there yet.
Donald Felsinger: Well, I mean, we like the stage that we're in, in natural gas infrastructure. And we think that the trends that are currently here and will continue to be even stronger. To use natural gas as the fuel for industry and the fuel for generation all make sense. And so the investments that we continue to focus on are in that space, both Pipelines & Storage, other midstream and look for opportunities. Also in Mexico, as you're aware, we did a joint venture with PEMEX [Petroleos Mexicanos] last year to be in the natural gas infrastructure space with them as a partner. But that's the general area. And I think if you're going to be with us, Mark, when we meet in New York next month, we're going to have each of the businesses go through and talk about the opportunities they see in the space.
Donald Felsinger: I mean, it's just that this is standard operating process we go through. We make these filings. I think what will be key is there are several, I guess, at least, PG&E is ahead of us in the process. And so the discussion and the outcome around their rates case will be somewhat instructed, but there's really nothing unusual about this application. And at this stage of the process, it's all normal.
Donald Felsinger: Michael, we had asked at one time to help the commission with their workload to delay our rate case, and that never got accepted. So we're back just at the part of the normal cycle. So there's been nothing unusual done around the timing of the rate cases for SoCalGas or SDG&E.
Donald Felsinger: We will. Yes, because it was being done at the same time, we had thought from discussions we have had with some of the staff that it would be a relief for them if we were to delay ours, and so we put a proposal together to delay ours, so that they could have more time to work on Edison's and work on ours. I think they fixed their workload issue, and so we're both doing these now in parallel.
Donald Felsinger: No. A lot of this stuff is background noise that tends to be played out as a bigger issue in the media. But the fundamental thing that's going on in Mexico is that there are several individuals that are trying to extort money from us over a disputed piece of land. And to that end, they have tried to use all means available to impact our permits and ability to operate our LNG facility. Every time they have tried this, both the federal government and the state government have stepped in and slapped them down, and that's going to continue. So this will eventually work its way through the system, but it's -- the federal government has been very clear and explicit that this terminal is under their jurisdiction. It's strategic to Mexico. It provides Mexican customers, and are not going to let local entities or individuals that are trying to use the various systems in Mexico to extort money from us and impact the operation of this plant. So this will die a natural death at some point in time.
Donald Felsinger: Well, we always look at that, but we look at it based on long-term trends. And so when we look at what is our job here to create shareholder value with the assets we own, it's whether it makes sense to keep them in the same family or put them in the different families. Right now, we're paying attention to it, but the structure we have, we think make sense.
Donald Felsinger: To the extent that we can work up and give you actual cash flow numbers, we will do that, and if not, we'll definitely do it when we get together in New York for the analyst conference.
Donald Felsinger: Well, once again, thanks to all of you for taking time to join us today for our fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. And as always, if you have any follow-up questions, you can get a hold of Steve Steve, Scott and Victor. We'll see you all in New York next month. Have a great day. Thanks again.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the fourth quarter were $105 million. That's up from $67 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to $16 million higher margin, a $16 million benefit from the partial recovery of increased wildfire insurance premiums and a $9 million from the favorable resolution of prior year's tax matters. Full year 2010 earnings increased to $369 million from $344 million last year. The increase of $25 million was due primarily to higher margins, partially offset by higher litigation reserves.  Now moving to Southern California Gas. Fourth quarter 2010 earnings were $74 million compared to $75 million in the fourth quarter of '09. For the full year 2010, earnings for this business were $286 million, up from $273 million in 2009. The increase was primarily due to improved operating margins. Now let's go to Slide 5. Our Generation business recorded earnings of $43 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with earnings of $45 million in the same quarter 2009. The fourth quarter of 2010 included lower earnings from operations, and a $6 million loss on the sale of our 50% interest in the Elk Hills Power Plant, offset by higher renewable energy tax credits, primarily from the Copper Mountain Solar project. For the full year 2010, Generation recorded earnings of $103 million compared with earnings of $169 million in 2009. Results for 2010 reflect an $87 million charge related to the settlement of energy crisis litigations, $31 million of lower earnings from operations, primarily due to increased scheduled maintenance in 2010, offset by $48 million higher renewable energy credits, primarily from the Copper Mountain Solar project.  Now let's move to Slide 6. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $39 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with earnings of $37 million in the same quarter of 2009. The current quarter included $6 million of higher earnings from operations, offset by a $5 million write-down of our investment in Argentina, which was net of related tax benefits. For the full year 2010, Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $159 million compared with earnings of $101 million in 2009. The increase was primarily due to a $64 million write-off of our Liberty Gas Storage assets in 2009 and a $13 million favorable resolution of prior year tax matters, also in 2009. Now please turn to Slide 7. Sempra LNG had earnings of $18 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. That compares with earnings of $35 million in the prior year's period. Earnings in the fourth quarter of 2009 were higher due to payments from customers for contracted cargoes that were not delivered. For the full year of 2010, Sempra LNG had earnings of $68 million. That's up from earnings of $16 million in 2009. The increase was due primarily to a full year of operation in 2010. You will recall that our Cameron LNG facility became operational, and our supply contract with the 10 new [ph] partners for the Energía Costa Azul LNG facility became effective in the second half of 2009.  Now let's move to the next slide. As Don stated, our board authorized a 23% increase in the dividend. This takes the dividend to $1.92 per share on an annualized basis, up from our current annualized dividend of $1.56 per share. Going forward, we plan to target a 45% to 50% payout ratio.  Now for an update on our share repurchases. The $500 million accelerated share repurchase program that began in 2010 will conclude by the end of this quarter. You will recall that at our analyst conference last year, we assumed $750 million of share repurchases, and we still may do that if it looks prudent to do so. However, given the South American acquisition and other opportunities, it will likely be later this year before we make a decision on future buybacks. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don, who will begin with Slide 9.
Mark Snell: Well, I think that's, generally speaking, correct. We had a lot of offshore cash with the sale of the Commodities business. We're using that. We're using a little bit of in-country financing, and we really have no anticipation of using outside equity or issuing any equity to finance it at all.
Mark Snell: Yes, we do have actually almost that much cash offshore. But ultimately, we will probably not spend it all, and we will do some but it's probably no more than about 30% debt.
Mark Snell: Well, we do get some back in 2010. We still have more money to receive in 2011. On the balance sheet, we have about $787 million as of the end of the quarter, and we expect to collect that kind of ratably over the 2011, kind of on a quarterly basis. And that both represents collateral that's been posted, proceeds from the sales. And then we have certain assets that are running off. Most of those have done that now, that we were still holding, but we should get that money pretty ratably over the year.
Mark Snell: It is. We have a couple assets that we may get more money for, and they're relatively small amounts. But I think generally speaking, we think this is sort of -- we've sort of wrote the investment down or the investment down to what the net realizable value that we think we'll get, and that's what's left, and it's kind of where we are. I would point out, though, I think what people lose track of, remember, this was an investment that we made 11 years ago for about $250 million. We really didn't pull any -- we had great earnings but didn't pull a lot of cash out it. But over the last couple of years now, we'll have pulled out about $3.6 billion, which is a fairly impressive amount.
Mark Snell: We think about it all the time, but I'll defer a part of this to our analyst conference, because I'll give more detail on where our capital structure is going to go. I will say though that in summary, we will still be at roughly around 50%. Our leverage is, actually, over the next couple of years, will go up just very slightly, 51-ish kind of percent. But to be honest, I focus less on the actual capital structure, the debt-to-equity ratio than I do the cash flow coverage ratios. And that's really what we manage here more, because that's what the rating agencies tend to look at more for us. And it's probably a better indication of our financial strength, and sort of the capital structure sort of falls out of that, but I think you're right. As we become more predictable earnings and have the utilities play a bigger part and our contracted earnings play a bigger part in our net income, we're able to be a little more leveraged than we were before. We actually were, at one time, as low as 47% leveraged, and now we're kind of going up over around 51%.
Mark Snell: Well, this is Mark. We'll be finished with the $500 million by the end of the quarter. Obviously, I can't tell you exactly how many shares they have left to fulfill. But we've been told by our agents that's handling this that they'll be finished by the end of the quarter of this quarter. And then beyond that, as I've said in my prepared remarks, we had originally planned to do $750 million at the last analyst conference last year. We still obviously have the authorization to do that, but we're going to wait till later in this year to look at what our other investment opportunities are before we commit to anything.
Mark Snell: Yes, it's cash on hand and debt. And initially, we have financed it with short-term borrowings. And now, we're fixing those into more long-term borrowings as we go forward.
Mark Snell: Right, but the difference is, is the investment in these utilities versus just paying down debt. But I mean, I think we did that math for you. We told you it's $0.15 accretive this year, about $0.22 next year.
Mark Snell: I guess the first thing to point out is that the regulatory construct in both Chile and Peru, our rates have inflationary indexes in them that it allows for adjustments in rates or inflation. Now that doesn't necessarily always correspond dollar for dollar to the currency changes, but it is an approximation and it sort of alleviates sort of the wildest swings in currency affecting us. But generally speaking, we won't hedge sort of revenues or that kind of thing. Now that said, we do, on occasion, on specific types of items where we have currency exposure and usually this is in Mexico, we have kind of an odd tax situation because of the way the Mexican taxes work, that we do have certain exposures that we hedge from time to time. But they're relatively small, and so I don't think you're going to see us as a matter of course, due to large currency hedges, because I think we have built in to our regulatory structure of kind of a natural hedge that's built into that.
Mark Snell: Look, I think again, we will go into detail on this at the analyst conference, and I don't want to take all the wind out of that. But I think we do have a $15 billion capital program over the next five years. We are going to continue to grow from this 2011 base. I think that you're going to see growth that is kind of in the top quartile of our peer group. And along with that, we're going to be paying a much more competitive dividend. And so, I think the details of that, we'll flush out for you when we can do it by business unit, and as we normally do at the meeting.
Mark Snell: I think the average growth rate for the utility is it something around 4%, 3% or 4%. And we will be a little bit better, we'll be better than that, we'll be more in the 6% to 8% range.
Mark Snell: I guess I don't know exactly what you mean by that but I mean, that's a net effect to our bottom line. There's no real -- I don't know...
Mark Snell: Yes, the $0.15 doesn't anticipate this one-time gain. That would be just kind of a one-off, and actually a non-cash item, so we still tend to ignore it.
Mark Snell: I think, actually, what we said was 7% to 8%, so maybe it was just a misunderstanding there. But, that said, since the third quarter call, we've had a slight further deterioration to gas prices along the forward curve. That's probably been the biggest effect. And then we've also -- the bonus depreciation, which the rules that came in, what that did was that lowered our -- because it's great for us from a cash flow perspective, because we get a lot of cash back early. But the earnings effect of that is, is that the deferred taxes that result from that accelerated depreciation get offset against the rate base. And it lowers our earnings until we can find replacement investments to put that cash in. And so that is affecting our growth a little bit.
Neal Schmale: Through the end of 2010, we've spent around $600 million on Sunrise, and the total project cost is estimated about $1.9 billion. We're in the field right now, constructing that project. And the anticipated completion date is in the middle of 2012.
Neal Schmale: Well, first of all, there's no doubt that the cost of renewables is greater than the cost of fossil-fired generation right now, particularly with where gas prices are. On the other hand, the State of California has taken a policy objective to increase the amount of renewables and increase conservation. And we're proceeding in accord with that policy objective. I would offer the comment that the price of renewables is coming down. I think people realize that in order to get these kinds of projects going, perhaps, a little bit of a premium would have to rebate in the early stages. But I think over time, the cost of renewables are going down, and I think the Public Utilities Commission has been pretty thoughtful about the way they're approaching all of these issues.
Neal Schmale: Yes, just to add a little bit of background for the people that are on the call, what we're talking about here is the impact of bonus depreciation at the utilities and more particularly, the fact that deferred taxes eventually will be subtracted from rate base. And the impact of that is the earnings we were talking about. But to elaborate a little bit more, is I think the key thing is that this is a result of us getting a lot more cash quicker because of the bonus depreciation, so accumulative cash...
Neal Schmale: No, it's a lot more than that. Effectively, we're writing, you're basically writing off up to 100% of your capital investments in a signal year, and so you're getting the tax benefit of that write-off. So if you write off $1 billion, that's $350 million of extra cash.
Neal Schmale: This is Neal Schmale. Another way, perhaps, to look at it from a consolidated standpoint is to go back to Joe's comment that we will not be paying federal cash taxes for several years. So if you want to sort of compare the prior statutory rate in some assumed level of deferred, I mean, these are significant numbers in terms of the cash flow coming in.
Joseph Householder: This is Joe Householder. So on a GAAP basis, for 2011, we expect a GAAP tax rate around 28%. But now with the bonus depreciation enactment in December and our solar investment and so forth, and we don't expect to pay any real cash taxes for several years. So we'll have a tax rate on GAAP, but no cash out.
Joseph Householder: This is Joe Householder. The only thing I would say that's different from that is there will be probably a one-time gain. We don't know exactly how much because of the accounting rules require us to step up the basis of our half the debt. That is kind of the operating after financing that we estimated the number.
Joseph Householder: Yes, there were a number of things. As we've mentioned with respect to SDG&E, they have a tax audit resolution that was $9 million. The parent also had a similar benefit, about $10 million benefit from the closure of an audit. We had a $15 million benefit from the increase in the impairment of the Argentine asset. And then lastly, there was a California State tax benefit of consolidation of about $18 million, which was higher than normal, and had to do with the commodity sale, a lot of foreign income and U.S. losses from writing off some of the goodwill at the commodity. So there was a whole host of issues and it drove it rate down.
Joseph Householder: Well, it's 0 in '11, and it's going to be probably about $25 million to $30 million in '12. I'm not sure if you're question was how much is the bonus depreciation and what's the effect on it.
