Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thank all of you for joining us today. Before we get started, I wanted to note that Rick Vaccari is with us today in his new role as Vice President of Investor Relations, which he assumed following our analyst conference. Rick takes over for Steve Davis, who is now Senior Vice President of External Affairs. If you haven't had a chance to meet Rick, I trust you will very soon. I'd also like to thank those of you who joined us here in San Diego for our analyst conference at the end of March, and those of you who participated in the webcast. It was a great opportunity for us to meet many of you and to show you how we plan to produce above average long-term earnings growth and support a competitive and growing dividend going forward. Now, on today's call, I'd like to accomplish 2 things. We'll review our first quarter financial results, and then we'll give you an operational update on our businesses. Let's begin with our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported first-quarter earnings of $236 million or $0.97 per share, compared with $254 million or $1.05 per share in the same period last year. All of our businesses performed well, and we're on track to meet our earnings guidance for 2012, which is $4 to $4.30 per share. You'll note that this is the first quarter of reporting our financial results under our new operating unit structure. We now have 6 reporting segments, which include our 2 California utilities, SDG&E and SoCalGas. We have 2 reportable segments within Sempra International, the South American Utilities and Mexico segments. And finally, we have Sempra U.S. Gas & Power, which consists of the Renewables and Natural Gas segments. Now, let me hand it over to Joe so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I would say that there has been a lot more interest generally in generation in the Southwest. There are a number of RFPs that are out right now or coming out in the very near future, so we'll get long-term contracts for generation. Some of that is associated with the ones with cooling issues, some of that is associated with looking at possible coal retirement. And I'll ask Mark to add a little bit of color on what's happening in the current marketplace.
Debra L. Reed: Let me just add that, unlike Cameron, the facility in Baja is fully contracted for 20-plus years. And so, it's not -- for us, the priority is definitely on getting Cameron, which is not fully contracted, fully utilized and producing earnings.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we would anticipate that since we've made our filings for the cost of capital that, that would really take precedent. And that we have had -- we have made a prior filing a couple of years ago at SoCalGas because of the impact of some of the government policy issues on using [ph] in U.S. Treasury, and that was never envisioned when that mechanism was put in place. And so when we made those filings, we had some discussions with the CPUC at the time about us filing for the cost of capital. So they were expecting us to be making this filing. So I think that we will be on the same schedule as all of the utilities, and that would have us having a decision by the end of this year with new cost of capital mechanisms and cost of capital structures going into place on January 1, 2013.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I just want to clarify something Mark said, I think he was talking about in CFD versus metric tonnes. Because when you look at the potential for export, it's higher than the 20 number...
Debra L. Reed: And what I was going to say is, yesterday, I'm sure many of you saw that the Brookings Institution published a study, and they looked at an export level of 9 Bcf a day out of that study, and showing very, very minimal impact on gas prices coming from that. And at least their approach was that, it should be open to all parties who can participate in the market. And I mean, I think that's the position we would really like to see adopted, is that this becomes market-based, we think of this as market-based, we have a very competitive facility. And that we will be with our counter-parties that we've signed these CDA agreements, and we will be moving forward with construction and export, if we can have a market-based type of approach like Brookings suggested.
Debra L. Reed: First of all, let's take a water case as a good benchmark example. If you look at, historically, the differential between energy companies and water companies and ROEs authorized, it is about 100 basis points. So an authorized ROE of water companies in the 10-range would definitely be equivalent to, for energy companies, in the 11-range based upon historical precedent. The risks seen in those businesses are quite different, and so there's always been a much higher ROE granted to the energy companies. I would also say that California have seen the need to have ROE's that will allow us to attract the capital necessary to make the kinds of investments that the State is expecting, in terms of clean energy, renewables, having the 33% renewables contracted, having the balance sheets to support that, all of the infrastructure, the pipeline safety investments that we will be making. And so, I think that, if you kind of look at those facts, I think they do support an ROE that's in the 11-range.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. The way that all the parties that we worked with and signed agreements are, we're looking at making this a joint venture, where we would have most likely 50% ownership, and they would, the 3 parties, have a sharing of 50% ownership. And all of those parties have expressed an interest in taking equity. We haven't negotiated the final terms of that, but that is what's envisioned.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We're still looking at 2012 being largely about doing the engineering studies and the planning for the construction, and expecting that the expenditures would be somewhere in the $100 million range for 2012.
Debra L. Reed: The main driver at SDG&E, Michael, is definitely the AFUDC from Sunrise. That is a significant issue. What I would say though is that both utilities were trying to operate at the revenue requirement that we had last year, because, until you get a decision, that's the prudent thing to do. And so we've had a history of trying to operate our businesses until we get the CPUC decision at the level that has been previously authorized and raised.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you, all, for joining us this morning for our first quarter call. If there's any follow-up questions you have, please contact Rick or Scott or Victor, and have a really nice day.
Mark A. Snell: Well, clearly with the outage at SONGS and some of the other maintenance issues with some of the other plants in the region, we've had a tighter market than we expect in the -- for this time of year, and as we roll into summer, it looks like we're going to have, I would say, as we look at it today, it looks like we could have a slightly tighter market than what we've experienced in the past couple of summers. So that should have some upward pressure on pricing, but we're not -- we really haven't made any change in our outlook for what we think that business will do for the year. We could be pleasantly surprised, but I think at the end of the day we're kind of sticking to the numbers that we gave you at the analyst conference.
Mark A. Snell: We certainly are taking a look at that. It's an interesting opportunity for us. It has some advantages, as being closer to Asia and not having to go through the Canal and all that. So we are definitely taking a look at it. It isn't -- we don't have as much land there as we do in Cameron, but it is something -- we could handle maybe 1, maybe 2 trains at the most there, but -- it is something that we're exploring, but our top priority is to get Cameron online and to move that forward. And obviously, we took a big step on that today and we're really excited about it, and we think that, that will add tremendous value.
Mark A. Snell: The GDF announcement that we have today, kind of, completes the circle for us. So we have all 3 trains now that we have customers for, and we're just going to work forward on moving that. And I think one of the things that where we are, what we feel very comfortable with, is our partners in this project and our major customers are all experienced LNG players that have long customer relationships with Korea, with Japan, with Chile, with places that are some of the biggest users of LNG in the world. And so we feel like we're in a very good position to move our project forward.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. Look, I think the things that are -- the big milestones to come forward is, first, let me just remind everybody, that we do have export capability to all the free-trade countries, and that includes Korea, which is a very big user of LNG. The next step is to get the non-free-trade export permit. And we expect to get that, as we've said, sort of later in the year, could be at the early part of next year. But that's something that we've got to get done. We also would need a FERC permit to construct, and we are working on that right now. We would expect to get that sometime later in the year. We are working on the final design and engineering, those kinds of things need to be done to get the FERC permit. So we've got a ways to go, we're just off to a very good start.
Mark A. Snell: It's a great question. In the commercial development agreements that we have signed with our 3 customers and partners, they have agreed to a long-term tolling arrangement, which does not include an out or losing that license. So if we were to get the license and lose it or not get it, the long-term tolling arrangement doesn't have an out for that. But the long-term tolling arrangements haven't been signed yet, so there is some -- if we never got it between now and the time that we would sign those long-term tolling arrangements, it may change things. And I think the way we stand now, given the partners that we have, it probably has more to do with the sizing of the facility than whether it actually moves forward or not. I mean, we feel like there's enough of a market currently that there would be a market for the facility even if we didn't get it. But at the end of the day, we expect to get it. It makes the most sense. And frankly, the -- but the long-term implications of that would rest with the shipper. Now that's one of the reasons, too, though that we want them to be partners in the facility because if there was any kind of disruption like that, it's nice to do this as everybody has an equity interest in the facility, and we would work together to make -- to have the right outcomes.
Mark A. Snell: Let me take that first, and I think Debbie has a comment on it, too. But I'd -- look, it's a great question, because I think there is an awful lot of concern in the country about exporting a tremendous amount of gas. And I think one thing we all have to remind ourselves is that the LNG market, while it is big, it is a fixed amount, and we have lots of competition around the world to sell that gas to those countries that need it. And so right now, we think that there's a potential kind of excess capacity in the near term -- or excess demand in the near-term, primarily driven by Japan's desire to -- as they've shut down their nuclear fleet and their desire to wean themselves off nuclear and move to gas, and then as the economies pick up, it's probably something like 20 million tonnes a year. And I think what we're talking about is a facility that could be as much as 4 -- and then when we look at some of the other facilities, there's plenty -- there's enough to absorb what could come out of the U.S., but you're not going to be in a situation where we're going to have 20, 30 Bcf a day being exported. It's probably not that big of a market right now.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. I confused the numbers. Yes. But it is -- the potential is, just Japan alone is probably an excess of 10 million cubic feet a day, 10 billion cubic feet a day, or something like that. So there is some potential for export but it isn't an unlimited market. So I don't think the U.S. has to worry that we're going to have a large share of our gas supply go offshore, that's probably not the case.
Mark A. Snell: Well, I guess we wouldn't really talk about the ones that we're currently bidding on. But there are still some several fairly large ones that are out there, and there are some that have been in process for a while that people have had trouble now meeting some of the requirements, and they're coming out for additional opportunities. But we don't, probably, the numbers that we presented at the analysts conference for our fleet are likely to be what we've have been for the rest of the year. We haven't seen -- I don't think anything that would come up now would have happen at least until the following year.
