Joe Householder: Thank you, Mark. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $295 million or $1.17 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported second quarter earnings of $260 million or $1.03 per share. Second quarter earnings in 2014 were $269 million or $1.08 per share. Adjusted earnings this quarter exclude two items first we recorded a $36 million after-tax gain on the sale of the remaining block of the Mesquite Power Plant. Second as I noted last quarter, we are adjusting earnings for expenses relating to the development of our pre-proposed LNG liquefaction projects. While our cash expenditures have been consistent with cost for the LNG development activities, we've undertaken thus far we have recorded $1 million of after-tax expense in the second quarter of 2015. This number reflects the fact that certain costs are being capitalized and certain other costs are being shared with our Cameron joint venture partners and PEMEX. I also wanted to note that compared with the same period of last year, second quarter earnings now reflect the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas revenues. As Mark mentioned earlier, this impact resulted in $48 million of lower earnings this quarter and $65 million of higher earnings year-to-date. Looking to the third quarter please be aware that we could report a loss for SoCalGas due to seasonality. You can refer to the appendix for additional detail where we illustrate 2014 SoCalGas earnings at seasonality and revenues been applied. As the appendix shows third quarter 2014 earnings would have reflected a loss in the third quarter. So there was no impact on a full year basis. Overall, we are on track to achieving our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance given the strong financial performance we've had year-to-date. Finally, before proceeding, I want to mention that we expect to report a one-time non-cash gain next quarter, we will step up our investment to fair value related to IEnova's purchase of PEMEX's interest in their joint venture. The size of the gain has not yet been determined and is not included in our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance. Please turn to slide 11. Individual financial results for each of our businesses could be found in this section of our presentation entitled business unit earnings. I'll address here the key drivers for our consolidated earnings this quarter. Sempra International recorded $19 million of higher earnings primarily from the Los Ramones I pipeline and a section of the Sonora pipeline in Mexico that are now in service. SoCalGas recorded a $13 million retroactive benefit for 2012 to the first quarter of 2015 from higher rate base. Approval of this benefit by the PUC was contingent upon receiving a favorable Private Letter Ruling from the IRS which we received in April. SoCalGas also had $10 million of higher operational earnings from higher CPUC margins net of operating expenses and higher AFUDC equity earnings. Offsetting these positive factors were two items, the $48 million seasonality impact that lowered SoCalGas's 2015 earnings and $11 million of lower net investment earnings at the parent on assets in support of our retirement obligations. Now let's conclude with slide 12. Overall, our financial and operating results for the second quarter continued to be very strong and consistent with our 2015 adjusted earnings guidance of $4.60 per share to $5 per share. Excluding the impact of seasonality in SoCalGas's revenues, our second quarter adjusted earnings increased significantly compared to the same period last year driven largely by increased operating results at both Sempra International and SoCalGas. Across the company, we have made excellent progress on our base plan and continue to capture additional development opportunities. As we look forward to the remainder of the year we are working diligently to capture more development opportunities that can provide upside to our base plan in the near term. In addition, we'll continue to work toward advancing our LNG projects that could extend this growth beyond 2019. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions you may have.
Joe Householder: Yeah. Thanks, Mark and hi Julien. Yeah, this is very important and we're studying the issue. We really like this deal and so we would like to participate in the deal. We are looking at, what the market is going to be like over the next couple of months. We've got a lot of confidence from the banks we've worked with on this transaction. And I think our current view is, we will participate in the equity offering. We know that a number of our IEnova investors want to have more liquidity. So, we've said all along that if we have a large project this would enable us to go back out to the equity markets. And so we're going to have an equity offering I believe, we will participate. What I'm currently thinking is, we have a dividend coming later this week from IEnova. It will come to our Mexican Holding company. And I think, we'll use that cash plus some other cash to participate in the offering. We haven't decided the firm amount yet, we want to see how the shares are doing and how the market is, but we definitely will participate, and as Mark said, this is going to be accretive either way.
Joe Householder: Well, I guess, you'll first hear about it when they are announced, but for the most part, I think we're working on some of these right now and some will be probably completed before year-end.
Joe Householder: We are not going to narrow the range or talk about where we are in the guidance. You can see the year-to-date results are really strong, you can't double those because SoCalGas is $65 million ahead on the seasonality. So that will come back and then we have a few items that are in the earnings year-to-date that won't repeat. So we feel really good about where we are, but we're not going to narrow it at this point.
Joe Householder: The thing is we just cannot comment on the MLP at all. I just - I apologize, but that just the way the rules are and so we really can't talk about it. We'll talk about that when we do the marketing for the MLP.
Joe Householder: Yes. It's pretty close. I mean we've evaluated this as we've been working on this deal for a few months and actually whether we borrow money or whether we issue equity, it hardly has any impact and so the only thing that moves jut slightly is whether we participate but again it's going to be accretive either way, but I think we will - you will see us participate to some degree.
Joe Householder: It's really in their hands. I mean I suppose something could be worked out but we have other projects too that we're developing and are part of our portfolio. So we have to evaluate it in relation to those just as they will.
Joe Householder: Yeah. And I would just add to that. I think it's important just to keep in mind that our projects, both in the Gulf and ECO as well, we are positioning them as at the very low end of the cost curve for LNG worldwide. And so we think they will be very competitive, but that doesn't - we have other Gulf Coast facilities that obviously compete with that. But in general, our facilities and the others in the Gulf region in particular, are some of the lowest cost providers of LNG that out there. And therefore they're very likely to get lifted over time.
Joe Householder: Yeah, it does. We believe the project that we just won is kind of a large header system, which will benefit us and being able to control the costs on the next project bid that's coming up. And so I don't want to go into all the details of why that is. But we do think it gives us a little bit of an advantage and we're hoping to see some success there.
Joe Householder: Mark, I'd add on to that. And, Matt, I think you guys don't always see this, but Mark and I sit on the IEnova board and so we were just down there last week and we were with Debbie and we met with PEMEX and other government agencies. And it's really important, we have a very interactive ongoing relationship with IEnova. And I just want to make sure you guys all understand that.
Joe Householder: Yeah, I'm going to turn this over to Dennis to give you the details. So let me just make one quick point which is - at the analyst conference and in the plan, what we assumed with respect to the GRC was just normal attrition, but I think that was just a conservative assumption to - for the planning purposes, but I think Dennis can give you some more detail on that.
Joe Householder: Hey, Faisel. So, most of it is the ethane project coming online but then in addition to that Mark talked a little bit about some of the synergies that we see and in an addition all the cash flow from the business would be accumulating and paying down debt or being available to provide some earnings and that's what's really driving the few cents additional as we go through the time period, but the bulk of it is ethane.
Joe Householder: Yeah, actually as I mentioned earlier there's two things that we really didn't put into the EPS guidance, one was the efficiencies that we think we can get from running a whole system together, that's one. And then the two, there is either additional capacity in the lines or capacity that could be added relatively and expensively with compression and we're in the process of marketing some of that capacity to other users. So, other LDCs, power plants and those kinds of things and so we do think that there is upside there. We haven't put that - we haven't calculated that into our EPS estimates of accretion, but there is certainly other things that we think we can get.
Joe Householder: Well, we're actually starting - we are marketing the asset right now, but I'll let Trevor give a little more detail.
Mark Snell: Well, I'm going to let Joe handle that question in detail, but let me just say off the bat that we are expecting to finance this at the IEnova level and even if we don't participate in this thing and I'll let Joe explain what we're thinking there but even if we didn't, it would still be accretive to us but Joe why don't you give some more details on that.
Mark Snell: Well, with respect to trains four and trains five, we have this partnership that owns a facility, we own 50% and our partners own the other 50%. Currently through trains one, trains two, trains three our partners have all of the capacity. With respect to trains four and trains five, we have a right, Sempra has the right to 50% of that capacity, we're highly confident that we're going to be able to market that capacity and we're actively doing that now. And therefore we know that at least one of the trains will go, whether our partners decide to market that extra capacity or not is entirely up to them and we don't control that, but - Octávio, if you would like to comment on any of that that maybe fill in.
Mark Snell: I'd add on Mark. Just to be clear, so everybody is clear on the call. The fourth train would be owned by the joint venture, so it'd be 50-50 ownership. But Octávio was right, we would have the capacity.
Mark Snell: Yeah, what we would - I mean obviously we would not move forward if we haven't sold the capacity forward, but we're in the process of that marketing effort right now and we're pretty confident that we'll get that done.
Mark Snell: Yes, I mean, in fact we're seeing two things. One, on the cost side, with us acquiring a 100% of the pipes that we're in the JV. We believe we can integrate those with the other pipes that we own and we'll definitely get some synergies out of that that would be in addition to the earnings accretion that we've so far forecasted. So we think if there is additional upside just in the operational synergies that we can achieve. But then secondly, all of the pipeline infrastructure that we're building now, we've to this point, only marketed it to the original customer that ask for it to be built mainly CFE or PEMEX. But these are open access pipes and we are announced - into market extra capacity to other users and we've just actually started working on that and we're seeing some success and getting that. So we do think there is additional upside to come from marketing additional capacity either that exist currently or that we can create through compression and we are pretty excited about that. We think that there is a growth opportunity there.
Mark Snell: We are not disclosing the benefits precisely, but they're 100 megawatts and 150 megawatts projects and there are consistent returns with what we've had in the past.
Mark Snell: Well, obviously we do see some attractive M&A opportunities. We just executed on one last week. So we think that - we think that we did a very good deal last weekend and we're really happy with it. So obviously with the way the landscape has been, it could be that M&A opportunities become more viable. But it's still - there still a pretty good cost advantage to developing your own projects as opposed to train to buy them in the marketplace. We see that both - we see that both in the midstream area and also in the renewables area as well, to the extent that we continue to develop our own backlog of projects, that's a much more profitable avenue for us and we're fortunate to have a pretty good backlog of projects to work on. So I think we're very well positioned for growth and growth at the lower end of the cost curve as opposed to somebody that's trying to it through acquisition.
Mark Snell: Yeah, look, I think it's a healthy development for us in the sense that PEMEX is recognizing this transaction. They repeatedly refer to it as a monetization as opposed to a sale, because they see this opportunity to build these projects that they need to have done and then once they're built, they can monetize them through a sale to us and then start on the next project and we see that or obviously we think that that's a very exciting opportunity for us. And we were very happy that they wanted to stay into this partnership arrangement with the pipeline that's currently under construction and then the considered new projects in that. So I think we do think - we are looking at this as a source of future projects. We think it's a good model for us, it's worked well in the past. And I think the thing that that PEMEX appreciates is that they have now worked with us on these projects over the years. They've had good results, we've built good projects, they've come in pretty much on time and on budget and I think they see us as a really good partner that they can count on to deliver for them. And so that's something that we - obviously we pride ourselves on and we think that is going to lead to more projects in the future.
Mark Snell: And, finally you may have missed it on the question before, but we did discuss that we're talking about FID with that project with Port Arthur sort of late 2017 all the way into late 2018 sort of that time - probably in the 2018 timeframe.
Mark Snell: Well, there is a color I could but won't. Look right now, we think we have a very competitive project. We think our costs are some of the lowest in the region. We're marketing that to our advantage and I really don't want to give any more details in that.
Mark Snell: Well, the generation clearly has been under stress in the U.S. Prices have been relatively low, but in Mexico there are going to be generation opportunities. On the renewable side, I think they will be quite good, they'll be - and obviously we're well positioned to do that and ESJ can be expanded pretty easily. But on the gas power generation side, and especially with respect to combined cycle plants, there will be opportunities to build those under contracts with CFE, but they haven't really been let that out that much in any kind of volume of [indiscernible] one and what we're - we're going to have to kind of wait and see - to see how that market develops. I think what they're doing in Mexico is actually really pretty smart, which is they're building out the gas network first. They're developing a very active gas market one that both CFE and the private sector will participate in to a great degree, and once if that, they have a robust gas market and a good supply network, then I think you'll start to see them let out the opportunities to build more power plants. But I think they definitely are staging at a little bit, and I think rightly so.
Mark Snell: Absolutely, I mean I think we are going to be very well positioned to take advantage of those, and I think - we have every intention of doing that. It's just that they have to meet our criteria for having long-term contracts and being solid investments which we expect them to be. But given our infrastructure and our knowledge of the gas pipeline network in Mexico, I think that we will be well positioned to take advantage of those offerings.
Mark Snell: Well, thanks again for joining us today. If you have any follow up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team, and have a great day.
Octávio Simões: Sure. I think Mark covered the big topics and that is that the ownership has decided to go forward with the expansion. We have 50% of that expansion capacity roughly 4 million tons, the remaining partners have 4 million tons as well. What they're doing with their capacity, it depends whether they want to put it in the market, if it fits in their portfolio or not, we are actively pursuing it, we're encouraged by all the things we are finding in our current negotiations. And so at the end of the day, I think the slide reflects that we'll go back and say, okay, Sempra is taking on the 4 million tons that we are allotted to, if our partners say no that means that probably then one just one train will be built since there was agreement by everybody, if they market their capacity then we would have the two trains. We are permitting both trains from both the FERC and DOE.
Octávio Simões: I think you've covered the process. I would just add part of the attractiveness of Port Arthur is that it appeals to customers that may want to have equity as part of their supply strategy. It allows us and Woodside to look at options to really make Port Arthur a very low cost supplier in the LNG market, which for us is key for the success of any project out of the U.S. exports of LNG. So it's - plus this is going extremely well. There is a lot of similar objectives between us Woodside, and you're likely to see some announcements as that relationship grows and as the project continues to go forward.
Octávio Simões: Mike, if I may just add. One of the key elements for any buyer of LNG in the world is the reliability and the creditability of the developer. And so, we think Sempra is very well positioned with our track record, clearly Woodside is very well positioned given their track record. And so that in itself is an advantage because we'll be offering technology that's conventional that the buyers are used, that's reliable and with all kinds of the guarantees that they expect from a project of this size.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then secondly just on the MLP, which I know you can't talk about. Can you just remind when we did - when you did your base plan, my recollection is that you did not kind of assume the MLP in your financing plan.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And I get that. And then finally just back that you know of the $0.05 to $0.10 of accretion on the different years, that's whether you take stock or not, are related to this deal, that range is still pretty good either way, sort of the equation.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then one question on Cameron 4 and Cameron 5. So you can control of 4 million tons of one train. You're only going to go forward with yours if you sign long-term contracts, I assume.
Faisel Khan: Hey, good afternoon. Just on the PEMEX, the accretion you guys discussed in your slide from $0.05 to $0.10. So, I guess all I've got so far in that JV is in terms of projects that you're working on are expanding with a JV is the ethane pipeline. So what else is going to sort of drive that joint venture from $0.05 to $0.10? I'm assuming loss from [indiscernible]. That's still in the JV and the same ownership presenters so that doesn't change anything that's going on there. Well, I will let Joe address the EPS numbers.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got it. Makes sense. And then just on Port Arthur so the sort of relationship here are talking about with the Woodside Petroleum. So, I guess what's the timeline in terms of when you guys decide whether you're going to go forward with the joint venture and I guess therefore market the asset together or what are you guys thinking about it right now. What is the...
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. Then just on the Cameron expansion just in terms of lowering the cost of the - or providing a sort of lower cost and expansion from the economies of scale. Where do you guys think, that is right now? Especially since you've seen steel cost come down and we've seen, I mean, what - like on a percentage basis like versus what you guys have outlined for this one versus what you're thinking about the expansion, is there any color you can provide on that? Thanks.
