Jeff Martin: Thanks Trevor. Sempra continues to lead the sector in sustainability as highlighted by our strong ratings. In May, we published our 12th consecutive corporate sustainability report. We're extremely proud of the progress we're making on the environmental, social and governance front and this year's report provides a great snapshot of our most recent initiatives and our latest results. Our sustainability report also highlights how we champion diversity. In fact, across the Sempra family of companies that we control 62% are persons of color and in our parent company the majority of all of our employees are women. We are also quite proud of our board of directors where 62% are women or persons of color. I'm very proud of our employees who continue to live out our company values. At Sempra we do the right thing; champion people and shape the future. Please turn the next slide. We're pleased to report a very successful quarter both operationally and financially benefiting from a more narrow strategic focus we recently raised our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range and are also reaffirming our full year 2021 EPS guidance range. We remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value and I cannot be more pleased with our overall financial performance even in these challenging market conditions. And with that this concludes our prepare remarks and we'll stop to take your questions.
Jeff Martin: Thanks [indiscernible]. There is a few questions in there. So I'll try to take in order. If I miss one please circle back. I'll be glad to address that. I would just start with one of the comments we made in our prepared remarks which is that we really feel like we're getting great traction with our strategy. We've set a course just over two years ago to become North America's premier energy infrastructure company and to do that we elected to exit South America and sell some non-core assets that generated about $8.3 billion of pre-tax proceeds which we've been able to effectively recycle back here into our core businesses particularly here in the United States. So what we've been number one focused on from a capital allocation standpoint is funding our $32 billion five-year capital program. The lion's share of that as you know is in our utilities. So our first obligation is to always make sure that we meet the resource requirements in Oncor SDG&E SoCalGas particularly in the areas of safety and reliability. Second, we've made some definitive commitments around strengthening our balance sheet. We set forth our credit targets for the end of the year namely around debt to cap and our FFO targets which are reflected in the slides. We feel good about where we're at but I will say that we feel quite strongly that the utility sector has underperformed the broader market by about 6% this year and our stock is likewise underperformed within the sector and we think we have a very strong top tier growth and income story and that's why we've taken some steps in this market environment to defer some capital which Trevor referenced in his prepared remarks about $500 million out of this year into 2021 and that's created room for us to make sure that we're thoughtful to support our stock. So we were very pleased to be able to use up the remaining authorization from 2007 and the commitment and authorization from our board really is to replenish that and we're not going to talk about specifically how we might put that authority to work but I think our past practices of being opportunistic to support our stock at these levels should guide your thoughts in that area. Secondly, you raise this issue of M&A and I think that our practice has been that we don't as a convention talk about forward-looking acquisition activities but I do think there's always benefit to talk about the lens by which we look at M&A activity and Constantine it typically starts with looking at assets that fit our strategy. Second we look at assets where we think we can bring deep expertise to trying to operate them more effectively and then thirdly, obviously price matters. We're always looking to pay a fair price and if we can obviously a dislocation price is helpful. But if you think about our approach to energy future holdings, remember this was a asset that was in bankruptcy and we were able to extend our T&D strategy into Texas which has been a core priority and we did that at a very attractive price and then we went from that one to [indiscernible] which was very similar position great basket of assets. I think we picked that up for something around 16 times earnings which is a great price for the quality of those T&D assets. So when you think about where we're at today we've talked about this larger management team with low interest rates and credit spreads it's surprising to see utilities trade at a discounts and market and if you look at and we've reviewed a lot of sell side research in this area. I've looked at Wolf, Baml, Goldman, UBS and others and it's clear that there's a lot of value in our sector today and I think it's one of the reasons when we think about M&A the one area that we feel like that really fits our strategy and also where we have deep expertise and there is a really attractive price opportunity is with Sempra stock. So I mean we're pretty much pounding the table. We've got a top-tier growth and income story here and that's one of the reasons that we were opportunistic this summer and pleased to go into the marketplace to purchase $500 million of our own stock. So we have a $32 billion capital program underway that is 100% of our focus but at the same time we're going to be aggressive to continue to look for opportunities to be opportunistic going forward.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Well, I appreciate you asking this question. This is something that's a high area of interest to us. I also appreciate your recognition of the great R&D work that's been taking place at SDG&E in SoCalGas I'll provide a little bit of color Constantine and pass it to Kevin Sagara who's the group president over California but I think it starts with the fact that over the last three to five years this has been a priority in our company. So we own the largest natural gas franchise in the western hemisphere. We serve 22 million consumers right here in California, their basic natural gas needs and we made the decision in the last several years that we were leading this space. When you think of broad categories where we're spending time either on R&D basis or projects there's probably 8 to 10 different projects that we're looking at. They fall into the categories of transportation refueling, primarily focused on heavy duty vehicles, blending opportunities into power generation, blending opportunity into compressor stations at SoCalGas and really the opportunity to co-locate some of these facilities and take advantage of cost efficiencies with our LNG facilities, but we're also trying to take a leadership position Constantine in some of the major trade associations like the hydrogen council and we're collaborating with the countries we think that are leading this field today primarily Japan and Germany. So we're quite bullish from the role of hydrogen and renewable natural gas particularly here in California. You think about the energy transition that's in front of our sector and the one that's in front of the world particularly in the developing world hydrogen is going to play an increasingly important role. It's still a little bit early but I think you're raising a good point. The time now to create a leadership position is the work we're doing inside of our utilities currently and Kevin perhaps she could provide some additional color.
Jeff Martin: I would start by saying see that we're obviously committed to our $32 billion capital program but with this current market backdrop we've really pushed on the near term into the capital program. This is really 100% coming from our non-utility businesses primarily LNG but we've moved capital related to ECA into next year some capital we've also deferred some capital related to our storage businesses in Mexico but it shouldn't have any meaningful impact on 2020 or 2021.
Jeff Martin: No. There's no timeline but I think is that as I articulated to Constantine, I think our past practices would guide how we would look to use that.
Jeff Martin: Sure. I'll take your second question first and come back to the franchise agreement but in California for a long period of time various industrial utilities would be looking to promote one deal on regulation or another and I think the goal always is to get to the best long-term energy policies in the state and because there's sometimes a lack of clarity about what type of activities require use from ratepayer dollars versus shareholder dollars, we felt like that ambiguity is your enemy. So we felt like that for the benefit of the industry it was worth having a lot of clarity. So we filed an OIR to make sure there's a process around this with a lot of transparency and allow all five commissioners and their staff to weigh in on it. So we feel good about taking that step and I think it will add some clarity for all the participants in the industry. On the San Diego franchise, I would probably offer you three different comments here Steve. First, the city charter in San Diego always requires a competitive process to renew it. Mayor falls during the city council I think are doing all the things that you expect them to be doing. So running the competitive process. It's open and transparent. They've augmented their staff with some outside consultants and all this is being done with the view towards getting the best outcome for the residents of the city. I think that leads to my second point, which is we have close to 300 franchises across the state of California. So we're always evaluating 10 or 12 of these at a time and our approach we tend to be to focus on each of these as an opportunity for us to get better as a company. And you have to remind yourself there is a strong alignment of interest that those same residents of the city are also our customers. So we're always trying to find new and better ways to serve them and you have to remember these are customers that date back their relationship with our company back in the 1800s we first started serving customers here in the region in 1881. But let me tell you what I'm confident about SG&E is well-positioned to be the best partner for the city. I think the three things that we've tried to talk about with the team at SDG&E is that's a company that leads our nation in clean energy with rooftop solar here locally at a 15% penetration rate that's a remarkable number and a credit to the support from the utility and historically we've always been charging roughly 45% procurement for renewable generation which is also an industry-leading position. In the last 14 years, we've been consistently named the number one utility in the West for a liability and that goes back to your safety and safety metrics where we have a really outsized lead compared to other utilities and finally just two or three weeks ago we were named the number one investor on utility United States at SDG&E for their commitment and demonstrated expertise in innovation technology. So if you think about some of our accomplishments Steven you followed the company for a long period of time, I think the one thing that's kind of common about our success historically has been the broad partnership that San Diego gas electric has with the local [IBW] and labor generally. This is a century-old partnership here in San Diego that's always privileged safety and good improved utility practice and procedure. I think it's been central to our success and I think as we approach this opportunity with the city we're going to approach it from the standpoint that you're always good to have a little dose of humility and try to find the best way to put your foot forward. Our goal is to put the best value proposition from the city and we have a fair amount of confidence we can do that. 
Jeff Martin: Well, I would be pleased to answer that. I would say that in the past and currently we have had no formal discussions regarding M&A activities. It is not in our field of view currently. I think what you should hear from my prior comments is that we have, what we think is a unique opportunity in our industry with really unparalleled visibility to our capital employment through 2024 and in Part Julian that goes back to the quality of the rate case. We got at SoCalGas and SDG&E last year. Our goal is to fund that capital program, meet our credit commitments that we've been pretty clear about relative to credit rating agencies and protecting our balance sheet. If we have opportunities where we can move capital or defer capital within our program, you should expect us to be opportunistic with their own stock but in general when you think your stock is trading at such a deep discount as we think ours is we should be trying to find every opportunity we can to repurchase that. So I'm not making commitments about how we will use the $2 billion of authority from our board but I am telling you that our focus is on number one the organic growth program that we have and right now it makes a lot more sense to buy something at a discount before you'd allocate capital something you'd be buying at a premium.
Jeff Martin: I think that the invitation to bid falls under the auspices of the mayor's office. I think there's a meeting in San Diego tomorrow where the level approach to the ITB or the investment to bid is being presented to the council. Yet another opportunity for a lot of open transparent input from the council to that process and probably over the next two to four weeks the invitation to bid would come out and then we would expect to participate in that process with the view that we would be submitting bid some time probably in the second half of October but look. I can tell you that this has been a priority for our company for a long period of time. These are types of discussions that have been going on for years not weeks or months and there is a lot of commitment to make sure that don't take these types of things for granted and I think we're very-very proud of our company at SDG&E and its commitment to the community. And as I said in my prior comments is the best way you're successful and obviously we manage 300 of these up and down the state of California is you approach them Julia with a little bit of humility and always from the mindset that we have a chance to get better and our job as a modern energy company to find new and better ways to serve customers and that's exactly the approach that the SDG&E will be taking with the city.
Jeff Martin: That's a great strategic question. This is one that we review with our board on a periodic basis. We've even got discussions with our board on the same topic later this year. Look we certainly privilege the utility side of our business. It represents roughly 80% of our earnings stack. What intrigues this and I mentioned this one of the earlier calls is as we think about our IEnova business we certainly think there is going to be a lot of reassuring and onshoring. I had a good fortune of attending the Bilal discussions and dinner with President Trump and President Lopez Obrador just a couple weeks ago and there's a tremendous amount of collaboration taking place across all three nations under USMCA and a lot of opportunity for new business and factories and particularly in the pharmaceutical industry to relocate here. So I think it's intriguing for us to think about how we look at the IEnova business which we also think is undervalued we have been actively inside IEnova business buying back those shares. So there's a share repurchase program that has been underway there as well quite active this year by the way and as we think about our LNG business. So there is more work to be done here but I think one of the things that's intriguing is probably less about whether the percentage is 80% of the mix or 90% of the mix but Jeremy what made me more interesting is how you make sure that those businesses that are not utilities are not consuming the balance sheet of the parent company. So you see I've seen other companies in our sector do this but the more we can think about having access to the unique growth profile that we have in our unregulated businesses and increasingly over time make sure it's not impacting our parent company and that debt is off balance sheet I think that's a real opportunity for our company.
Jeff Martin: I'll be glad to provide some comments and that's if Justin if you'll make some color I'll pass it to you in a second but what I would say interesting if you start Jeremy at the macro level, what's unique is that the northern hemisphere had a very mild winter. Storage levels as we came into the late spring were relatively full and you've seen an impact in natural gas demand globally related to the pandemic. I think the most recent IEA forecasts are expecting natural gas demand to decline for the year by about 4% but what's interesting inside the LNG category it's actually gone up. So global demand for LNG in the first half of the year is one of the few commodities it's actually up close to 2% U.S. LNG exports for this six month period compared to last year are up 70% and that's a function a lot of the new capacity has come online in the last 12 to 18 months including Cameron and interestingly Europe's consumption of LNG is up 18% in the first six months. So there's clearly an opportunity where LNG is actually price competitive. So many countries indigenous supply of natural gas Thailand would be an example. They're landing LNG at a price that's cheaper in Thailand and they can actually produce it in their own economy. So I think that there is continued green shoots and optimism about LNG but what we've been trying to focus on and I think our LNG team has been pretty redundant on this is we've always had a long-held view that that second wave of LNG infrastructure which is intended to allow for deliveries in the middle part of the decade that is a very real opportunity. The LNG is going to play a very-very big role in reformulating the energy stack globally. Roughly 80% of future energy demand will come from the developing world and I think this market is going to be led by Asia and specifically China and the subcontinent of India. So there's a big opportunity there and I think this pandemic, if anything is causing some LNG buyers to delay their decision and it's also causing other infrastructure providers to get behind or fall by the wayside. So I think we've got a strong balance sheet. We have a very clear-eyed vision of what we want to accomplish in LNG and it always comes back to what your competitive advantages are and I think our approach of having competitive low-cost brownfield sites that can just dispatch directly into the Pacific and directly into Atlantic is an advantage that no other LNG infrastructure provider has in North America but let me stop there and Justin if you'd like to provide a little bit of color about where we're at with both ECA contracts, Cameron expansion contracts in Port Arthur.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Look I think Sempra has been an investor in Mexico for 22 years. We have roughly a $10 billion investment in Mexico in all aspects of the energy infrastructure business. It continues to be a country that we think has a great macro story. This is the number 15 economy in the world pre-COVID our internal forecast felt Sophie that this might be as a number 7 economy in the world by 2040. Remember it's 130 million consumers and it's one of the fastest growing consumer markets in the western hemisphere. You raised some good points. There certainly has been some disruption in terms of how the Marina party has been administering the government and his approach to energy generally like I tell you I had the good fortune of going to dinner with President López Obrador and President Trump two weeks ago there is true warmth and authenticity to that relationship. Obviously the conversation two years ago or three years ago was more around the border and today there is broad recognition of the joint opportunity between both countries as they've set a priority of being able to bring back business and factories from Asia. So I think there's a real near-term opportunity for collaboration and we think there's an opportunity for energy companies like ours. They're not really a Canadian or U.S. or Spanish or Italian company. This is a Mexican business that we own 67% of in Mexico. It's one of the top 10 or 12 companies on the Balsa. They have scale. They've got great relationships. They've got the expertise and our goal is to make sure that we put forward a great value proposition every time we have the opportunity to work with the government. As you know our business down there is increasing one of a bilateral business with CNI customers and increasingly less reliance on the state-owned agency. So I think near-term there is a lack of clarity around some of the policies that can impact the marketplace. We think the long-term macro story is intact.
Jeff Martin: Well, it's a good question. I will start by telling you I don't have a perfect view of what the right answer is. I think the analogy that we've talked about on our senior team is photovoltaics. So photovoltaics have been pursued by our interest industry going back to the 1960s and it was that Sempra that we launched the first large-scale central station project in 2008, Stephen you may recall that was the copper melting project. It was 10 megawatts. So that was 2008 and today it's not uncommon to see a 500 megawatt project that's really, really price competitive and very much more price competitive than traditional fossil fire generation. So if we think about hydrogen we see a similar opportunity. It clearly is early on the green hydrogen side. At best it's the second half of this coming decade but a lot will determine on the cost curve and how much advances are made on the R&D side. I think given that uncertainty it's important that not just Sempra but a lot of other companies spend time and resources here because I think we have the chance to impact that cost curve and impact the commercial viability of green hydrogen and particularly when you think about California where we have periods of the year where we're long renewable resources and they cannot be used and you're actually trying to export them or pay contiguous states like Arizona take that power, we have a real inefficiency certain times of the year and that production profile overlays very nicely with green hydrogen. So look I think if there is going to be a breakthrough and there is going to be any development that moves it forward in time California is the place where it will happen.
Jeff Martin: I think those are all good points. I'll probably just conclude with the fact that just seven months ago we got maybe one of the best general rate cases we've ever gotten at SoCalGas. So they're very much privileged in system reliability and safety. They've got a 9 plus percent CAGR of capital deployment inside their rate base. So it's a pretty aggressive program they have going on. In fact, across all three of our utilities when you think about our capital program we have average rate based growth forecasting for the next five years of 9%.
Jeff Martin: Yes. My initial instinct is no but let me give you a little bit of color. Going back to the end of 2017, 80% of our earnings composition came from California. When we project out our earnings growth through 2022 roughly 50% of our earnings competition comes to California and I think what makes me feel good about the California story Michael is if you look at the remedial measures that we're taking to make sure that we're not exposed to wildfire risk financially particularly if you're prudent that's really important. I think I would govern my view of it Mike by the quality of the rate case we got. And you've heard us talk about this before but you got a remarkable rate case for SDG&E and SoCalGas. You also have a really high quality cost of capital. SDG&E's average cost of capital when you blend in the first cost of capital is about 10.4% and then you've got this kind of runway now for really a five-year deployment of your revenue requirement which we never have before. So as long as I've been around the business I've never been able to have that clear of a runway for what our authorized spending level is. So I go back to the cost of capital, the rate case, the remedial measures to make sure that we've mitigated risk in the environment and overall one thing I think that people miss sometimes Michael and we've been kind of jealous about it here at our company is, the key for utilities is to make sure you're in markets that have a lot of economic expansion, population growth and great regulation and when you measure those three categories California still looks like a premium market as does Texas. So we're pleased to have kind of a tier 1 position here in a tier 1 position in Texas is that underlying economic growth not just capital deployed for safety or reliability it gives you this long-term opportunity to deploy capital.
Jeff Martin: Right. So what we've said publicly in the past now I'll review it with you is we've talked about having just from Cameron itself a $400 million to $450 million a year run rate I think in our latest estimates Michael, I might revise that to be a little bit higher we have some more work to be done on that. We think we have much more clear vision to the runway for it going forward. I think that over the next couple years 2021 it goes up quite significantly it's closer to 650 million and then it has a steady state around 450 to 475. So over the life of the project it's going to be greater than $12 billion of cash after debt service. On a run rate basis it's going to be closer to the high end of that 400 to 450 and the next year just because of how some of the amortization schedules work you're going to have a little higher cash back to the company in 2021.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think one of the things I go back to Ryan was you may recall we were all together virtually in our investor day. We talked about the A system we have to prioritize our activities really around trying to deliver our financial goals and I think if you think about 2019. we set forward an EPS guidance range and during the year we got into the high end of the range and we were very pleased Ryan that we were able to exceed that range on our February calls when we announced our Q4 results. This year you'll call we set a guidance range for 2020 and we've been able to guide higher in that range on the May call and then on June 30s we guided and actually adjusted our range actually raised in the low end of our range by $0.50. So as we think about 2021 I think we're pleased today Ryan to affirm our guidance for 2021 we have some more work to be done here but we have an evergreen planning process. It goes on constantly and I think that what Alan characterize for 2021 is we're on our front foot. You're going to have positive uplift from Cameron moving to full run rate. You're going to have the earnings from South America will get backed out for 2021. We feel good about it we just have more work to be done and if we get through that work it seems like we should adjust the 2021 number we will I think our pattern in practice Ryan has been to under promise and then work really, really hard to exceed expectations.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I'll start with the credit metrics and I'll pass it to Trevor talk about the weighted average share repurchase price but we've been pretty consistent our credit metrics during our slide presentation today. We remain on track to meet those by the end of the year and those have been commitments we've made over multiple years. So we don't see any change to the credit metrics but perhaps Trevor you could speak to the repurchase program.
Jeff Martin: And the best way I would comment on that Ryan, if you want to kind of a short form approach is that we've laid out a capital program in that capital program we were able to move some capital out this year into future years that was a $500 million shift in our capital deployment and what we really did was redeploy that capital right into buying our shares at what we think is a very attractive price.
Jeff Martin: Anthony, it's actually a very interesting question. I would probably frame it by saying that the last authorization that we are working on with our board was put in place in 2007. It really gave management the opportunity to look for points in time where we thought the stock was undervalued. I think we're certainly one of those points of time today I mean we're very, very bullish on how attractively our stock is priced today. I don't know that I would associate it directly with LNG but I think the way we've described our capital allocation process this year where we fund our first order priorities particularly around our utilities we make a commitment to pay down parent debt and deliver our credit metrics to the rating agencies. If there's opportunities either from a sale or divestiture of an asset or cash flow from other parts of our business or deferrals of CapEx we will always be looking for opportunities periodically to be opportunistic to support our stock.
Jeff Martin: Sure. I would say that we have 11 members on the board on IEnova six come from Sempra plus Carlos, [indiscernible] and Tanya we are very active in terms of how they build their capital program, how they manage their balance sheet. Certainly when you think about that business it's very rare in Mexico to see a business of this scale with U.S. dollar denominated revenues and when you think about the tenor of that portfolio they've really been able to assemble a very, very attractive basket of assets and remember our long-term goal is we don't want to invest outside of our utilities unless we think that we can risk adjust those cash flows to match the expectations from a risk reward standpoint of our U.S. based utility. So the one development that's taking place down there that kind of goes to the issue you're speaking that is over time we now have the majority of our revenues coming from non-government entities and I think we see that trend continuing over time and I think there will be periods in our investments in Mexico where we slow our capital spending. We preserve asset value and we leverage the value of our dividend for purposes of our shareholders but the long-term story is intact and maybe Faisel I know you're on the board of directors and maybe you can provide some thought in terms of how they manage the balance sheet and expectations in terms of creating value in Mexico.
Jeff Martin: This is Jeff. I would just make a couple comments. Number one is it's a novel request. So traditionally state-owned enterprises had the domain and responsibility for the export of hydrocarbons. This would be the first permit that they've issued that authorizes the export of hydrocarbons by private entity; number one. Number two, the government has largely been shut down because of the pandemic. I think Mexico today ranks number three in the world in terms of impacts from the virus in deaths. So they've been going through a really difficult situation economically and that's impacted obviously the function of the government but I would say this and I've mentioned it several times, I think that all the things that you expect us to be doing as a company both at Sempra and at IEnova in terms of relationships and value proposition and following up with folks we're doing that. I wish we could have delivered the snare permit in Q4 of last year. This thing has gone on a little bit further than you would probably think reasonable but look there is been a lot of extenuating circumstances. The conversations remain quite positive and I'm optimistic that we'll get to permit later in Q3.
Jeff Martin: I would probably say Paul, the most probable answer is the simplest answer which is in this case the franchise in the city charter requires a competition. It requires they go out and compete to. So I don't know how this is done in other jurisdictions but in San Diego this is a requirement in the city charge. This is not like an anomaly that they're doing something outside of what they're required to do and our approach really is to make sure that we as I indicated earlier we approached this with a dose of humility we put forward a really-really attractive partnership campaign. I think you can look at other jurisdictions I think board of Colorado as an example many big things turn into very extended long-term contests. We don't think that's desirable for anyone and I think what we want to do is use this Paul as an opportunity for our company to get better and reassess our strengths and make sure we put forward commitment that we can stand behind. We can take a century-old relationship and make it better.
Jeff Martin: I don't know if I would characterize it as litigation. I can tell you that our focus and attention is on controlling what we can control which is we want to put forward the best most compelling value propositions in the city. These are our neighbors. This is a place we care about a lot. So we're going to play to win Paul and I think that's the 100% focus of our attention.
Jeff Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call. Most importantly I hope each of you stay safe and healthy. Feel free for custom to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. Thank you again.
