Jeffrey Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. Earlier this summer, Sempra celebrated its 25th anniversary. While the company was founded in 1998, our operational routes at San Diego Gas & Electric and SoCalGas date back to the late 1800s. Over that time, we've embraced a strong commitment to serving others, delivering energy with purpose and bettering our communities.  Today, we have 3 premium growth platforms located in what we believe are the most attractive markets in North America. And looking forward to the next 25 years, we're really excited about the opportunities in front of us to modernize and expand our energy network so that we can deliver increasingly clean, affordable and reliable energy to our customers.  This year, we also published our 15th corporate sustainability report, emphasizing how our sustainable business practices help mitigate risk and unlock new opportunities as we continue executing on our record $40 billion 5-year capital plan, which, you'll recall, only includes Sempra's proportionate share of the capital. Today, Sempra has multiple tailwinds supporting our growth and income equity story, and we're confident in our ability to continue delivering high-quality earnings and dividend growth to our shareholders.  That brings me back to the quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported second quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $1.88 and year-to-date 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $4.80. As you'll recall, we discussed the company's 2023 and 2024 guidance on our first quarter call in May. And based on the strength of our results across the first half of the year, we're pleased to affirm both our 2023 and 2024 guidance ranges and our projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%.  Also, just yesterday, Sempra's Board approved a 2-for-1 stock split with the distribution date on August 21. The split does not impact our reported results for the second quarter, but it's important to note that in the third quarter, our historical and future financial results will reflect the post-split share count.  For the last several years, we've had one of the highest stock prices in the S&P 500 Utility Index. So with the planned split, we believe it will increase our trading volume and provide more accessibility for a broader group of investors to join us on our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company.  Please turn to the next slide. When Sempra began its journey in 1998, we had a relatively modest rate base of roughly $5 billion. And across the last 2.5 decades, we've been successful in transforming the size and scale of Sempra's overall portfolio while also simplifying our business model. Today, we own $45 billion of rate base and over $80 billion of assets with an investment focus on what we believe is the higher-value, lower-risk portion of the energy value chain or transmission and distribution assets.  I'd also note that Sempra's businesses are located in contiguous markets in the southwestern tier of North America and really benefit from strong economic growth across the region. Our strategy focuses on investing in regulated utilities that are decoupled from direct commodity exposure and long-term contracted energy infrastructure while avoiding the volatility associated with commodities and the uncertainties facing legacy generation facilities.  In other words, our core value proposition focuses on investing in the transmission and distribution backbone of North America and helping to efficiently move energy from producers to customers. Finally, our T&D utility investments benefit from constructive regulatory mechanisms with competitive returns on equity and the timely return of capital.  Sempra Infrastructure's business is underpinned by long-term contracts with world-class counterparties that are expected to provide steady recurring cash flows. Taken together, our 3 platforms provide great visibility to high-quality, long-term earnings growth which is aligned with our overall mission to continue building out the premier energy infrastructure company in North America.  Please turn to the next slide, where Trevor will walk you through both our business and financial results.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question. And I certainly agree with you. This has been a very constructive legislative cycle in Texas, and I would start at the very beginning by really expressing our appreciation to Allen and his team. They deserve a lot of credit. They had been doing an exceptional job on the ground there. They're clearly seeing a lot more growth on the system, Shar, and I'll have Allen speak to some of that growth in a second.  But we would look forward to refreshing the Oncor plan this fall and providing future updates from Sempra's perspective in February. I do think you may find it helpful though, and I want to mention, as a rule of thumb, the DCRF legislation is expected to improve Oncor earnings in our estimation, around $70 million to $90 million on a full year basis, which falls within our current guidance.  But as I mentioned, we'll be updating for 2025 on our February call. Also, it may be helpful that as a ballpark reference, every incremental $100 million of capital added to the plant in Texas is expected to add approximately $0.01 of accretion to Sempra on a pre-split basis.  But Allen, it might be helpful to Shar, if you just provide a little bit of visibility into the growth that you're seeing on the system and your future expectations.
Jeffrey Martin: So Shar, I'll just make the kind of concluding comment here that we've guided to $70 million to $90 million of incremental earnings associated with the DCF legislation. We talked about the accretion associated with the $100 million of capital in Texas.  And to highlight, I think, a couple of key things from Allen's comments. We've effectively doubled the rate base from 2017 to 2022. And I think Allen highlighted this, but there's more work to be done this fall with our planning team, but we have a real opportunity to more than double their rate base a second time in the next 5 to 6 years.  So we've got some more planning work to be done. But we look forward to working with the Oncor Board and finalizing his roll-forward 5-year capital plan and certainly coming back and updating how we think about that from Sempra's perspective in February.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you, Shar. I'll kind of address both of those questions. I think the thought process behind the stock split is that we currently have the highest stock price in the S&P 500 Utility Index as we celebrate our 25th anniversary, this is the first time that we've announced a stock split for the company.  We certainly, to your point, think it will improve trading volumes and make the stock more accessible to a broader group of investors. So we view it just generally as a positive. And I think it really reflects management's bullish view on our future business prospects.  Turning to your issue of strategy, and I'll come back to Mexico. Our Board reviews our strategy at every Board meeting. It's been a top focus of our management team for the last 5 years. And it's allowed us to simplify our business model, improve our visibility to future growth.  When you think about the updates that Allen just provided and some of the things from our prepared remarks, we feel great about our growth and income story. And we have more work to do, as I indicated, with Allen's team to continue to think about the growth prospects in his business.  Turning to Mexico. This kind of goes to the issue of what our prioritization is. And Justin mentioned this in his prepared remarks, but by combining Mexico with LNG, we created a business of larger scale with what are effectively midstream assets, with approximately 17 to 18 years' tenure in that overall contract portfolio. So it's a really high-quality portfolio of cash flows.  But as we look to finance our future, there's no question that we're going to continue to prioritize the growth in our utilities. We've demonstrated a willingness to sell down in the capital structure to SI. And I think we've done that quite efficiently in the past 2 years. And opportunities like you identified and continue to capital recycle, that's right in our wheelhouse.  So we'll continue to look for assets. They are less core to our future strategy. And that will always be something that we'll take a hard look at with Trevor and his team. So we feel good about our strategy going forward, and we appreciate the question.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. Appreciate the question. You'll recall that in 2022, we really had a banner year. We reported around $9.21 of adjusted EPS. And reporting $4.80 for this year, we think, is a very strong number. So we think we've had a strong first half, a good first quarter. We feel great about our guidance.  Honestly, one of the things that we're focused on as a management team in Kevin's business is making sure that we execute very well around our rate cases here in the State of California. And we mentioned on the call that we expect to finalize that in the middle of next summer, with rates retroactive to January 1. So I think we feel very good about where we're at this year. I think it also signals strength to our guidance for next year.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I appreciate that question. We actually think, very similar to Texas, there's a very strong underlying growth story in California. We highlighted in our prepared remarks, but SDG&E has seen year-over-year demand growth of about 3%. I've been at the company since 2004. We've never seen that type of growth. And it really is a reflection of the electrification that's taken place in the state.  On your issue of whether the $500 million of incremental transmission projects are in our 5-year plan. Just remember, our current plan goes through 2027. We're going to roll that plan forward next February. This is really the CAISO's efforts to lock in the needed transmission, the need for the next 10 years.  So most of these projects will be outside of our current 5-year plan and be picked up in future periods. But I thought, Kevin, it might be helpful to give your perspective on the transmission opportunities here in the state and specifically the larger numbers that Durgesh just spoke to.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I'll make a few comments. I'll pass it to Justin maybe to provide a larger overview of his LNG development program. But I would just start by saying, Julien, the best way to think about it is we were on a call very similar to this in August of last year where we were talking about the potential for Port Arthur Phase 1 to leapfrog Cameron. And we were not, at that time, prepared to make an FID estimate for Port Arthur, but we felt good about the progress.  We're probably in a similar position today. We've got more work to be done on both of our brownfield projects, Cameron expansion as well as Port Arthur 2, but we're making significant progress. We're very excited to have selected Bechtel. Bechtel is doing a wonderful job, and he's been on site at Port Arthur for probably close to 5 years at this point.  So I think that's a big step forward for us to have Bechtel in-house working with us on finalizing cost and design work. And Justin, maybe you could do 2 things, update us on the overall LNG portfolio for Julien's benefit and maybe provide additional details about how you're thinking about timing.
Jeffrey Martin: And then I would just conclude, Julien, by saying that we're going to finalize costs around Cameron expansion. We're going to complete the commercial arrangements and continue to progress our permits and look to take FID next year on Cameron.  The most important thing I'd always remind folks is, it's never really a race. It's about putting all the risk in a box and optimizing the project to produce the best returns for our investors. And we've demonstrated the ability to do that. And we've got a great team on it. So we feel good about our progress on both Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron expansion.
Jeffrey Martin: No, I would just clarify that I was reminding ourselves that when we had this call last year, there was still a fair amount of uncertainty around both projects, and we indicated there might be an opportunity for Port Arthur Phase 1 to leapfrog forward. What I'm really referring to is, even though there seems like there's a little bit of uncertainty around both of these brownfield projects, I can assure you that both of them are progressing in advance of what we've said publicly.  So we feel very good about both of them going forward, just like we were able to mature Port Arthur Phase 1. We're going to work diligently on Cameron expansion and Port Arthur Phase 2 with the hope of doing the same thing on both of those projects.
Jeffrey Martin: No. I mean this goes back to kind of how we tend to finance things. I mean, obviously, as we've talked about before several times, Julien, we're going to maximize our operating cash flows. We've got a lot of flexibility in our overall capital structure to finance things. But you see us at a 50% ownership level in Cameron today. You've seen us now at a 28% ownership position for Sempra Infrastructure Partners in Port Arthur Phase 1.  But one of the unique things is we have the opportunity to optimize the capital structure so that we really improve the returns for our shareholders. So certainly, I think that's a pattern or practice you would expect us to continue.
Jeffrey Martin: No, we don't. We do think it's important for that FERC certificate to be issued. We certainly think that will be issued in the next month or 2. So we remain optimistic about that.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I think at Cove Point, what you saw take place was the transaction from minority interest. It was not a transaction related to a controlling interest. I think the thing I would fall back on, Jeremy, is when you look at what's taking place in the LNG marketplace today, in the world, has a global capacity of just below 400 million tonnes per annum. That marketplace will grow by more than 50% by the end of the decade and likely double by the middle of the century.  So the way we think about it is there is a need today for more LNG. That need will grow as countries around the world look for natural gas to balance out their commitment to cleaner fuels like renewables. We think the United States continues to have a competitive advantage, and we'll take market share. We are the world leader today in 2023. And when you think about the competitive price of natural gas in the United States, you think about the depth of our capital markets and the constructive regulation.  This is less about Cove Point or NextDecade or Sempra. This is about the United States taking a leadership position in the world. We think this business will continue to get much bigger. It's grown at about an 8% CAGR from '17 to 2021, and we continue to expect to see strong growth in LNG marketplace. And I think Sempra is well positioned as any company in North America to be a big part of it.
Jeffrey Martin: We're having commercial negotiations on Port Arthur Phase 2 as well as on some of the offtake arrangements around Cameron expansion. Many of the same type of customers you would expect in Europe and in Asia are part of those conversations. It is a very vibrant market today, and there's lots of conversations taking place by our marketing team. So we remain optimistic about future announcements in that area.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. I would say that we've named this project Titan. It's some recent port space that we've been able to acquire. It is a very competitive process in Louisiana and Texas to have these types of facilities. And Titan has been dedicated to serve the needs of Port Arthur Phase 1 and future phases at Port Arthur. We also expect that it will serve other third-party interest in the region.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. It's a really good question. And I will tell you, it is a very, very important development in Texas. We think it will be something that we will participate in once the rulemaking is set. But Allen, perhaps you could talk about the bill itself, when you think the rulemaking will be over and when you expect you'll put your first 3-year filing in front of the Commission.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I would just say that we had originally targeted between 20% and 30% ownership. Obviously, our goal is to own as much of the project as we can. So we are very pleased to guide up to the 28% range. Previously, on calls, we had talked about notionally just giving out information at the 25% level. But our goal all along was to make sure that we could land as high in the range as possible.  I think we're well set on financing. I'll pass it over to Faisel Khan, who's the CFO of Sempra Infrastructure, and maybe you can just update us on how he expects the Denali capital process to go forward and your funding for Port Arthur Phase 1.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a good question. We expect to make our second DCRF filing for this year in September. And the pickup for DCRF, which might be a little bit this year, will primarily be in 2024. So it will be a full run rate benefit in 2024, Steve.
Jeffrey Martin: That's correct. But we'll also -- we also review that with our Board in the ordinary course as part of our fall financing exercise. And you'll recall, we'll also be updating and issuing our 2025 guidance on the February call.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, as we close out today's call, I wanted to note that we're pleased with our financial results, both for the quarter and for the first half of the year. I certainly believe we continue to make great progress on our LNG story, and we're making progress at Phase 2 at both Cameron and Port Arthur and are also pleased to guide to the higher ownership percentage of 28% at Port Arthur Phase 1.  And as you can tell from today's call, Texas continues to be one of the leading growth stories in the country. And the improved regulatory compact there is a very strong signal, in my opinion, for continued investment. And finally, as we celebrate our 25th anniversary, we're pleased to announce our 2-for-1 stock split.  We appreciate everyone making time to join us this morning. We have several IR events this month in Wisconsin and Las Vegas and hope to see many of you there. This concludes our call, and feel free to follow up with our IR team. Thank you.
Justin Bird: Thank you, Trevor. Sempra Infrastructure was formed 2 years ago to streamline our business and bring together decades of energy infrastructure development and operating expertise under a single platform. Our increased scale positions us to capture new opportunities, create portfolio synergies and support the growth of North American energy markets.  There are 3 key trends that support these opportunities: decarbonization; energy security; and reshoring of manufacturing to North America, all of which give us confidence in the long-term growth profile of our business. Trade between the U.S. and Mexico continues to grow as a result of a strong reshoring trend. For example, a recent Reuters article identified more than $9 billion of capital that has flowed into Mexico from overseas manufacturers in the last 9 months.  And recently, Mexico surpassed Canada to become the largest trading partner of the U.S. Given our position as a leading player in North American energy infrastructure, we are well positioned to support growing cross-border trade with Mexico. More recently, we received several positive regulatory approvals across a number of our assets in Mexico, including in our energy networks and clean power segments.  Moving to projects under construction. Our teams have been busy with over 10 million accumulated hours worked without a lost-time incident. We expect these projects will come online over time, with GRO expansion and ECA targeting COD in the second half of 2024 and the summer of 2025, respectively. And finally, Port Arthur Phase 1 is also advancing as expected and continues to target commercial operations of Train 1 and Train 2 in '27 and 28, respectively.  Turning to LNG development at Cameron Phase 2. We're at a stage in the competitive feed process where we have selected Bechtel to move forward to complete the remaining work. We are aligned with our partners to invest additional time upfront to reduce construction risks and project costs. We expect this process to continue through the fall, positioning us to take FID next year after satisfactorily finalizing the additional FEED work, securing project financing and any required regulatory approvals.  The selection of Bechtel is a significant milestone and we're implementing a strategy similar to what we did at Port Arthur to reduce overall cost and risk to deliver another world-class LNG project. Also, we are pleased with the marketing and development at Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 and are particularly encouraged by recent comments made by the FERC Chairman in support of energy infrastructure projects needed for reliability.  Looking ahead, we're also expecting that Sempra Infrastructure Partners will finalize its project-level ownership stake in Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 at 28%. This is within the previously shared target range of 20% to 30%, and we expect the transaction with KKR to close in the third quarter.  Based on this updated ownership forecast for the project, Sempra Infrastructure Partners equity requirement is anticipated to be approximately $1.74 billion, and its proportionate share of EBITDA is estimated to be $460 million, which excludes certain upside economics such as Sempra Infrastructure's right to common facility payments from future phases.  Please turn to the next slide. At Port Arthur, we're developing a flagship energy hub that showcases the value of Sempra Infrastructure's world-class integrated capabilities. Sempra Infrastructure can leverage development and operational expertise across its portfolio to enhance the total value of Port Arthur. With 13 million tonnes per annum already under construction, Phase 2 is expected to double that capacity.  Further, we're leveraging the integrated capabilities of our business segments by developing the proposed Louisiana Connector pipeline, gas storage facilities, Titan Carbon Sequestration facility and an early-stage hydrogen project in the Port Arthur region. This comprehensive development approach supports the sustained growth of our energy infrastructure portfolio and is expected to help us capture a larger piece of the economics from the Port Arthur footprint.  At Port Arthur Phase 1, construction is well underway, with more than 2.7 million hours worked without a lost-time incident. Many of you are likely aware that our recent FERC request, which would enable Bechtel to expand staffing and work schedules to include 24-hour shifts, this provides for better optimization of construction activities, focusing on safety and allows for certain tasks to be completed at night, such as material deliveries and next-day site preparation. We also believe it will improve workflows and streamline schedules, so it's a mutually beneficial situation from our perspective.  With that, please turn to the next slide, where Trevor will discuss Sempra's financial results.
Justin Bird: Great. Well, thank you, Julien. Let me take a step back, as Jeff mentioned, again, our core strategy is to build an LNG infrastructure business. And that would be a business that offers customers LNG volumes from both the Pacific and Gulf Coast. And as you think about where we are to date, Cameron Phase 1 is producing in excess of 100% of its expected volumes. ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur Phase 1 are under construction, and both are proceeding safely and on schedule.  And as you look at our LNG development projects, look, we're very excited about the opportunity set in front of us. At Cameron Phase 2, as Jeff mentioned, the selection of Bechtel is a major milestone. And what we're doing with Bechtel is similar to what we did at Port Arthur. We, and our Cameron partners, will continue to conduct value engineering work through the fall as we finalize the EPC arrangements.  And again, you have to remember that the goal is to optimize the design so we can optimize the overall cost structure and timing of COD. These efforts should position us for an FID next year, subject to definitive commercial arrangements and any needed regulatory extensions. So as you think about that timing, we're going to press forward on the EPC arrangements.  And we -- I guess I would echo what Jeff said, we were in this position last year on Port Arthur 1, and we'll try to do the same thing. Looking at Port Arthur Phase 2, very optimistic. We continue to advance commercial discussions with potential customers. Importantly, many of whom are also interested in project equity.  And at the same time, we're advancing engineering construction with Bechtel, regulatory and financing. Julien, as I kind of think about the business and where we are today, I think the key takeaway is we have made significant progress on our LNG strategy and are very bullish on both Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron Phase 2 moving forward next year.
Justin Bird: Yes. Yes, Nick, we're still doing some of that engineering work. I'd say it's very positive. And as -- just as you recall, the debottlenecking won't be binary. So what we'll likely do, as we continue to take trains down for routine maintenance, we will do the debottlenecking activities during those trains, and we'll expect to see additional volumes. So again, debottlenecking is moving forward very positively.
Kevin Sagara: Thanks, Durgesh. Stepping back for a second, as Jeff's talking about it, clearly, the grids all across the country need significant upgrades as we move towards more electrification. In California, we've estimated that electric demand will more than double by 2045, with commensurate investments in grids. And as you mentioned, we're seeing that kind of load growth in San Diego already with a lot of adoption around electric vehicles.  So we're really excited about this recent announcement for the CAISO to add $7 billion. This is just like an incremental $7 billion of transmission opportunities. And as Trevor mentioned, $0.5 billion has already been directly awarded to SDG&E, and we're going to bid on those $2 billion to $3 billion of other projects.  And I'd note that across the Sempra family of companies, we're one of the largest owners and operators of high-voltage electric transmission in the country and really well positioned to be successful here in California as California continues this path of aggressive, aggressive investments to enhance and facilitate electrification.
Kevin Sagara: Well, it's going to be -- I think there's going to be a short list close to winter in December and then with something awarded early next year. So I think more to follow here, but there's a process that CAISO is going to follow. And like I said, I'm pretty optimistic, and we're going to be very competitive.
Kevin Sagara: I mean just process-wise, Carly, I just would mention that we also just updated our filings for inputs from inflation factors, labor rates, medical insurance costs and the like. So we just updated them. We're going to have a refile this fall and look forward for a PD in the first part of -- mid-next year, first part of the year.
