Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. Against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment, our company remains focused on executing our T&D investment strategy in our core markets. Sempra California is preparing to submit GRC filings at both SDG&E and SoCalGas later this month, focused on providing safe, reliable and cleaner energy to its 26 million consumers.  Turning to Texas, Oncor is executing on its record 5-year capital plan focused on critical T&D infrastructure investments across its service territory to support strong demographic growth and plans to file its rate case later this month. And at Sempra Infrastructure, they're developing a platform that's uniquely positioned to export LNG directly from the Gulf and Pacific Coast to customers in Europe and Asia.  The recent tragic events unfolding in Ukraine have highlighted the need for secure access to reliable sources of cleaner energy and Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to be part of the solution. Our strategy of investing in T&D infrastructure to expand and modernize North America's energy systems across each of our 3 growth platforms is continuing to drive our record $36 billion, 5-year capital plan and has helped us deliver another quarter of strong financial results.  Also in April, we completed $250 million of share repurchases under our existing board authorization. In the last 6 months, we've returned $750 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases, which taken together with our dividend program, demonstrates our commitment to returning value to our owners while remaining focused on investing in and growing our businesses as part of the disciplined capital allocation strategy.  Shifting to our quarter results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $2.91. We're also affirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance range for 2022 and our EPS guidance range for 2023. Please turn to the next slide.  I'd now like to briefly highlight some of the key strategic advantages of our T&D portfolio. Sempra's 3 growth platforms are strategically positioned in highly attractive and contiguous markets in North America and serve one of the largest utility consumer bases in the United States. Our strong position helps create momentum for critical investments in advancing safety, reliability and cleaner energy as the global energy market continues to evolve. We also believe our platforms will play an important role in building the energy systems of the future.  Please turn to the next slide where I'll turn the call over to Lisa to provide an update on our sustainable business practices.
Jeffrey Martin: The part I'd like to review for the investment community is against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment, our company remains focused on executing our T&D investment strategy in our core markets. Sempra California is preparing to submit GRC filings at both SDG&E and SoCalGas later this month, focused on providing safe, reliable and cleaner energy to its 26 million consumers.  Turning to Texas, Oncor is executing on its record 5-year capital plan focused on critical T&D infrastructure investments across its service territory to support strong demographic growth and plans to file its rate case later this month. At Sempra Infrastructure, they're developing a platform that's uniquely positioned to export LNG directly from the Gulf and Pacific Coasts to customers in Europe and Asia. The recent tragic events unfolding in Ukraine have highlighted the need for secure access to reliable sources of cleaner energy, and Sempra Infrastructure is well positioned to be part of the solution.  Our strategy of investing in T&D infrastructure to expand and modernize North America's energy systems across each of our 3 growth platforms is continuing to drive our record $36 billion, 5-year capital plan and has helped us deliver another quarter of very strong financial results. Also in April, we completed $250 million of share repurchases under our existing Board authorization.  Now in the last 6 months, we've returned $750 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases, which, taken together with our dividend program, demonstrates our commitment to returning value to our owners while remaining focused on investing in and growing our businesses as part of a disciplined capital allocation strategy.  Shifting to our quarter results. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 adjusted earnings per share of $2.91. We're also affirming our full year adjusted EPS guidance range for 2022 and our EPS guidance range for 2023. So these remarks should be read together with the remarks we made earlier this morning.  And turning back to you, Shar. Based on the nature of question, I want to agree with you. Look, we're very excited about the Cameron Phase 2 project. There was a flurry of activity in the first quarter that I think gives us a lot more confidence today about that project's ability to move forward. We have estimated that by putting together 2 competitive EPC contractors, that additional time will improve the scope, it will improve the definitive detail around the engineering and help us have a better project in the long run.  And I oftentimes use and what is probably a poor metaphor, Shar, when we refer to golf, the goal is not to play 18 rounds of golf in 2 hours. The goal is to basically shoot the lowest possible score. And we've been in this business for just over 15 years. And when it comes to executing on the LNG project, all the planning upfront makes a tremendous amount of difference. So right now, we're estimating that, that EPC work will come together in the summer of 2023. And soon thereafter, we'll take FID.  So I think the key takeaway really is, as you described, we've added a lot more detail to our execution plans, and the probability that this project go forward has increased significantly in the last quarter.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, it's a great question. Let me try to take it in a couple of pieces here. I'll start at the very top and say that we're one of the few developers in the U.S. LNG community that has a shot at delivering up to 30 million tons per annum of new capacity to the marketplace. And what I'd like to do, Shar, is let me just give you a quick overview of what we're seeing in the macro environment for LNG. And then I'll pass it to Justin. And Justin, I think it will be helpful if you just start on Slide 13 and walk the audience through your entire development pipeline.  But for those of you who have been following our company for the last 3 to 5 years, we've often discussed our forecast of a second wave of U.S. LNG development that would be necessary by the middle of this decade. And when you have properly functioning markets, they tend to pull forward both risk and opportunity. I think that's what we're seeing today.  In this case, with the tragic war in Ukraine, the sanctions against Russia highlights several considerations. First, today, Europe benefits from about 18 million cubic feet per day of Russian gas. And if you were being asked to replace all of that and you convert that to capacity, that would be 127 million tons per annum of new capacity that's required to supply Europe. That would be more than double. All of the existing plans are on the table in the United States LNG community.  So a couple of highlights as I thought about it is a clear takeaway is that energy security is a foundational component to transitioning toward a clean energy future. The second takeaway is European markets are clearly net short LNG in the near and medium term, and that's clearly showing up in a record strip of foreign prices -- forward prices all across the curve. And finally, strong growth continues in Asia, and over the long term, I want to emphasize that Asia remains the #1 growth market for U.S. LNG.  With these considerations in mind, I believe the U.S. LNG community is in the best position to respond to the needs of both markets, and that's why we're actively pursuing commercial arrangements with both European and Asian buyers, and that's why we've had a high number of market announcements in the last quarter.  And Justin, if you don't mind, let's just walk through Slide 13 and give a comprehensive overview of the development we have underway.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you, Durgesh. And I'll start with part one of your question first. I think if you go back over the last 4, 5 years, we've been successful in growing our earnings per share at a CAGR of 11%. And to do that, we really reshuffled our portfolio, sold down noncore assets. And in the last 18 months, you've seen us consolidated our unregulated business under one platform.  And the reason we formed Sempra Infrastructure was we thought there was an opportunity to do 3 things: simplify the business model, consolidate those cash flows and create an investment-grade balance sheet and bring in and diversify the capital structure with a view toward highlighting value for owners. So we've notched that in the ADIA transaction at roughly an $18 billion equity value. In terms of sell-downs, I'd like to get the ADIA deal done first before we consider that. But right now, we have such a wonderful slate of growth in front of us.  We're very happy with our current 3 platforms, and we're very happy to own 70% of that business going forward. And as we go forward in time, we'll always work with our Board of Directors to look at opportunities to continue to optimize that business. But in terms of financing, one of the benefits of consolidating the IEnova platform with LNG and establish an investment-grade balance sheet is that business is now self-funded.  And I thought it would be helpful, Faisel, as the CFO of Sempra Infrastructure, perhaps you could give them an example of how you think about financing these projects on your own balance sheet.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I will frame this for you and pass it to Justin for the specific response. As you recall that we built roughly a 3,000-megawatt growth portfolio of renewables that we transacted on in 2018 and 2019. And this is a business we know very, very well. Our focus in the renewable space is on selective market opportunities where we think we can produce the right types of hurdle rates. This is a very, very margin-constrained business from Sempra's perspective.  So as we think about a $36 billion capital program, our first dollars go into funding our utility growth. And inside Justin's business, we'll be very selective about the renewable opportunities that we do pursue and making sure we do it in a capital-efficient way with partners.  But maybe, Justin, you could talk about your Clean Power business and why the Total MOU has a positive opportunity for us.
Jeffrey Martin: No, I was going to say thank you, but your summary of that's accurate. It's California, Mexico-focused.
Jeffrey Martin: The only point that I would clarify for you, Steve, too, is that these projects tend to have something in the neighborhood of a 48-month to 50-month window for construction, so once you take FID.  And secondly, Justin conveyed that accurately, the debottlenecking, because it will be a series of ongoing projects which are conducted concurrent with construction, you'd expect to see the benefit of that 1 million-tonne per annum that we're targeting start to show up across multiple periods between 2024, 2025 and 2026.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, sure. I would say taking you back, Steve, to the Q4 call, you'll recall that we had completed about $500 million of share repurchases in December of 2021 and in January of 2022. And as part of that, we committed to a long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. I cited earlier on the call that over the last 5 years, we've grown at roughly 11% in terms of our EPS. So I'm quite comfortable reaffirming our expectation that we are quite comfortable growing this business long term between 6% and 8%.  But we indicated on the Q4 call that we would complete $1 billion share repurchase before the end of 2023. And I would just say at this point, nothing has changed as it relates to that forecast. We've simply brought forward $250 million of that targeted amount. The key takeaway from my perspective and from Trevor's perspective is we're excited to be executing our $36 billion capital program. And we view our dividend program, Steve, together with these periodic share repurchases, is a great way to return value to our shareholders along the way.
Jeffrey Martin: No, I think there's a very clear message. And you recall back when our stock was trading at a different price in Q2, Q3, Q4 of last year, we've been fairly consistent about our view of our ability to grow this business at a rate faster than our peers. And in combination, we think we have a very unique growth and income story. We thought that we were undervalued in Q4, and that's one of the reasons we put some dollars to work in the share repurchase program. And if you look at where we were trading relative to the peer group in Q4 of last year, we're just as deeply discounted at this moment in time to our peer group as we were back in Q4. So there's a strong view on this management team that this stock should trade consistent with the peer group or better. And that's one of the reasons we're very comfortable going in the marketplace to continue our share repurchase program.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes. Thank you for the question and we don't mind providing additional color. I think that -- I think I just want to convey that we've been in this business for close to 2 decades and we understand what it takes to get the project done. I'm very pleased that we got ECA Phase 1 moving forward in Q4 of 2020. We've made a lot of progress recently on all of our projects.  But the ones I would focus on is, number one, it's really, really important to this management team and our Board of Directors that we execute our existing capital campaign, and our largest project today is underway at ECA Phase 1. So our top priority is to execute on the existing FID that we took on that project.  Secondly, we spent a lot of airtime in the last 3 or 4 earnings calls talking about Cameron expansion. It truly has a cost advantage in the marketplace. So the ability to basically add one train and effectively, with debottlenecking, 7 million tonnes per annum is a remarkable opportunity against the backdrop of the world being short LNG, particularly at this moment in time in Europe. And then beyond that, we are clearly looking at all the different opportunities around Vista Pacifico and Port Arthur. But I think the thing I always want to convey is we are very, very disciplined. And I gave a poor golf analogy earlier, but from our standpoint, it's not always a race. We think that there's a lot of value and there's a lot of customers in the marketplace that want to work with a company that has a strong balance sheet and a strong record -- a track record and is focused on doing things the right way.  So we think we have a unique position in the marketplace. We don't think about it from a speed perspective, but we think about it from executing with deliberation and the right values to make sure that we can deliver the best risk-adjusted cash flows to our investors. So right now, the focus is making sure we execute on our existing construction program, and that we run headlong toward Cameron expansion with a great group of partners. And as Justin indicated earlier, we expect to have that project fully contracted or substantially so by the end of Q2.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I think I made a comment earlier that we feel very good about our 3 growth platforms. And I'll tell you one of the observations that we've had in our strategy discussions with our Board of Directors, was very early in the first half of the pandemic of 2020, we realized the value in this sector of scale, right?  So as you think about the Clean Energy transition, you think about the GRC programs that are going forward in our company here in California and Texas, there's no question that putting IEnova together with LNG and have -- circling some EBITDA figure of around $2 billion was the right move with an investment-grade balance sheet. So I think one of the things we're benefiting from right now is we're in the best markets that are experiencing tremendous growth, and we've been able to put together 3 businesses at scale. So when we came out with our 6% to 8% long-term growth rate, we have a very bullish view of what we can accomplish, and it's really around the market position and scale that we have across all 3 of these areas.  And right now, as you think about inorganic opportunities, I think we can effectively take those off the table. We've got a $36 billion capital program, and our job is to execute that with discipline, and I think we're going to be in a position to outperform.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, I'll make just a quick comment and I'll pass it to Justin. Maybe, Justin, you can update them on how the type of conversations you're seeing in terms of contract tender. But I just returned to one of the things I said in my earlier remarks, which is there's no question that everyone now can see what we've been forecasting, which is this net short position in Europe. And the magnitude of what is required to back out 8 billion cubic feet per day of gas is a significant number of new capacity that will exceed even what the U.S. LNG community can provide. But Asia is a larger opportunity. So I think if you look at the opportunity in both markets, there's going to be a real demand near term and long term for more LNG facilities. And that impacts the pricing environment and the opportunity to have longer tenured contracts. But Justin, maybe you can provide a little bit of color on the conversations you're having.
Jeffrey Martin: Yes, great question. I will tell you that we've got a lot of folks inside of our company that are focused on both opportunities around green molecules and green KWs. But I think what we view is there's going to be a requirement that we transition in an orderly way toward increasing clean resources.  And we're very, very bullish on electrification. I hope we get the chance for Allen Nye to update you on some of the really large-scale electrifications taking place in the Texas marketplace. But I would also tell you there are some hard to decarbonize areas in American society, largely heavy industry, heavy transportation, some of the maritime and aviation uses of energy. So in California, there's growing recognition by the regulator and across all market participants that there's going to be a strong trend toward electrification.  But there's really a convergence between the need for green molecules to power some of that electrification and to help decarbonize. So I think the commission deserves a tremendous amount of credit for taking a forward-looking view on renewable natural gas, as an example. You may recall that over 3 years ago, we set a target for 2030 of 20% of our core customers being served by RNG. And that was well before this ever came on the radar screen for our regulator.  And now that they've adopted targets that progress over time up to closer to 12%, we feel like we're in a great position. I think we came out at around 4% penetration in our core customers at the end of 2021. And we continue to be optimistic about executing against some of the expectations of our regulators.  So we firmly believe there's a role both for cleaner molecules and for cleaner electrification, and we expect to see both of those work in tandem going forward.
Jeffrey Martin: It sure is a self-funding model. And I think it goes back to a couple of comments I've stitched together this morning, which was we think one of the great lessons from the COVID economic environment was the importance of scale. And scale will be even more important when we think about what we need to accomplish across all 3 platforms and putting together those 2 businesses with an IG balance sheet. Our clear intention was to make sure it's a self-funded platform, and Faisel gave some examples of how we expect to do that using project-level equity, internally generated cash flows and project finance.
Jeffrey Martin: I think it's a positive. Let me explain why. Roughly 80% of our earnings mix comes from what we think are some of the best utility platforms in the United States, right? So our ability to basically grow rate base off of a $42 billion number at the end of last year at 9% going forward in our 5-year plan is a remarkable opportunity. But our ability to basically exceed expectations and grow this business faster than we forecasted really turns to our ability to how we grow Sempra Infrastructure, right?  So we're at a moment in time where across all 3 platforms inside Justin's business, that's the LNG and Net Zero solutions business, Clean Power and our energy network business. That has a chance to provide some really unique additive growth to our portfolio. So we talked a lot about our growth in the past. We've got a very strong portfolio of bond-like returns from our California platform and our Texas platform, but our opportunity to exceed people's expectations is going to rely a lot on how they execute across their portfolio in Sempra Infrastructure.
Jeffrey Martin: You may remember, 15 or 20 years ago, a lot of M&A in our sector was limited to businesses that were actually contiguous. That's no longer a requirement. But one of the things we think about from our strategy is how do we extract synergies and efficiencies across all 3 platforms. And at Sempra, the value of the parent company as we focus on people, process and technology to help drive the results across all 3 platforms and having a contiguous platform is really helpful.  And I'll tell you, the way I view it is, a lot of people broadly diversify their businesses. They're in different markets, in different jurisdictions, but they fail to have the discipline to make sure they're extracting the benefits of diversification. In our case, we think the best way to manage risk is to go deeper in the markets that are most important. So when you think about California as the fifth largest economy in the world, Texas has moved from #10 to #9, and Mexico is currently #15 and forecasted by 2040 to be #7 in the world, what we want to do is we want to have great regulatory relationships in those marketplaces. We want to understand all the market fundamentals, and we want to make sure that we're putting together a capital allocation strategy that allows us to extract the best risk-adjusted opportunities in those markets.  So one of the things I've talked about before is, we've grown this business over the last 2 decades at a 7% EPS CAGR in an industry that has grown over the same period of time at 3%. And that's not just because we're better managers. It's because we're in the right market. So this focus on being deep and committed to extracting efficiencies in each of our core markets -- and contiguity is a part of that -- is part of our winning strategy, we believe.
Jeffrey Martin: Thank you. We've -- I would just say that we're really excited about both ECA Phase 1, which is under construction, and Vista Pacifico. They both really leveraged the same common resource of Permian gas, and we have a straight shot through 2 different pipeline systems to support Vista Pacifico. I had the opportunity to have dinner with the President of Mexico and John Kerry a couple of weeks ago in Mexico City. And the topic of that conversation, Ryan, was how we can move Vista Pacifico along at a faster pace. In Mexico, they understand the value of being able to export some of their natural resources, particularly high sulfur oil, but they also want to make sure that they raise their marquee status as an exporter of LNG. So I'm pleased with the type of support we have across the government inside of Mexico to support that project going forward. But Justin, maybe you can talk about how you're thinking about the capacity at Vista Pacifico.
Jeffrey Martin: Right. You recall just by way of analogy, at Cameron, one of the things we did in concert with our partners was look at opportunities for us to lower our overall greenhouse gas footprint at Cameron, and that caused us to shift our filings to move to an electric drive for Cameron Phase 2. We're looking at things very similarly at Port Arthur. I think one of the unique advantages Port Arthur has is, number one, at scale and the degree that it's fully permitted across almost every aspect of the development currently. So I think the expectation would be that electric will probably be part of Phase 2 at Port Arthur LNG. And given the level of interest we have in Phase 1, we would proceed as we've currently filed.
Jeffrey Martin: We currently haven't put out an expectation for FID at Port Arthur. I would say that we are having conversations with more than 20 different counterparties related to that project and the interest is very high. But again, I think I've said it 2 or 3 times on this call, we're really committed internally to take a measured approach and be very disciplined. And if we can get that project in a box with really, really solid risk-adjusted cash flows, it's the type of project that could move forward in our time line.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure. I think this might be an opportunity, if you allow me, I think we can comment on the rate case and maybe give a little bit of visibility into the growth we're seeing there. I know Allen had a remarkably positive press release they put out that tracked a lot of that. Let me just start by saying, before I pass it to Allen, Trevor and I were in Dallas last week for the Oncor Board meeting. We could not have been more pleased with the comprehensive nature of the growth they're seeing on their system. As you know in the market, they'd say the comment about don't fight the tape. There is a strong tape in Texas towards further growth. They raised their capital program from 2022 from $2.8 billion to $3 billion. And Allen, maybe perhaps we could do 2 things. Maybe you could walk folks through some of the growth you're seeing on the system because I think your examples would be helpful to people, and then get right to Julien's question about how we think about settlement, which has been the tradition at Oncor as you look at regulatory filings like this.
Jeffrey Martin: I'm joking with you. But we've done a lot on Cameron. This isn't something we started in the last 12 months. We've got a lot of definitive work that's been done. In fact, Cameron has benefited from a lot of the work that was done at Port Arthur over the last several years. So we're in great shape in terms of our understanding of the cost structure of that business.  I think what you're seeing us do is make sure there's a competitive process. We want to make sure that we've got a clear understanding of the schedule, all the key milestones that we need to have in place so that we can execute well. I think we have a shot to execute Cameron Phase 2 exceedingly better than how we executed Cameron Phase 1. And this additional detailed work is part of our desire to have a really clean execution plan.  So the way I would read into it is, I made this comment earlier, our confidence level in the detail of this project and the commercial viability of the project has gone up dramatically in the last 4 or 5 months. And this additional work, I think, only adds more value to the schedule and more importantly, more value to the project.
Jeffrey Martin: Michael, I would also add to that, that we go back and think about the last time Allen settled a rate case, which was in November of 2017. At that time, they had a forward 5-year capital program of $7.5 billion. And in the last 4 years, it's doubled to $15 billion. And based upon what Trevor and I saw at last week's Board meeting and some of the feedback that Allen has given us, this has all been done around the idea of meeting new load growth.  But today, that load growth is continuing, and we're now looking at the prospect of adding in what Allen described earlier, which is more spending around resiliency and obsolescence to make sure that we can integrate all these different loads. So my basic thesis here, Michael, is being in the right markets, really good markets with good regulatory jurisdictions and solid growth is a great way to outperform your peers, and Oncor is a great example.  And I'll tell you, Allen and his team are running a great program. And I think as we get toward October, not only would they be prosecuting their rate case and hoping that, that will be settled, I think we're going to be looking at increased capital spending. That's one of the reasons they've been running their equity layer at around 45% instead of 42.5% headed into this rate case.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, Paul, it's a great question. And obviously, there's been a lot of moving forces going across the supply and demand marketplace, both for oil and natural gas and even in electricity in some markets. Markets like Europe have a lot of gas on the margin -- markets for electricity. But I would say that you've got about a 6.5 to 7.5 Bcf per day marketplace that we export to Mexico. And you've also got this 11 or 12 Bcf marketplace as we export LNG around the world. So that's about 20 Bcf per day. And what's interesting is, on a relative basis, Henry Hub has been -- has not had a lot of price volatility relative to the markers you usually see for natural gas in Europe at TTF or JKM.  So long term, remember, there hasn't been a lot of investment over the last 5 years from the oil and gas sector in new sources of delivery. And I think you're going to continue to see market forces continue to come back in and raise the rates of production as necessary to meet demand. So I can't give you a definitive forecast. It's something that we follow closely. But we're very confident about the level of natural gas resources in the United States, and the United States being best positioned to meet the growing demand for both Asia and for Europe. There is a DOE study that I would refer you to. In the DOE analysis, they talk about the United States' ability to supply these different markets over the next 20 years, and that might be a good resource for you to reference.
Jeffrey Martin: I think that's fair, and I would also -- I think that's fair. And I'd also remind folks that because we're T&D focused, as we look at launching these various LNG projects, you remember, Cameron was a tolling project. ECA Phase 1 is a project where we don't take any commodity risk because you're buying at an index and you're selling at an index.  So in terms of shielding our projects, the way you do that is you make sure you got long-term contracts with good credit counterparties and you make sure you're not taking commodity risk. But in terms of the larger macroeconomic picture, I would refer you to that DOE study, which tends to indicate the conclusion you just described.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I just want to stop and thank everyone for joining today's call. We look forward to seeing you all at the upcoming AGA Conference in Florida later this month. Feel free, per custom, to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions, and this concludes today's call.
Justin Bird: Thank you, Jeff. Thanks, Shar. First off, to echo Jeff's thoughts, we're very pleased with the significant progress we've made on our LNG projects over the last quarter. Cameron Phase 1 is in operations and we're proud to say is producing over 100% of the volumes that we expected at this time.  ECA Phase 1, again, 3 million tonnes per annum brownfield located just south of San Diego, only project to take FID in 2020. That project is on time and on budget. Technip is doing a great job there. As Lisa mentioned in her prepared remarks, we have achieved over 1 million work hours without a recordable safety incident. We're very proud of our safety record. And we remain on track to begin producing LNG by the end of 2024.  Turning next to Phase 2 at Cameron. Again, very exciting brownfield expansion project, real cost advantage in the market. We talk about an additional approximate 7 Mtpa, one of which comes from the debottlenecking and approximately 6 comes from the additional train. We have made progress on all 3 of the milestones that I mentioned in prior calls.  On the permitting front, FERC has published a schedule that shows they expect to issue an environmental assessment in December, which would hopefully give us the permit in the first quarter of 2023. On the commercial side, we announced a project development agreement and an HOA with our partners. We are making progress on marketing those volumes that we will take, and we should expect progress in that in the next quarter.  On the engineering side, as Jeff mentioned, we are running a competitive FEED process. And we do expect that to be completed in the summer. And as Jeff mentioned, we think that process will ensure that we have enough scope definition and engineering work to take FID.  Moving next to Vista Pacifico. Here, we're targeting up to 4 million tonnes per annum. And we recently signed the MOU with CFE in support of the project and announced a broadening of our strategic alliance with Total, who is looking at 1/3 of the project's offtake and potentially a minority equity stake. Still an early-stage project but has a strong competitive advantage as a Pacific outlet to U.S. natural gas to Asia.  Port Arthur, again, the largest project in our portfolio with 13.5 million tonnes per annum in Phase I. As you mentioned, because of its scale and advanced permitting status, we're seeing a significant renewed interest in Port Arthur, and we're advancing commercial discussions with a number of partners and key off-takers.  Also on the list, which, again, is not included in the close to 30 million tonnes that Jeff talked about is ECA Phase 2. We think this is a project that will make sense. And we're working on looking at opportunities there to bring in gas and to optimize the design of that project. So again, I think it's been a tremendous quarter. We have made tremendous progress on LNG. I'm very proud of that business line and what they've achieved.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thank you, and thanks for the question, Durgesh. Yes, the MOU with Total and again, there were 2, one covered Vista Pacifico, the other covered looking at certain renewable opportunities in North America, really covers 2 aspects. One is Total's potential participation in some of our future renewable projects in Mexico that could service as Cal ISO well as Total asking us to look at their opportunity for offshore wind that would service California.  So as part of our broad strategic alliance with Total, look, it's a great relationship. We hope to expand it beyond LNG in other areas. And really, these are the first opportunities we're looking at. So clearly, we would look to them to potentially partner in Mexico, and I think they see the value that we can bring in a renewable project into California.
Justin Bird: Yes. So thanks, Steve. So on the debottlenecking, we are working through the engineering process with our partners. And remember, debottlenecking may be a series of changes that we make over time. So that engineering, we're working through that. We expect that to really continue kind of through late summer, fall, and then we'll figure out the time line for bringing those things on.  Really, that is about, one, optimizing the existing production, not interfering with that, and then finding cost-effective ways to increase that capacity to that approximate one or perhaps more.  In terms of Train 4, again, I think we gave a detailed outline as we move toward FID. And then when we get to the construction period, it's going to be the typical periods that you see, kind of that 4- to 5-year period. And then that's where we are for Cameron Phase 2.  As Jeff mentioned, part of the work we're doing and why the FEED process, we're definitely going to let that run its course through the summer, is that we do think we will get increased certainty on execution plans, better sense of the scope of work, the timing of the work and, frankly, reduce costs.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Yes. Jeremy, yes, the conversations we are having are around the types of contracts that we look for at Sempra, which, again, to your point, is long-term with creditworthy counterparties. I think you are accurate. There has been a dramatic shift in the market in the recent days. Specifically, we've seen a significant amount of long-term contracts.  You saw -- well, I think one in February, I think there's around 7 in March and most recently, there's been one in April. So yes, you are seeing a lot of parties, given the volatility in both TTF and JKM. And frankly, the high forwards, you're seeing a definite renewed interest in parties willing to go long term. And those are the conversations that we are having.
Justin Bird: Yes. Ryan, as Jeff mentioned, really, Vista Pacifico will source gas from the Permian. Some of the sizing revolves around how much gas can be delivered at what rate there. We're also looking at clearly optimizing the design of the economics. It could be that we do it in 2 phases as we get additional gas transportation capacity. But again, early stage development. We will optimize the size for -- to create the best risk-adjusted returns.
Faisel Khan: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff. So I think you'll recall in the past that we've talked about sort of all the potential sort of levers or sources of capital that we can pull in to finance these projects. So first and foremost, Project Finance is one of the key areas we look at as we're signing these 20-year contracts with high creditworthy counterparties. I mean, PF can basically supply 50% to 60% of the capital we need.  Partner capital, we've talked about that. You've seen us execute on that with Cameron and at ECA. So if you think about 10% to 30% of an equity sell-down to some of these projects, that pulls in another slug of capital. And then when you think about what Jeff just talked about, our retained cash flows, we have strong cash flows off our existing assets. Those retained earnings definitely can be applied back into the equity needs for the project. We also have the ability to work with our partners in capital calls. So I think we have a lot of diverse sources of capital to pull into these projects.  The other thing, just to give you an example of how we're looking at Cameron, so as we think about financing that project with our partners, if you remember, Cameron has this amortizing debt capacity at the project. And so that, in itself, is creating balance sheet capacity as we go through each year. So roughly, call it, almost $0.5 billion of debt is being amortized on a proportional basis to us, so that gives us the ability to go in and create debt capacity there and finance the expansion.  So that just gives you an example, but suffice to say, we've got a lot of different areas we could pull capital of and still maintain Sempra at 70% ownership in Infrastructure.
Faisel Khan: Yes. Sure. Ryan, so when you're looking at sort of proportional debt across Sempra Infrastructure of close to roughly $9 billion, a lot of it is fixed rate debt and some of the debt we've -- that was floating rate that we've swapped to fixed. But we don't actually don't have a tremendous amount of floating rate exposure. So -- and I think as you've seen the move in interest rates, we haven't really seen a big impact to the bottom line. So I think as we move forward with our projects, we'll look to see what the balance is between floating and fixed, but right now, we feel like we're in a pretty good position.
Faisel Khan: I think -- so what we have is we have a lot of amortizing debt at Sempra Infrastructure, so I mentioned Cameron on a proportional basis. We also have our pipelines in Mexico, the ones that we have joint venture agreements with. Those also have amortizing debt. So naturally, what's going to happen is as that debt rolls off, those swaps expire. So that's kind of probably what you're seeing. But other than that, there's -- we don't have any sort of floating rate debt that's not swapped during the -- for the tenor of the security.
