Debbie Reed: Greg, let me just say for 2015 we're going to update our guidance as we always do in February. What I would just say is that when we do our guidance we contemplate what we know at that point in time. So to the extent when we gave you the guidance back at the analyst meeting in March, we knew things were going to occur in 2015. We would have put those in our guidance at that time. But we will update that guidance because there's been things that have happened since that time and we'll update that guidance in February as we always do.
Debbie Reed: Yes. Let me just go through to summarize those so that everyone kind of hears the same thing. When we look at what we showed you back in March and we look at some of the things that were in the additional opportunities that have already been secured that we have the 1.6 Bcf from REX for the east to west flows and that's incremental to what we had in our plan of the 0.2 B's. We also have the second piece of REX which is the Clarington West Flow [ph] that we haven't announced contracts on yet. And as I mentioned, that should be coming out in the next couple of months. Renewables, we have the 92-megawatt contract with Edison for CMS-4. And on electric transmission, this quarter we got $60 million of incremental investment. We also have some other projects that were incremental to our plan at SDG&E and then we also had the $150 million of electric transmission in Peru that I mentioned on the call. So those are things that where we basically have either been assigned them by the ISO or by the regulators in Peru or we have contracts with REX or with renewables. Then we have a lot of bids for additional development and we're bidding two CFE pipelines in Mexico, two CFE pipelines in the U.S., some additional renewables where we are offers out and we mentioned trains four and five in Cameron. Those are things we're actively working on as well.
Debbie Reed: Yes. And part of that was in the later years of our plan, because that – we would expect to get the decision towards the end of next year but construction doesn't ramp up on that until some of the mid to later years of the plan.
Debbie Reed: We'll roll those out 2016; we usually do at the analyst conference. And so we do 2015 on the call in February, generally, and then we give you both of those and then our long-term outlook at the analyst conference. And that would be – the one thing I want to be sure to mention is that when I went through all of these growth opportunities that – and using the Southern reliability system as an example, not all of these projects are going to affect 2015 earnings. Some of the projects, like REX comes in part of it in 2015, some of the additional contracts would not come into place until 2016, when we look at the Peruvian transmission it's 2015 to 2017 and so a lot of these things are going to not affect just the 2015. The other thing that I want to mention is that with the additional bids that we have under development, we are going to also be incurring development costs during 2015. And we are planning on getting trains four and five with the permits filed and same thing for Port Arthur and for projects like that, plus all these CFE bids that we expect there to be development costs. So all of that kind of information will be updated when we give you our guidance in February.
Debbie Reed: Let me just mention one thing and that is that all of the joint venture parties agree for us to move forward with some of the initial work and preparation of our FERC filing for trains four and five. So I mean, that in itself is a good indication. But Mark has done a lot of work in this area and we expected that there would be questions on oil prices, so I'm going to turn it to Mark to kind of say why we think our facilities are very well positioned in terms of the global markets.
Debbie Reed: I'm going to have Mark go ahead and go through that and kind of go through the schedule a bit with you as to what we're envisioning.
Debbie Reed: I would say it would be very parallel to what we did on trains one through three where we had with partners, we had commitments that if the facility was built at a certain pricing point that they would move forward with it. But that's very different than getting to FID, where the partners now have to you put their money on the table and all. So I think it would be constructed very much the same in terms of contracts.
Debbie Reed: I think the key is that whatever we do has to bring greater value to Sempra shareholders in our minds and that we'll be able to articulate why we think that that would occur. I would say the one thing that we feel very good about is if we do something, if we don't do something, whatever we do, we have a really great set of assets. I think how a company fundamentally has long-term value is the growth, the potential on assets that they have, the ability to grow their business, the ability to really have steady cash flows that are growing and I think we're in good position regardless of the structure that we have to do that. So that's kind of how we're looking at it. And I would just turn it to Joe to talk about a little bit of what we're looking at on the shareholder value side and the work that's under way.
Debbie Reed: I would just add to that and highlight IEnova and kind of what was done there and we were the first energy company to trade on the exchange and we took a lot of time to determine what was the best approach, what was the best timing, is this something that's going to bring value to the Sempra shareholders. Is it going to give more transparency to the value of those underlying assets. And we would make the same kind of considerations as we decide whether we're going to do a vehicle and if so, what type of vehicle we would do. I think you'll l see that same kind of disciplined behavior for us as we analyze this.
Debbie Reed: I would say that, Chris, there's nothing really that's changed. We've been doing the gas study and we're completing some of the work on the gas study to look at gas availability. The issue there that's been there and we've always talked about it is that we have contracts through 2028 as an import facility. So the economics of taking a facility that, I don't know, it's about $150 million or so cash flow from that facility, and making it into an export facility, we need to look at what the benefits of that would be and that there has to be a compelling story for that. And so looking at gas, looking at the sizing of the facility, looking at the customers, looking at the existing customers, are all the things that we've always talked about with that facility and they're still present for us. We're working it and we're definitely working trains four and five and definitely working Port Arthur. We're working all three of them.
Debbie Reed: Well I mentioned in my talking points that what we were looking at is having all the gas analysis done and then really looking at what kind of a facility could be there and having some conversations with our customers in the first half of next year. That's the kind of timing for that. There is a regulatory process. I guess the rules just came out in Mexico with some of the details on what is required in order to get regulatory approval. But it's a different process than in the U.S. So I mean, I think that within the first half of the year, just as with the other projects, we should have a good sense as to what we think about sizing, what we think about timing, and what we think about the economics of the project.
Debbie Reed: I'm going to have Joe or Trevor go through that. And I would remind you that if you kind of look year to year, last year we had a gain on CMS-2 that came in the quarter and it was almost the same size as this LA tax valuation. So if you kind of take those things out, you still see a growth of double-digit growth rate year-over-year which I think is along a path that we're intending to head.
Debbie Reed: All we're saying that is our book value's about 300 and we sold it for above book. And we'll remind you all that the gain on that sale is not part of the guidance, so --
Debbie Reed: I don't think that that would drive anything in terms of our decision making. We're looking at kind of long-term and so it would be a nice factor for if you were looking at either of those. It would be a nice factor, but it's not a driver.
Debbie Reed: We're not going to comment on that. As I mentioned, we're doing the assessment of that and we're looking at those assets. We're looking at where our growth is and we're doing that, all of that work, and I'm just not going to comment on specific assets.
Debbie Reed: I would refer you back to Joe's comments, but Joe, do you want to kind of articulate that again, some of the comments.
Debbie Reed: We have a goal to do something with TDM on a long-term basis. And as I mentioned in my comments, with the energy reform going forward that generation will be kind of one of the next areas that they will be looking at. And we think with TDM interconnected to Mexico it could be one of the best and most economic assets to meet some of those needs. So that's our plan is to work that with the sale into Mexico.
Debbie Reed: A sale of the asset or sale or long-term offtake, PPA agreement, whatever structure seems to work best.
Debbie Reed: Yes, let me have Mark go through that again to be sure that it's very clear what we're talking about. And also kind of the schedule at FERC, because you make a pre-filing and then you make the complete FERC filing. And so let's kind of walk you through what we're thinking.
Debbie Reed: If you look back at Cameron one through three, what we had is kind of an MOU with the parties on the joint venture agreement and then the tolling agreement in that case. And then we went forward with some of the more costly developments to allow the FERC filing after we had that to make the full filing at FERC that is necessary for your permitting. It's the same type of process that we would be looking at here, whether it's offtake agreements for LNG or it's a tolling arrangement, we would look at having some type of MOU in place with interested parties before we started spending a lot of money.
Debbie Reed: Yes. If you look at our renewables business, the areas where we still have a lot of opportunities for development are with our Copper Mountain facility and we can keep adding there. We also have rose month which we have actually are participating in some RFPs to develop that site right now. There are opportunities to expand some of the wind sites that we're in and we're looking at some of the additional phases on those wind sites. And so – and then we're always out in the market, looking at other opportunities for exciting new renewables. So we have projects that we keep working on. I think where we actually have some land positions we're in really great position to develop renewable projects in those sites.
Debbie Reed: What I talked about is the Prairie State Pipeline that Telegraph [ph] and AGL have proposed that links in to REX. And if they're doing a nonbinding open season on that pipeline, that ties into REX and takes gas into kind of the hub of Chicago. And obviously if they get a lot of interest on that pipeline they're going to need upstream supply. And so we have – in the 2.4 Bcf of potential expansions for REX, there's two pieces. There's the piece of about 700 to 800 a day that's from additional compression and then the remainder of it would come from looping the line. And so to the degree that there's more downstream market for the gas, then we think that that gives us additional upstream opportunities on REX.
Debbie Reed: It's largely because there's two pieces of it and we did the nonbinding open season and as I mentioned that we're in the final negotiations with the shippers that participated in that nonbinding open season. We'll announce that later. But if there's additional market pull in Chicago, that that may get all the way to the 2.4 and there's options, always options to expand beyond the 2.4 if you get to that. So how close we get to the 2.4, I think will be more visible to us over the next year.
Debbie Reed: We did. When we went through the FID and through the lets call effective date which is when all the asset goes in and the financing is arranged and everything, then we did get reimbursed from our partners for our share of – or their share of the development cost. And then we also got their first contributions to their equity going in to match our equity which was our basically billion dollar asset that we put into the JV. So now we're starting – that's our equity contribution. They'll continue to make equity contributions until they get up to the levels to match our equity value. And then we’ve the sharing arrangement for all of the costs as we go forward.
Debbie Reed: I would say that the one thing that we found is that there is a lot of parties in the market. There have not been very many parties that have gotten through the process and into construction. And so the fact that you have a facility that is already being built, that can be expanded or that you've demonstrated your ability to get through all of those processes and get a facility in place, I think provides us a strong competitive advantage in the marketplace. There are a lot of players out trying to market that buyers really want certainty, because if they are contracting for long-term supplies on a certain date to be delivered, then they're counting on that gas to get there, that LNG to get there and they're not delighted with some of the projects that may never get done. So I think we're in a good position. I think, yes there is a lot of people out there marketing but I think we're in a very good position.
Debbie Reed: Joe, do you want to discuss that? We have been seeing FX effects and that is something that we commented on and it's clearly impacted our South American businesses this year. What I would say is that if you look at those businesses, the growth and some of – we're able to offset some of the impact of FX by the growth in those businesses. But it has been an impact.
Debbie Reed: Yes actually, what I would refer you to, because it's a little bit confusing with all these pipelines that are being bid, if you go to slide 22 and 23 in your package it lists all of those pipelines. And the two in Texas, three and four on page 22 and it shows that both the mileage and the CapEx that was estimated by CFE, that's not our CapEx number, that's the CFE estimate of CapEx so that will help you look at all of those pipelines. And then the ones listed below, five through 17 are the ones that they've announced that they're going to be bidding in the near term. And you can see all of those are supposed to go in service by 2018, so they will need to bid them in the near term.
Debbie Reed: Yes, I think it's not in our competitive interest to comment on their pricing estimates. So I would just say sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not so on track. And I'm not going to say anything more about it.
Debbie Reed: Well being that there are no further questions, thanks again for joining us today on Sempra's third quarter 2014 earnings call. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact our great IR team and have a wonderful day.
Mark Snell: Greg, I think you know that this LNG business is a long-term business and what we're seeing from our partners is an interest in securing long-term supply of LNG from the United States with all the stability and the continuity that that can provide. And we really haven't seen that interest abate even as we've seen oil prices fall in the last few days here. If you look at the underlying numbers and I'm not going to get into all the details now, but generally speaking we still have – the U.S. gas and U.S. LNG especially from the Gulf has a pretty good cost advantage over just about everything else that there is in the world today. And that continues down to gas or oil prices as they drop even down to the $70 range. One thing I think it's worth noting is a lot of these foreign contracts, oil linked contracts for LNG have S-curves in them with sets a floor and a ceiling on prices as oil prices fluctuate. And so it's not a point where even if oil were to drop to levels that we haven't seen in 15 or 20 years, LNG wouldn't necessarily on a worldwide basis fall to those levels, except other than on the spot market. There's some built in price levels there. And I think we're competitive with those, given where price is. And I think the other thing that's really, really important and that these folks focus on is diversity of supply. And that includes geographic diversity. Obviously the United States being a real favorite these days of trying to get some supply out of the U.S., also diversity of facilities and geographic locations within the U.S. So I think at the end of the day we feel very confident that our partners are interesting – interested in moving forward on trains four and five. We see other outside interest for Port Arthur. We are having discussions on, on maybe conversions there. So we're kind of looking at all of these opportunities and we think we can be online with some of these as early as 2020. And we're going to kind of prioritize which ones that we think need to come online first and we'll just kind of move through the list. But we're pretty excited about what's the level of interest and the opportunity for us to continue to grow our LNG business.
Mark Snell: It's a good question. I don't know that we would have firm contracts in place. Usually, the contracts aren't firm until we take FID, the firm investment decision, and we wouldn't expect to do that until sometime after we get the permit, 16 or 17. We're working with our partners and we obviously have customers that we have put in the queue that are looking at this opportunity, but it's sort of a chicken and egg thing. They want to make sure that we're going to do it and we have the facility and getting the permits will cement that in their minds that this facility is moving forward and I think they'd be much more comfortable than to commit to that supply. So as we look at this, I think we would expect sometime after that we would probably firm up contracts. That doesn't mean we won't have MOUs and other kinds of indications of interest and I think that's very likely that we will. A firm contract really doesn't exist until you take FID.
Mark Snell: Yes, I think that we'll have initial interest. And also too, I just want to remind you that now that FERC or that DOE has changed the way that they look at this and let FERC is taking the lead, you're not really going to move forward with a lot of this activity because it is, as Debbie mentioned, there's fairly expensive development costs in moving this through the permitting process. And so we're not going to do that without some indication of interest and that we're going to be able to move this to completion. So I think the change in the process that was recently announced a few months ago is also leading to people being much more secure about what's going on as they move forward.
Mark Snell: Yes, there's certainly a point if we thought that the interest in the facility was waning or that we couldn't reach a full FID decision, obviously we'd stop spending money on it. We're not in that position right now. We feel like it's got a lot of interest and we're willing to spend some development dollars on furthering that and bringing that – bringing the project to fruition. This is very, very similar to what we did on Cameron's one through three. It's really the same process.Matt Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: You announced the offtake agreements for trains one through three before the FID. So I guess I'm just trying to understand if we should expect a similar announcement of those agreements.
Mark Snell: Yes, before FID you'll have agreements that require FID as a condition precedent for those agreements going forward. But that's a very typical way that this would be done.
Mark Snell: The only one you didn't mention was Mesquite, create a large facility at Mesquite that we could expand.
Mark Snell: Sure. There is provisions within our agreement that would allow the other partners to take over their position if we so choose to.
Joe Householder: Look, I think, Steve, really it's us thinking pout thinking about what this is and I think the YieldCo term is a little bit funny, you think a YieldCo is something that's at a high yield. What we really see is this is going to be very highly valued because of growth and yield and so we just didn't really like the term and didn't really fit us and it didn't fit our strategy and we think that it's really a total return vehicle and that's why we are talking about that. One of the problems we had internally is we're looking at a couple different types. Everything we're looking at is MLP like in structure but it might be the tax is a little bit different depending on what we do so we needed a term to talk about these things that weren't traditional MLPs and this is what we came onto.
Joe Householder: Steve, this is part of the reason we put a lot of content into this call because later once we make a decision, we'll be filing some stuff and then we won't with able to talk about it. So we wanted to be able to explain how we're thinking about this, that we really are focused on the long-term value for Sempra and we wanted you to all understand what the things we're looking at. And so we've described on page 9 and page 10 how we're thinking about it, the kind of assets we're looking at, how we expect these things to work. And I don't want to talk about really the other company's stock values and what's happened to them but we believe that the strength of our underlying business and the execution that we have on our growth plan is going to be reflected in how our shares perform and if we choose to create one of these vehicles then as it's been with other large high quality sponsors, they're kind of small at the outset but I think that's one of the things you see is these things are pretty small for some of these large players. And so I don't think it's moving the stock much around. And it might do the same with us, it's hard to tell. Once those IDRs become significant and that value is very transparent, I think you'll see that in our stock very clearly.
Joe Householder: I think just what she said. You can pick and choose things that tend to be one-time items if you want to call them that. I would say in our renewable business we tend to have gains on sales fairly often. Last year we had $24 million in the third quarter, this year we had $13 million in the third quarter. This year we had the Chilean tax reform hit us for 6 and we had $8 million of repatriation tax. Where last year this quarter we didn't have any because it all got booked in the first quarter. So if you try to pull some of those out and you pull out the valuation allowance which was in our plan, but if you pulled that out and say that's the onetime item we have nearly 19% growth over last year and if you take out the tax items at the utilities, we have those all the time, they happen all the time, but if you take those out they're 14% earnings growth. We have very solid growth in this quarter and year-to-date the numbers are very similar. You can pick and choose. But we have very, very solid growth.
Joe Householder: Sure. Really what we looked at is the strategy for Sempra and it's been consistent for many, many, many years now, long-term contracted infrastructure and we've built and contracted many different kind of assets. And while we're exiting merchant generation now, we certainly had assets like that that could have been put in there. We might look at petrochemical kind of assets, other things that are natural gas related kind of assets. There could be things that just don't fit in the qualifying asset characterization. And so we could – I mentioned before, while we're not currently contemplating it, we could put some of these non-U.S. assets in there. We certainly probably won't do that with Mexico but there's others assets that we could put in. It's just a broader group that fits nicely with our strategy.
Joe Householder: We think that either can work. I don't see us, and we said this for several years, I don't see us doing a separate YieldCo for our renewable business. Our renewable business is a nice business but it's not a big part of the business and I think that the YieldCo would be too small. It just wouldn't be sufficient of a vehicle and so I don't see us going down that path. But I think that the TRV vehicle or the MLP can work for us and that's why we're looking at both of them very hard.
Joe Householder: We're really pleased with the continued growth we have in the customers and the energy sales in both countries, as Debbie just mentioned, and the utilities are performing as we expected them to and continue to grow. But this quarter the currency movement wasn't very significant but for the year in Chile a lot of that currency movement is offset the growth but not in Peru. In Peru the currency is more stable and we have really solid growth there. So overall between Chile, Peru and Mexico it hasn't been very material this year.
