Debra L. Reed: I'm going to have Joe address the FX issue. As you know, we have FX going one way in South America and FX going the opposite way in Mexico, because the Mexico FX is related to Mexican tax code. And since we have dollar-denominated contracts in Mexico, but we pay the tax in the peso, it kind of creates a natural hedge. But I'll have Joe talk about the 2014 to 2015.
Debra L. Reed: And let me just be clear that when we do that, we look at the forward curves and we look at what is -- what the market curves are and that's what we put in our plan. So we don't do numbers that are not consistent with what the market curves are.
Debra L. Reed: Okay. When we gave you the 9% to 11% last year, it was looking at the composite growth rate for Sempra as a whole, and it includes Cameron trains 1 through 3. And we're going to go through this in detail with an update at the Analyst Meeting. But as I said in my prepared remarks, with where we are now and some of the additional project opportunities we've already contracted, like pipelines in Mexico, the REX uplift and all, we feel that in the 2014 through 2019 period, we would be towards the upper end of that range. And we will go through how we get there. And I think you'll see at the Analyst Meeting that we have quite high visibility to the achievability of the upper end of that range. And then we also have quite high visibility of some additional upside that could either make that range higher or could extend that beyond 2019. And we'll talk about all of that in detail at the Analyst Meeting.
Debra L. Reed: The other thing that I would say different this time, is the first one it was Sempra doing this, and now it's the joint venture that is doing this. And so the decision that was just made to make these filings was the joint venture partners in addition to Sempra making the decision to move forward.
Debra L. Reed: No. This something that you're seeing with most of LNG facilities. When most of us filed at DOE, we filed based upon what you thought the actual average annual production was going to be. So at that point, we filed at 12 Mtpa. And then at FERC, they really wanted the nameplate capacity of the facility, which for us, for those 3 trains, was 14.95. And so we got the approval at FERC for the 14.95. We went back, and now, are reconciling the DOE permit to that. And you've seen that from several other of the parties that have already gotten their permit. In fact, I think Freeport just got there the other day for a reconciliation of the 2. So it's fully expected. Others have gotten it. It's not anything other than how the numbers were calculated.
Debra L. Reed: We're going to talk about our structural decision at our Analyst Conference, and we're going to go into all of those details at that time. I would just say that we're very much aware of our assets. We're very much aware of how those assets might fit into the structure. And what we're looking for, as we're looking at structures and the possibility of whether we go forward with this or not, is to -- what adds the greatest value to the Sempra shareholder and what structures would align best with our strategy? And so, we'll go through that at the analyst meeting so that you can have an understanding of how we're thinking about it, and I'd prefer not to say anything further today.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. First, let me say that, as I mentioned in my remarks, that these trains 1 through 3, the incremental capacity from those trains happens after the facility is up and operational and producing where you don't have as much shutdown, you don't have as much opportunity, I mean, for maintenance and things like that, and that you have greater production. And that would go beyond the 5 years in our plan. And so the numbers that we've given you, where we gave you $300 million to $350 million a year on average, that's what we would still anticipating in the early years of our plan. And then over time, we would be able to have some uplift potential, providing that we can manufacture from the plant more than the 12 Mtpa and that our customers are willing to take that and export that. And the terms of that have all been part of our original contract, how that gets calculated. And as I said that we just gave you a rough number of, if you added 1 Mtpa per year of export, that, that would be about $30 million upside to us when it would occur. It's not in our planned numbers, it's not part of the $300 million to $350 million, it's upside to that, but it would not be in our 5 year-plan period. So that's why I try to make it clear because we made these filings, they're public. We wanted to be fully transparent and ensure you understood exactly what we were doing.
Debra L. Reed: What I would be happy with is to get them all for the kind of returns that we would like to have. So I mean, that's -- it's not how many we get, it's how profitable they are. And we run our business to provide shareholder value. And when we lose a bid, we look at it and we say, would we have wanted to have it for that? And most times I will tell you, we say no, that's not something we would have done because we have other ways we can invest our capital that will give us higher return. And so for us, it's about the discipline and the biddings and about -- we would be, obviously, disappointed if we don't get some of these. But as you've correctly stated, we don't have these in our plan, so it would be upside.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. I'm going to have Joe talk about that. But I will say that 2014 was kind of a transition year. We were waiting for the PSEP decision to come out and starting up on a lot of the CapEx that you're going to start seeing flowing through the plan. So let me have Joe talk in particular about the year-over-year. And then Dennis is here, and he can talk about kind of what he's looking at and some of the changes in 2015 over 2014.
Debra L. Reed: Well, we always look for things. And I think that with the markets having a little bit of instability right now and watching what's happening with some companies who really need to raise capital and are looking at getting rid of certain assets, that this is a good time for us to be shopping if there are some good assets on the market, and we look all the time. But what we look at is assets that will add value to the shareholder or give us a strategic advantage where 1 plus 1 equals more than 2, and that we really are very particular. As you said, we have a great growth rate that is just based from the organic growth that we have in our business. We are in a wonderful position where we don't have to make acquisitions in order to grow. So the way we look at it is, is this going to be a benefit to our shareholders? Is it going to add to our portfolio? Is it going to give us greater long-term growth? Or is it going to give us the opportunity to extend our growth beyond our 5-year period significantly above our peers? And that's the way we look at acquisitions. So if we find some things, we're always interested if they fit that.
Debra L. Reed: That's a great question, and we actually have a team that's working on beyond 5 and what are the things that we should be doing to create the foundations for future growth. And that is part of our strategic review process that we're going through. I mean, not -- I guess not too many companies are fortunate enough to have the visibility 5 years out to the growth [ph]. And what we want to do is set it up so that we have visibility not just 5 years, but 10 and 15 years out, and we are already working on that. It's a great question.
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to ask Mark to answer that. We've gone through the full analysis of the bids and I would say that the -- that the bidding process is a pretty solid process, from what we see. And it's pretty clear. And I would say the U.S. pipeline bids were not as clear at the beginning, but they became clearer towards the end. The one thing that I think, and it was said on our IEnova call today, that we're all having to look at a little differently, is that when they bid these pipelines, they bid them to a certain capacity. And what many of the bidders are doing is looking at beyond that capacity that's going to be contracted and what is the market potential to add compression or to broaden the opportunities on the pipeline. And so I think that's one thing that we're seeing from bidders now is that they're looking not just at the first contract, but what could you do to grow that. Mark, do you want to...
Debra L. Reed: So one other thing that we didn't mention is that in addition to the 4 pipelines, they're also putting a bid out for gas supply at Baja Sur. And in that, they're allowing you to construct how you would get the gas there, whether it's by pipeline or it's by LNG. And I think we're starting to see a little more breadth in the type of bids that are coming out, and that pays to our sweet spot -- plays to our sweet spot where we can be creative in how we use the assets that we already have in Mexico and we take those and work them together in a way that puts a really attractive package on the table. So I think we feel very good about this, but we also are going to be very disciplined.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, I mean, we always look at partners. But what we want to be sure is both partners bring something to the table. In terms of just bringing capital to the table, we feel that we have great opportunities in Mexico to raise capital for this. But if there's something strategic that they bring to the table, that combined with us, would make us more competitive, we'd certainly look at that.
Debra L. Reed: If you're talking about the trains 1 through 3, no. I would not expect that. I mean, we have a very tight contract. The other thing, and the way we structure trains 1 through 3, is our customers are our partners. And so we had envisioned that if there was upturns or downturns in the LNG market, the fact that they're paying theirselves is an advantage under this. And so what you have with this is you have some, as you're pointing out, some credit risk. I certainly think GDF, Mitsui and Mitsubishi are very strong credits and that they look at this as a long-term investment for them. So I wouldn't see that, Winfried.
Debra L. Reed: One thing also, I just think from a transparency standpoint that you'll be able to see this because we'll be reporting earnings and you'll be able to see, as we're reporting, how much we're spending. And then -- so it makes it more transparent to you, and I think that's a positive way to handle it. When you can't really estimate something and it's something that's really leading up to your FERC filing, and then you guys will be able to see.
Debra L. Reed: No. I mean, what we're looking at is we're looking at getting the filings done this year on all of these. So this is the expenditures that would occur before the filing and a lot depends on, as was said, when you get partners, when you get MOUs and what the capitalization policy is versus the expense policy. And the fact that we have 3 going at one time this year is quite unusual. So I wouldn't see this as being an ongoing thing and it's really expenditures for projects that really will be beyond our 5-year plan, so.
Debra L. Reed: Well, if we decide to do a TRV, then how we explain that -- we have heard this from a number of our investors and it is one of the most important things on our mind in consideration about this. And if you go forward on it, is where is the value creation for the Sempra shareholders? Where does that come from? Obviously, that -- there are all sorts of rules regarding communication and what you can do and what you can do when. And if we decide to go forward with this, we have to comply with those rules. But we hear you. And that if we decide to go forward, that I hear what you're saying, and that we will make every effort to address it.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks, again, for joining us today. I hope to see you all at our Analyst Conference in New York on March 26. As you heard today, we have a lot of interesting things to be covering at that conference. And in the meantime, please feel free to contact our IR team and have a great day.
Joseph A. Householder: Greg, thanks. It creates some modest reduction in our South America utility earnings because we're using the year-end forward curve for the year, and that creates some downward pressure. But we've seen in the last several years that the Mexican tax pretty much offsets it. But we don't -- we're not providing any details at that level. [indiscernible] it's 1 million -- it was $1 million this year.
Joseph A. Householder: And the natural hedge from this, as I said before, works really well when all 3 currencies kind of move in tandem at the same time, and that doesn't always happen, but that's what we've witnessed the last several years.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, this is Joe. It just occurred -- dawned on me. I was actually really thinking about the annual numbers, because the retro piece was in the first quarter. It wasn't in the fourth. But I think the points that Dennis just made addressed the fourth quarter. If you look at the annual piece, I still think if you back out the retro, it looks okay, it looks good.
Joseph A. Householder: Paul, the reason that we are excluding it from guidance, as Debbie mentioned, are severalfold. But we actually are not able to estimate it right now, and that's why we didn't give a number and we didn't put a range for it, because we expect to be spending this money, but as Debbie said, we're going to be disciplined. We also have partners in these projects, and so we are not sure at this point in time how much we're going to spend versus how much we're going to collect from partners. And then as we work through getting customers signed up for MOUs, at some point, we'll be able to capitalize the costs. So we just -- we cannot, right now, estimate the amount that we may ultimately spend. Mark, I don't know if you have anything to add that you'd like to.
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, the only thing I would say is that we are talking actively with customers, but we need to do some of this preliminary work and engineering so that we can get a better ballpark on what the pricing and cost will be. It's very hard for them, obviously, to commit to something if they don't know what it's going to cost. We're highly confident that, especially with trains 4 and 5, that we'll be a low-cost provider and we think that will position us well for additional volumes. And then with -- at ECA too, as well, we believe we can be a relatively low-cost provider given both the existing facility and the transportation advantages that being on the West Coast has. So I think we're coming into the market with 2 projects at least that are -- that should be at the low-end of the cost scale of what people are looking at. And then we have a big opportunity at Port Arthur to build a kind of a big facility, and it could even be a multiuse facility. So I think we're pretty excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us, and we think as we progress during this year with the studies and the engineering work, the things that we need to do to get permitted, that we'll be in a good position to sign up people.
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, to give a little -- to shed a little more light on that. So when we did the first 3 trains, we've started the FERC process and went through this, and we had agreements with partners that, subject to certain conditions, they would sign up for firm capacity. And so we're moving -- as we move through that process and as we got various permits, including our non-FTA, we got our fixed price construction contract and we got a handle on ultimate delivery, those we met some of the conditions precedent and then those commitments to take that capacity became legally binding at a point in time. It'll be similar to that here. The difference here is that we already have all of the operating agreements in place. We know how the facility is going to operate. We know how we're going to share costs. We have all of those kinds of agreements done. So a lot of the heavy lifting has been done, and it's really a matter of our partners marketing the extra capacity that they -- the extra LNG that they would produce, and ourselves, because on the expansion, we have the right to take 50% of the capacity subject to the same operating and arrangements that are in trains 1 through 3. And so our plan is to do that and for us to sell that capacity or LNG in the market, and we're working to commercialize that option. So it will -- it's very similar to the first one, but it is slightly different.
Mark Alan Snell: Yes. Actually, the point of no return is typically the -- what we call FID, the Firm Investment Decision. So when we sign a contract to extend the construction to trains 4 and 5, when we commit the contracting dollars, at that time we'll be making a firm investment decision and we'll have all those commitments in place. That's usually quickly after that MOU kind of opportunity.
Mark Alan Snell: I would just summarize by just saying on the -- you've got 2 parts to this, the consumption side and on the consumption side, natural gas, once you've made the commitment to natural gas as a fuel for generation or industrial usage, you're not switching back and forth between oil and natural gas. So the price of oil, other than the old crude-linked formulas, is really the only connection. It doesn't have that. And then on the supply side, there is a big advantage to the U.S. LNG because the biggest advantages -- the commitment that you need to make to buy LNG from the U.S. is less than it is than in most other places because all of the upstream development's already in place and you don't have to commit to pay for that over 20 years, it's already there. So you're really only committing to the facility, and that's a big advantage for customers on the supply side. So I think if you just think of it that way, you'll see that the U.S. LNG will remain competitive for a long time.
Mark Alan Snell: Okay. So if we're talking -- you're talking about the extra tonnage because of the sort of the de-bottlenecking the extra nameplate capacity? Okay. Yes, we actually -- that extra tonnage was contemplated when we did the agreement. So we get paid for making that available. If we make it available and it's used, we get paid a specific fee for that. And that's the calculation that we gave you that said it's about $30 million per ton per annum. And so we won't get that all the time. It will be intermittent. It -- because you do have to maintain these facilities, so there will be some times we'll be taking the facility down and it will earn less in its nameplate capacity, but we will have opportunities to really exceed it. And when we do that, we have a formula for getting paid.
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, I'll just elaborate a little bit on that. I would say one of the things that we're seeing from the bid process as a whole, it's actually quite good. It seems to be relatively -- it seems to be fair. They're looking at the right things and they kind of break it into 2 parts. There's a capital part and then the net present value over the future payments that the customer would take, whether that's CFE or PEMEX. So they've done this in, I think, a logical way. But to Debbie's point, one of the things that I think that will necessitate winning bidders to do in the future is to anticipate some additional revenue and capacity that would be used by the market, because all of these will be open access pipelines. They will eventually attract other customers and you got to kind of figure that into your net present value of your cash flow stream. And so, I think that it's going to keep a competitive process for Mexico. I guess the thing that I would add to that -- so I think we're looking at that and I think we can make adjustments for that. But I do think the thing that's most important is we've got these other group of bids that are coming out here shortly, but we have a whole list of other projects that are going to come out during the year. And the most encouraging thing we've seen is, in spite and maybe because of the drop in oil prices, the need for outside investment in Mexican infrastructure continues to grow. There seems to be no reluctance on the part of CFE or PEMEX to get moving on some of these projects because they're critically needed to deliver gas into the bowels [ph] of Mexico, and we really want to make sure that those projects that they're developing down there that are going to use this gas are all moving forward, and they are. And so I think all of this speaks very well for the additional investment. And we are, even though that we watch our returns and we want to make sure that we get a good return on our investment, we're still in one of the best competitive advantage -- in one of the best competitive places to be from having an advantage of just being the incumbent and the largest incumbent. Our relationship with the contractors and the pipe producers and the things that we've been using in Mexico, really, I think, we can be very quite competitive, and I think we'll do well.
Mark Alan Snell: No. I think that's right. We really just can't estimate it now, and because of the difference in capitalization or expense, we just thought it would be best to exclude it.
Mark Alan Snell: Paul, one thing is, if we develop these projects beyond this year, likely, all these costs will continue to get capitalized.
Mark Alan Snell: Yes, it's -- look, there are numerous LNG contracts around the world that are linked to oil prices and they call it the crude cocktail price or you've heard those terms. But the change that's coming, that's happening is really not one of a decoupling, but it's diversification which is going to -- that's entering another mix into this, and that is a Henry Hub-based LNG price. So most of -- in fact, all of the LNG so far, I think that's been sold out of the United States, has had some kind of index back to Henry Hub. So it's giving the purchasers a mix in their portfolio of a different pricing, and that was very popular, obviously, when crude was very, very high. But the popularity hasn't diminished because crude has gone down in price. I think there is a big desire by the -- especially the Japanese and the Koreans, to diversify their pricing mix and to have some different points -- different pricing points. So I think that's purely what it is. And it's a very small percentage now of their overall mix. It's growing. But we're not anywhere near where they are full up with Henry Hub-based price. I think there's still a lot of room to go.
