Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $369 million. On an adjusted basis, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $370 million, or $1.47 per share. Adjusted earnings in the fourth quarter exclude $3 million of expenses related to the development of our proposed LNG liquefaction project. In addition, in October 2015 an agreement was reached with the SONGS insurance provider for a $400 million payment associated with the failure of the replacement steam generators. Of this amount, SDG&E's share was $80 million. After reimbursement of legal fees and an allocation of $75 million of net proceeds to the ratepayers, our fourth quarter adjusted earnings exclude a $2 million after-tax adjustment to the loss on the SONGS plant closure. Full year 2015 earnings totaled $1.349 billion, or $5.37 per share. This compares to 2014 earnings of $1.161 billion, or $4.63 per share. On an adjusted basis, 2015 earnings were $5.21 per share. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings grew 11%. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the section of our presentation, entitled business unit earnings. I will address the key drivers for our consolidated quarterly results, now on slide nine. Compared to the prior year, fourth quarter earnings include a $48 million seasonality impact that increased earnings of SoCalGas. We call that applying seasonality to earnings of SoCalGas does not affect full year results, instead this fourth quarter variance offset seasonality impacts during the first three quarters of the year. At Parent, we recorded $21 million of lower tax expense, primarily related to a favorable resolution of prior year's income tax matters and reduced repatriation of dividends from Mexico. The lower tax expense at Parent, along with lower effective tax rates of the California utilities were primary reasons why we exceeded our revised 2015 adjusted guidance that we gave on our third quarter call. Third, SoCalGas recorded $16 million of higher earnings due to a higher CPUC base margin net of operating expenses and offsetting these factors was $18 million of lower tax expense in South America in 2014, as a result of Peruvian tax reform. Now, let's conclude. So please turn to slide 10. Overall, we delivered strong financial results in 2015 and exceeded our adjusted guidance. Solid growth in operating earnings and confidence in our long-term cash flows supported our decision to raise the 2016 dividend. In order to better align our future dividend growth with projected EPS growth, we are now targeting annual dividend increases of 8% to 9% over the next several years. Looking ahead over the next five years, we continue to anticipate earnings growth around twice the level of our utility sector average. Combined with the strong dividend growth, we aim to provide top-tier total shareholder returns. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and start to take any questions you may have.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. Greg, this is Joe. I just want to make sure just to be clear for you and others, the $60 million was taken into account in the guidance we gave you last year for 2016. So that's not something that was new in our new introduced guidance today, but the GRC settlement was new, but the $60 million was in last year's number.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. But it's important to understand because it's a difference going from 2015 to 2016. So it's a critical item to understand.
Joseph A. Householder: Faisel, this is Joe, I'll just add on to Mark's comment. The FX benefit in Mexico, doesn't have to do with the tariffs, because all of these dollar denominated contracts and our dollar denominated business is really the functional currency and that's how we operate in Mexico, but we have to pay our taxes in pesos. And the Mexican tax rules require that we have FX adjustments related to our monetary assets and then taking into account inflation. And so, as these currencies kind of move in a similar direction against the U.S. dollar, we get this natural hedge, natural offset.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah, let me walk through that Faisel, because I think this is important for everybody to understand and we talk about it from time-to-time. But we have some really, really well run utilities in South America, and over time, those have done extremely well and you can look back to the early 2000s. They've done very well over time and we like those assets a lot. But they are local currency run companies and their revenues are in local currency. And so, we've seen a depreciation against the U.S. dollar because we have to translate those into dollars of about 15% to 20%, since last year's plan. So when we did the 2016 plan last year and showed you a number, those currencies have depreciated 15% to 20%, and there's to some degree, some offset in our tariffs and they catch up over time because we have adjustments in our tariffs. But we've adjusted the revenues or the net earnings from those companies for that change in FX rates from a year ago to the ones we have now. In Mexico, the tax expense I was just referring to a moment ago that's an annual adjustment kind of it goes from what was the peso at the beginning of the year to what it's going to be at the end of the year. And I think Debbie mentioned in her remarks that we haven't had this in our planning in the past. And the reason is we're not allowed to under accounting – GAAP accounting rules, we're not allowed to kind of forecast that. So, with this year, we put it in the plan because we know that the Mexican pesos forecasted to move about 3.5%. And so, we forecasted a change in our tax expense for that 3.5%. And so in 2016, we see a little bit of loss there. In 2015, we actually had earnings as a result of this. We had $31 million increase at Mexico and a $20 million decrease in South America, so we had $11 million plus. So again in 2013-2014, it was neutral and between 2015 and 2016 that is going to be kind of neutral. These things don't move the needle very much for us. They're pretty small.
Debra L. Reed: Greg, I think that's an excellent way to put it actually. If I look at the fundamental building blocks, as you know, our business is based upon long-term contracted and utility asset. And when we lay out our growth rate, the key things that are driving our growth longer-term are Cameron 1 through 3, which is progressing on schedule, on budget and we expect that to come online in 2018, as we've outlined before. Our Mexican pipelines are now, all except for three of them are actually in operation that are contracted, and so that is going quite well. And then our utility businesses and the fundamentals of our utility businesses as you can see from last year's earnings are very strong. And we would anticipate getting a rate case decision soon and one reason we want to hold off providing any numeric guidance is that we want to get that rate case decision and then be able to go through as we always do with you at the Analysts Meetings the details. The other thing I'd just comment on is, our board felt that there is great visibility to our growth. And since it's long-term contracted in utility, they were very comfortable, setting an 8% to 9% target for our dividend increases over the next several years. And I think that is a really strong statement in our sector to be able to grow your dividend at that kind of rate.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We had talked before of about 6% growth rate in the dividend and now we're talking about 8% to 9% over the next several years.
Debra L. Reed: Greg, that's correct. As we've looked at this, we told you last March that, when – under the rate case process that when we go through the rate case process, that there will be a true-up on this repairs allowance, and that was approximately $60 million. So, our earnings would be reduced for that going into 2016 in our utilities. But then we've reached this rate case settlement and when we've laid out kind of our guidance for 2016, our assumptions are and our range is that something similar to the rate case settlement would be adopted, and that's what we would anticipate.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, that's fair to say. I mean I'll answer that question. And I'll give you a – I'll use 2015 as an example. We grew 11% in 2015, we increased our dividend by 8%. So I would not link the two directly together. What I would look at is, what are the fundamentals of the growth drivers? And the fundamentals of the growth drivers are Cameron getting online on time, our utilities performing well and our Mexican pipelines being constructed and in service and all of that is going quite well.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. I'm going to ask Octávio to cover that, but what I would say is, we see it as better for us, because we do have a timeframe by which we have to commit to get Cameron in service and maintain continuous construction. So actually getting the sales and purchase agreements done and have definitive agreement is a real positive for us, so this is something we like to have in place. Octávio why don't you have a talk about it from the customer perspective as well.
Debra L. Reed: Sure, and I'll have Mark talk about some of the upcoming bids, but what – a couple of things I've said before and I'll say again in terms of Mexico and the key thing for us is that we have a really great set of assets in Mexico, that are expandable assets that have additional growth potential. And so, these bids are very important to expand the infrastructure that we own there, but they are not the only way that we can grow in Mexico. And Mexico now have some pipeline bids that are going to be coming for us very soon, we've talked about the three that are out for bid right now, there will be others that will come out later this year. Mexico is also going out for bids for about 2,500 megawatts of renewables. And we have our ESJ plant operational there, that has the availability to expand by about a 1,000 megawatt. So, we think that's a great opportunity and then at Mexico is looking at going into other areas of bidding with electric transmission and electric generation. So, there's bidding but there is also growth potential that occurs from the great asset base that we have there. Mark, do you want to talk about kind of the bids and...
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean we feel comfortable, but we're going to get a decision, proposed decision in the March timeframe. I mean that's what we're looking at. And the issue of bonus depreciation was part of the litigation in the record of the rate case and the settlement was made understanding that there was some potential for extension of that. So we think that the settlement is – we think it's likely to get adopted. And we think that we should have a decision hopefully sometime in the second quarter.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, let me just take a comment on that and then I'm going to refer to Dennis on coming back into operation. I think one thing that's quite positive is that when we filed our rate case we had actually filed for a program that would do internal inspections of wells and some of the things that has now happened on pipelines. And we filed for a program that would do that for storage facilities. And that in the rate case settlement, we ended up with two-way balancing account that would allow us to make those kinds of investments to do the review of the storage wells and go through them on a programmed planned kind of a basis, which is what we had proposed. But getting that all in place now and getting the facility operational for injection season, we've been spending a lot of time looking at how we use that program, which is basically aligned with what the Department of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources or DOGGR has kind of outlined as well. So Dennis why don't you kind of talk about what we're doing now with Aliso and all of our storage facilities there.
Debra L. Reed: Most of the – the majority of the $20 million to $25 million is for Port Arthur and it's to do the work that's necessary to design enough of the facility where you can price it so you can market it. And that is engineering and legal cost and all. And then legal cost associated with the sales and purchases agreements for Cameron, and then the related facilities, the pipelines and storage and all of that integrate with that. That's what's most of the costs are. And they're expensed because those are the accounting rules, once we get contracts signed, then we would expect that this expense to not be part of our ongoing guidance, because we'll spend the funds once. And once we get contract signed then we will begin capitalization of the substantial part of the project costs.
Debra L. Reed: We don't share that, because we're still negotiating with customers. But we always look at what our cost of capital is on a risk adjusted basis. And that we would have a reasonable return for that. So I mean, that's the way we would be looking at it, and our returns tend to be in the high-single digits, low-double digits for most of our projects so.
Debra L. Reed: In Mexico, our tariffs are in dollars, but we pay taxes in pesos. And so that's why we have the FX issue in Mexico, which usually has recently as always been in our favor in Mexico.
Debra L. Reed: I'm not sure what expectations you're referring to. What we're very focused on is that the growth that we have outlined for you in our plans is long-term contracted growth or in our utility. And that what we put in our base plan is things that we already have under contract and then expected utility performance. What we expect to do is over the next five years, we expect to add projects to that. And this last year alone, we added 325 megawatts of renewables that will come online late this year. We've added or will be adding when the transaction closes the PEMEX acquisition and that was not part of our base plan a year ago. So, our expectations are that we're not going to sit still, we're going to continue to develop and grow our business. And that what we show you though in terms of our growth is and when we get to our Analyst Conference, we will do what we always do which is the blue box and the green box. That shows you what we have contracted and what's basically in our utilities as projects approved or in our rate case. And then we show you what we're working on that could add to that growth over the five-year period of time and we'll be doing the same thing for you this year.
Debra L. Reed: They were looking at – they haven't given any specific dates, but probably in the March and April timeframe, is most likely.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks again, for all of you joining us today, and all of your excellent questions. We hope to see you at our Analyst Conference on May 24. And if you have any follow-up questions, our Investor Relations team is available to answer anything that was left off from the call today. Thank you very much.
Octávio Simões: Sure. Thank you. The reason why is because as Debbie indicated, we have a timeframe that's tight and we're trying to take advantage of the long-term pricing that we have from our EPC contractor. So going through an MoU, we'd (30:58) create an additional step that might drag that schedule. And as you know, given the way, we structure our deals on the LNG. We're not just selling cargos for a price, which would be a much easier sale. We're actually putting together deals that deal with low commodity risk and essentially long contracting capacity for the liquefaction, so we have to speak a lot to our customers about the upstream conditions, where the gas comes from, where it's delivered, how it's delivered and those tend to be more complicated sessions. And as a result, we've all decided to go forward. It wasn't just us, the customers also decided to go that way. So the people we're talking to at this point, we've all agreed to pursue the supply purchase agreements and gas supply agreements as part of our discussions in order for later in the year to have the full commitment to take the commitments we need to make on the capital side to launch the project.
Octávio Simões: No, I think that we're pretty much as Debbie indicated, it's good that we're moving in this direction, obviously the counterparties are using resources that are expensive, whether it's a law firms or their internal resources. So there's interest involved in this. As you know this is a facility that's not selling into the current market, it's a facility that's going to sell into market 2020 plus. And it's going to be one of the lowest, if not the lowest facility at that point in time to deliver LNG to a time where just about anyone agrees, there is going to be a shortage of supply.
Octávio Simões: Again, a bit of (54:51) introduction to the timeframe issue. The one thing that we need to start looking at is the current market is oversupplied as you indicated, no discussion about that, but we also have a little problem with the current market. We have an oversupplied market and yet the spot cargoes are more expensive than the long-term pricing, which was agreed in the tight market. So market is broken in its pricing formulas, and the market is adjusting to it as we speak and will adjust for the next couple of years. But our focus is not the current market. Our focus is 2020 as I've indicated, where you'll see that the current oversupply would we absorbed and then there is a shortage and unfortunately or fortunately, depending on your point of view, these facilities take five years, six years to come online once you decide to go forward. And as a result, we need to make decisions today to meet that demand. It is difficult to make. It's large capital investments when a lot of the big players are taking write-downs because of oil, that's the condition why the market is tough. Some of the buyers are confused by the oversupply, but our focus is not the current market. So globally, unless you believe we're going to switch everything from gas to coal and oil which would increase our carbon footprint significantly and it seems like the winds are the other way around, if you do believe that we are going forward, not only with a continuous economic growth, but with a change to a lower carbon footprint, then gas is going to play a role not just in the current markets but in other markets that are yet to open. One interesting statistics I heard this week at CERA Week was the fact that the lower demand from Korea and Japan was made up by increased demand in Middle East countries and therefore the demand didn't go away, and that was not there in the earlier projection. So globally, where our projects fit? We're comfortable. It is a tough market for people to make decisions when they're under significant pressure. But we think, we are offering to the market the lowest cost producing facility for 2020, and that's why the interest is there.
Octávio Simões: That's a very good question and I'll be happy to bring up another topic that sometimes gets forgotten. In the economics of the – pardon me, in the Cameron based project we included $1 billion of the cost of the existing facilities which is essentially replacement value. So the economics of Cameron in that chart you saw at Analyst Day, as well as all the other charts included the value of existing facilities. And so what we're doing with Woodside and Port Arthur is looking at ways to break some of the paradigms in the industry, keep it as safe and reliable as we want it to be as the customers expect it to be, but look at ways to reduce cost. Just like we found when we did Cameron, that we had the lower cost per ton for conventional technology of liquefaction. We have an even lower price for the expansion of Cameron for trains 4 and 5 and we expect to achieve similar results with Port Arthur. If we don't find that we can do that then, Port Arthur is not going to go away. We simply believe that the industry has to be going back to a discipline of developing the next lowest marginal cost available of supply in order to be sustainable.
Mark A. Snell: Sure, Debbie. There is – as you know there is three pipelines right now that are currently under that we have submitted bids for and we're awaiting the determination. In total, it's roughly a couple of billion dollars' worth of work. We think, we're well positioned for it, but as you've seen there are – there has been some increased competition for some of these pipeline bids, but we're sticking to our kind of strategy of targeting kind of high single-digit IRRs and we're really looking to try to pick up these ones that we think fit our – that fit our profile and what we're looking for and obviously, we're interested in these at the right price. But I think the most important thing is Debbie's point is on the opportunities around our existing pipeline footprint, which, just to remind everyone, we are the largest pipeline operator in Mexico. We're very well-positioned, not only for this new work, but to expand those opportunities and start building laterals into other industrialized areas. And so, we see the opportunity for IEnova in Mexico for continued growth. And I think we've all seen some of the comments on PEMEX over the last few days and their desire to raise additional capital and to think about selling some of their additional assets, we're very well poised to take advantage of those opportunities, our relationships there are very strong. And so, we're very optimistic about IEnova's growth potential.
Mark A. Snell: Yes. That and also – and eventually additional capacity through compression on a lot of the lines that we currently operate.
Mark A. Snell: It's a little more than a coincidence. There usually a some relation to currency valuations around the world, but it has been more of a one-for-one offset in the past, it has disconnected a little bit as we've moved forward.
Mark A. Snell: Yeah, I would just – let me just add to that too. I think that the – when we talk about energy reforms in Mexico, I think a lot of folks are focused on the reforms at PEMEX and they haven't seen increases in production and some of the things that they expected to see from energy reform and I think that's entirely the fault of $30 oil, and very little to do with the reforms, what are coming out of the reforms is a massive amount of energy infrastructure within the company, within the country and that infrastructure is doing exactly what it's supposed to do, as Debbie said, it's lowering energy costs, bringing natural gas in the regions of the country that didn't have access to it before, it's making – it's really making a big difference on lowering electricity costs across the country, and that's working very, very well. And to the extent that low gas or low oil prices are hindering some of the reforms at PEMEX, I think that again is creating a large opportunity for us, because it increases the need for PEMEX for capital. It gives opportunities for us to look at the assets that they are going to be putting up for sale. And so, from our perspective, I think we think that the reforms are working very much as intended, and that we will continue to benefit as being one of the best placed companies in the country to take advantage of those opportunities.
