Jeffrey Martin: Thanks a lot, Trevor. As we turn our attention to the rest of 2021, we plan to continue our positive momentum. We've identified several priorities to capitalize on the critical role that energy infrastructure is providing in support of the energy transition. Our priorities include among others, executing health and safety programs to help mitigate COVID-19 risk for our employees, maintaining a focus on safety and operational excellence across all of our companies, continue to execute on utility-centered capital plan, delivering strong financial results and completing the Sempra Infrastructure Partners integrated set of transactions. I look forward to sharing more about how we're delivering on a sustainable future for all of our stakeholders at our Investor Day later this year. Please turn to the next slide. And finally, let me summarize for you our investment proposition, which we believe is differential to others in our industry and offers compelling value both in the near and long term. We're building a top-tier T&D infrastructure platform that's well-positioned to succeed in attractive markets, continuing to execute a robust capital plan with significant expected growth in rate base, growing our EPS and improving our earnings visibility, maintaining attractive and growing dividend and remaining committed to innovation, sustainability and leadership. Please turn to the final slide. In summary, 2020 was a record year for our company. Against the challenging economic and operating backdrop, we deployed a record amount of capital and produced the best financial results in our company's history, topping the prior year's record of adjusted earnings results by over $400 million. We look forward to continuing to execute on our value proposition in 2021 and remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value. And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks and we'll stop to take your questions. Before opening the call to questions, however, I'd like to remind you that we will not be discussing the exchange offer.
Jeffrey Martin: Appreciate the question, Shar. And I think the way we think about it is, we've gone through in our prepared remarks kind of what we think the critical success factors are for the transaction, and obviously one of the things we've identified in that order of criteria is to predict [ph] accretive transaction. So when you think about the use of proceeds, what I try to describe people is it's essentially dependent upon three factors. Number one, how well you successfully execute the general offer. Number two, how well you execute the sell-down process and that includes both the overall quantity of equity sold and the implied valuation. And to the point that you're getting to, the third part of that is a transaction, so to speak, is the use of proceeds. And one of the things we noted on the call is that you've seen not only the same $32 billion capital program roll-forward, but you're also seeing a higher portion of capital in the five-year plan allocated toward the utilities. So last year's plan was roughly 85% to 86% utility spending over the five years. This year's plans closer to 90%. And we did highlight for you that we think there's at least $1.1 billion of incremental CapEx just in our California Utilities in the next two years, and you've seen us raise the CapEx for Oncor by another $300 million over the five-year timeframe. So, we're going to look at both debt reduction, we're going to look at opportunities to fund additional utility CapEx. We will always test that against share repurchases. And there are scenarios where you could see us take in in-kind investments from investors, although it's probably a lower likelihood. So, what we're going to try to do is manage all three of those things; the tender process, the equity sell-down and then the efficient use of proceeds in a way that delivers all the critical success factors that we identified in our prepared remarks.
Jeffrey Martin: So, I wouldn't -- I mean, what we've said publicly is that we're going to sell a non-controlling interest, and so we'll always have controlled entity going forward. We have a very robust view of this platform and what the value can create over time. But the most important thing is we're going to focus on doing that those transactions as I described to you as efficiently as possible. And I would focus probably most likely on cash transactions, but we're not ruling out the idea that we could do an asset swap or allow some to contribute -- someone to contribute an asset as part of the overall value.
Jeffrey Martin: I think you probably summarized it better than I could. I think both of those points are accurate. And I think, Shar, you have followed our company for quite a while, and I would tell you that we went through a relatively thoughtful process with our Board in 2018 to make sure we had the right strategy. And we really wanted to focus on North American sell non-core assets, make sure we're in the right markets. And I will tell you, if anything about last week in Texas and some of the challenges you're seeing in your industry, if it points to anything it's really the value of investing in the grid. And as you recall from some of our prior conversations, we have specifically avoided the generation marketplace, we've avoided being exposed to commodities and that's why being in a decouple marketplace like California is so important. So, you've seen over the last three years us be able to grow our EPS at about a 14% CAGR. And as we think about 2021, I would probably go back and just mention to you that think about how we did our guidance last year. I think it was on this call that we talked about our guidance last year, and some people were a little bit disappointed in the Q4 call of the 2020 guidance. And you recall, Shar, it was on the Q1 call that we guided to the high end of the range. And later in Q2, we went ahead and revised our guidance upward of $7.20 to $7.80. In the Q3 call last year in November, we guided at the high end of the range and think about what we've done, right? During the pandemic, probably the worst economic downturn in the history of our country, Sempra Energy has produced record EPS, we've produced record earnings and all five business units for the first time in the history of this company, each one of them produced record earnings results. So as we go into 2021, you should expect us to basically continue to look at getting the SIP transaction done, get further along in the execution of our capital program, specifically in our utilities, and come back to you with a view toward trying to always under-promise and over-deliver.
Jeffrey Martin: I think, the game plan is the slide is correct. We're going to look to announce the transaction and the sell-down next month. We hope to also launch our tender process next month but both transactions, Steve, are geared to close in Q2.
Jeffrey Martin: I'm sorry, Steve, I'm not sure I understood the question. We definitely believe that the transaction will be EPS accretive, if that's the nature of your question.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. Well, look, I would start, Steve, by saying I think the events of last week, which were in the Midwest, obviously in Texas and obviously Northern Mexico as well, they also impacted California, which we're also comfortable talking about if you'd like to go into that, but it was the most important event in the energy markets globally last week. And we've always started by thanking our employees for their hard work in the Dallas community and across North Texas and certainly, there's been a lot of people have been hurt by this and our hearts go out to all those folks. But as for Oncor, you recall that their job is really as a grid operator is to execute the commands of ERCOT in terms of load shedding just to make sure there wasn't a complete failure of the grid. I think one of the things is taking place in Austin today is we're going through legislative hearings. Our CEO, Allen Nye, is going to also testify at those hearings. But I think the most important thing is Oncor stood tall during last week's event. I think they are one of the more positive participants in the overall marketplace. That's also a view shared by the Governor, by the way. And I think what's important as we think about future reforms is I just want to be a little bit cautious, Steve, that we don't front-run the activities that are underway today at the state. There's going to be a full-scale investigation. The Railroad Commission will be involved, the PUCT, the Governor's Office and the PUCT obviously, but and all the interveners in the marketplace. So, I think what will happen from this is you'll probably find opportunities for the state to improve its resiliency. There is also a lot of generation as we've talked about on prior calls, it's in the interconnection queue, and we certainly expect that that will lead to additional investments in the T&D space. But look, I don't want to start talking about capital at this point. I just think that as you think about building that marketplace, which has the strongest economy, at least the growth economy in the country, we don't think that we're going to be spending less capital. We think that spending more capital we'll certainly be part of the solution.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. You'll recall that Texas took up most of the news cycle, but they had a DC time, the Midwest that went down, obviously there were impacts all across into Louisiana, which had some temporary disruptions to our Cameron facility. Cameron is fine and still online and operating well. You'll also recall at one point in time, the Governor issued an order that natural gas in Texas had to stay in Texas to meet electric generation needs first before being exported. That obviously has impacts to Mexico. Mexico had rolling blackouts in four or five of its Northern states. So, we're working very closely with Tania, and you'll recall that we've got seven pipelines where we've moved gas across the US-Mexico exchange. And she was being quite helpful to Texas to make sure that people were not unnecessarily scheduling gas across that interchange, but she was also working very closely with CFE. So, you think about our LNG facility in Baja, which is a giant storage facility, it was critical in that process of serving the needs of Northern Mexico and Southern California. And again, the State of California called on our storage network at SoCalGas, which is a very critical piece of infrastructure here in the state. And what people sometimes forget, Steve, is that California sits at the Western end of the pipeline system. We don't have much, if any, indigenous production of natural gas in the state, so we're very reliant on events outside the state, like you saw last summer, for us to import power from neighboring states but also to import gas, particularly here in the wintertime. So it was a system-wide event in the Western United States, and I think what we feel great about is we really have been hitting this pretty hard with our investment community, Steve, is we are the picks and shovels to the Gold Rush, right? We're the company that's investing in grids, we're investing in storage and we're a big part of the solution today. And I think if you look at where the market is going, I think we've got the wind behind ourselves in terms of our investment thesis and we should expect to see continued strong capital spending across our enterprise.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. Thanks, Michael for the question. I will tell you that we certainly think that the theme of electrification is a hard secular trend. And I think if you think back to the Oncor acquisition in March of 2018, it was really premised that on that expectation that that trend would continue. So as you see us lay out today, we've currently got 74% of our US utility rate base is exposed to that dominant trend. But I would go back to a point I was making with Steve Fleishman too, which is there is really an untold story of the criticality of natural gas to support the energy transition. So, Michael, 80% of the world's energy emissions today related to carbon come from oil and coal. And by the middle of next decade, the most dominant fuel in the world will be natural gas. In fact, Royal Dutch Shell came out just yesterday and forecasted that the LNG trade would double 2040. So there is a strong recognition that the one country in the world has got it right and has reduced emissions the most has been the United States. So for last two decades, we've led the world in emissions reductions. Number one, by committing to renewable capacity; and number two, making sure we fuel switch from coal to natural gas. So when you come back to California, clearly, Michael, we had blackouts last summer and that was because we were over-reliant on imports. I think there is a recognition that natural gas is the natural partner to renewables, so I think we're going to have headwinds. We've got to tell a better story. The most important thing we can do, and Trevor talked about this, is we have to make sure that natural gas plays the appropriate role, but it's incumbent upon us as a company to limit fugitive emissions around methane. And that is very critical all across this country that we're on top of that. I expect to see the Biden administration likewise continue to regulate that area. But longer-term, natural gas, which we think over time will be replaced by hydrogen and green molecules, that will be the best way to get after heavy-duty transportation and the industrial side of the equation. So electrification can take you so far, but it will be moving from natural gas to hydrogen, we believe, and the green molecules that will support what we need to do to reduce emissions both in industry and transportation. So, I think you're going to continue to see the type of rate-based growth that you see in front of our utilities. And I'll remind you that when we got our rate case at SoCalGas, it basically approved a record capital expenditures because as you go forward in time, Michael, you've got to make sure that you maintain the reliability of that system but also that it maintains it in a safe way. So, we're going to definitely grow our electric side of our portfolio and as you can see by the middle of this decade, we expect to have $55 billion in rate base across those three utilities. We're very excited about.
Jeffrey Martin: Sure, no problem. I think what the administration is looking to do is they've proposed a set of reforms for the power industry. And there is a complex set of things that are embedded in the proposed law, but the one that's probably received the most press coverage is the attempt to really reorder the dispatch curves. As you know, typically market-by-market in the United States, lowest cost generation dispatches first, and particularly plants that have no or zero fuel cost like nuclear renewables. And I think with the downturn in the global economy, you got to remember that Mexico is a member of OPEC Plus, so they are a participant in the oil marketplace. And they have a little bit higher sulfur content in their fuel oil, so this is an opportunity for them to use more of their natural resources in power production. And what they're really trying to do is privilege in that dispatch curve that CFE's oil-fired plants would dispatch first. And the one that impacts the most are the IPP market participants that are actually using oil or natural gas in a competitive format. We're not in that business line. The only electric generation plant we have is connected to California. In fact, it's not even connected to the CFE grid and that provides support here in Southern California. It does impact our renewable portfolio but keep in mind, they're net short in electricity, so renewables will always dispatch. And this -- I think our Renewable business represents about 10% to 15% of the EBITDA in IEnova, and IEnova represents roughly 10% of the overall earnings of Sempra. But we think it's a manageable situation and I would also conclude on one thing, which is if the law is passed and it clears the Senate Chambers in the next two weeks or three weeks, it's got three fatal flaws. Number one, under the Mexican constitution, there is an implied covenant of fair dealings and open competition, so there will be constitutional challenges to the law. Number two, under the USMCA Agreement, there is also a requirement that governmental entities will not be privileged over state-owned entities. And then secondly -- I mean thirdly, we also have arguments that you can't pass it all like that and then retroactively apply it to marketplace without [ph] bilateral agreement. So, we have tried not to be in the middle of that fight, Mike. I think we've really set a course in Mexico to be an active participant in helping Lopez Obrador and his administration be successful. And that's one of the top reasons I think it was important that Trevor said in his prepared remarks that the Ministry of SENER, Rocio Nahle, joined us last week at the Veracruz terminal. We also had senior officials joining us at other development projects. So our goal is to help Mexico be successful. They need more foreign direct investment. They have a deficit in their infrastructure and this administration, fortunately, has been very committed to fiscal discipline. So, I think our job is to make sure that we're working in partnership with the government to advance the government's goals and it'll be interesting to see how the legislation you referred to plays out.
Jeffrey Martin: No, I think what I'm conveying to you is that we have talked to a broad list of investors, so you think about -- I think we've had this conversation before publicly. You think about focusing on people who are traditional infrastructure investors, and you've talked about focus on people who might characterize the strategics or strategic infrastructure investors. We're looking for people that can come forward and have an identity of interest with Sempra to build a very successful business. We think this platform can grow and we think it can grow aggressively. And what we're really focused on is what investor out there has a shared view of the franchise value of Mexico and a shared view of the franchise value of LNG. And whatever consideration they bring forward, we're certainly open-minded. I would tell you that it's most likely a cash transaction. I've never signaled that a potential in-kind transaction was the most likely. Although, there are opportunities for investors to contribute cash and in-kind investments. I don't see that as a high probability, but we're open-minded about it.
Jeffrey Martin: Right. And I think the nature of your question goes to this issue of why we've raised in-kind assets before because as you think about use of proceeds, this entire discussion very much is geared to how much equity do you sell. What's the implied valuation? Because that creates a pool of capital. And is that all cash or is that cash and partly in-kind? And I would tell you, when you think about use in that capital, we've tried to think about all the different permutations of whether it's 50/50 incremental CapEx and debt reductions or some other ratio. And we're pleased to be able to come forward today and mention the fact that even on our slides just in two businesses, we've identified incremental CapEx of $1.1 billion at SDG&E and SoCalGas over the balance of this year and next year. We've talked about in the past, Julien, I think on the Q4 -- on the Q3 call, that Oncor raised its overall capital program from $11.9 billion to $12.2 billion. And this is something we're constantly assessing all the time, so I would not rule out the opportunity for us to source or identify additional CapEx as we go through the year.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah, thank you for saying that. That is definitely one of our goals. They've got about over $1 billion of annual cash flows. So the whole goal of this transaction is to make sure that we continue to unburden Sempra's balance sheet to really grow aggressively our regulated utility platform at the same time that we're freeing up the balance sheet of Sempra Infrastructure Partners to self-fund its growth. So one of the things we've talked about, Jeremy, is making sure that we're working with the credit rating agencies and we've been doing this since last summer to -- when we complete this transaction that Sempra Infrastructure Partners will have an investment grade balance sheet and it will be able to self-fund all of these expected capital needs. The one exception may be Port Arthur, but it depends on how we approach funding out our obligations there and we would even consider bringing in equity partners at the project level if needed.
Jeffrey Martin: Well, I would say when you think about year-over-year, obviously in 2020 there were some earnings such as our discontinued operations. I think it was close to $93 million of contributions from our South American businesses before we sold those. Generally, there are positive contributions from the items you just mentioned because they're one-time and they tend to inject a small amount of entropy into our earnings, I think in the conversations we've had with various owners, we think that it's not material. And I think anything we can do to keep doing what we've done over the last three years to improve our earnings quality is really important to our owners and that's why we took that slight change.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. Look, there is no question that resiliency is becoming a more important theme all across the US energy space, right? So, you saw some of the challenges we had in California last summer. Obviously, the challenges that people met in Texas surprised a lot of people last week. And I think what we really want to do is make sure that people understand the importance of gas storage. So, Texas has a lot of geology that supports natural gas storage. One of the things, Stephen, that you've seen, particularly on the East Coast and the Northeast as you've covered utilities, is the importance sometimes of having liquid fuel on site. So peak-shaving LNG is quite common on the East Coast, I think there's over 50 facilities. So as you think about future solutions for the State of Texas, I think part of it is to make sure that they've got a balanced energy strategy to continue to make investments in green energy. That will require future investments in transmission. But also making sure that not only are the existing natural gas and coal plants properly weatherized, and that includes the nuclear plant that went down last week too, South Texas Power. It also means making sure that you have reliability. And there's this old saying from someone who was an old-timers who one time pointed to a cold stack that's at a power plant and said that's what reliability looks like. Well, I'm certainly not an advocate for coal but I do think that by privileging natural gas storage and the geology that Texas has and looking at ideas either around electric storage or particularly, LNG peak-shaving, one of the things you should expect to do is make sure that they've got the appropriate reserve margin and they've got fuel that is available and callable to meet the needs of the state during events like they had last week.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. I said this in an earlier comment, I want to make sure that I don't front-run all the good folks in Texas. If I look at this thing fresh up, we've got Don Clevenger, the CFO of Oncor, on the line. And I'll pass it to him in a minute, but we've recently gone through a strategy session with our Board where we looked at what it takes for the United States to get to net-zero by 2050. And one of the key issues is the most important thing is we march toward more renewables, green molecules, like we talked about before and hydrogen, as a significant expansion of our energy networks. So the biggest issue -- and there's different studies out there. There's a Princeton study and other studies. Some of them even have the electric grid increasing by 5x by 2050. So it doesn't matter what market you're in. This idea of electrification being a hard trend and the idea that distribution and transmission networks need to be extended -- expanded is really, really important. And I think we're as well-positioned as anyone, given our footprint in Texas and California. But maybe, Don, if wouldn't mind talking about your thoughts on Texas. And I know you don't want to get in front of the regulators in terms of what you think might happen, but you may just talk about, Don, how well-positioned you are with 1,100 different points in your system where generators will be connecting.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. I would just go back and say one of the interesting things about Oncor just remind you, Ryan, is we're not involved in the commodity marketplace. As you see other participants that have an obligation to go procure gas or generate electricity or produce electricity, we're not involved in that business so we don't have any direct bills to go to customers. We typically bill the retail energy providers. Oncor finished the year -- I think their December 31 balance sheet had about $2 billion of liquidity. So, we don't see any material issues of liquidity anywhere within the Sempra family of companies. And I think, Ryan, this goes back to a point I made a couple of times. We're an infrastructure provider, right? We did not want to own generation, we do not want to be exposed to commodity and we only participate in markets where we're decoupled from the volumetrics exposure of customers' consumption.
Jeffrey Martin: So in Texas and in California, there is a moratorium on shut-off, right, and there is a regulatory process that allows you to record regulatory assets. But in terms of liquidity, we don't see anything of significance. And if there is any issues with retailers, one of the things you're seeing in Texas is some of the retailers have raised their hand to be providers of last resort and they tend to be the retailers, Ryan, that have a stronger balance sheet and also own generation, but we're not seeing anything of material concern. And if we do have any bad debt-risk in the future, we certainly have a regulatory model in Texas, in California, where we can file for a regulatory asset.
Jeffrey Martin: Now, it's interesting. You recall that we built that facility last decade as a re-gas facility, and it's fully contracted for 20 years and those contracts are in place and it will continue to serve its current role through 2028. And so I think this was just making sure that that facility was available to support both markets in Mexico and the United States, and they have ongoing obligations and contracts with CFE down there. But it does highlight something that's important, Ryan, which is the value of storage. So there's been a lot of, obviously, discussions around the value of electric storage, which I think has a great future, but the value of storage in California and I think the increasing importance of storage in Texas has really been highlighted in the last couple of weeks.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. It's interesting. Kevin Sagara is with us on the call as well, but when I was at SDG&E I remember looking at some of the old strategy books from 1987 and 1990, and there was an embodying focus on making sure that bills did not get too high. This is something that we've been very focused on over multiple decades to make sure that the value of what we're providing is consistent with the value of what they're receiving. And I will tell you, we have relatively high rates in California. We expect those rates to go higher because of the needed capital spending, but what's most important and people miss this sometimes is our bills are well below the national average. And that's largely because we have very moderate weather here. And so many parts of the year and many parts of San Diego don't even have air conditioning. So because of the moderate weather, because of the commitment to energy efficiency across the state, you're incentivizing customers to use less. And as you do that, the per unit cost of electricity goes up, right? So rates probably continue to go up. We try to do everything possible to make sure that we meet those needs with energy efficiency and come up with programs to help people save on their bills. But right now, the annual bill is below average for the United States.
Jeffrey Martin: Look, I think for a long period of time, we've tried to say that we want to have the right strategy and we want to make investments that are consistent with areas where we can produce the best financial returns at the lowest risk for our utility investors. And we tend to focus on businesses that have substantially similar cost of capital and a model that provides substantially similar risk-adjusted cash flows. I think we've been successful in doing that and if you've covered the industry for the last couple of decades, you've seen people move into unregulated businesses and out of it. But the common denominator for people who have moved out of unregulated businesses, maybe they had challenges growing those businesses in a way or they've got a straddle or a stray on the issue of having a substantially similar cost of capital. And I think what you're seeing us do is we've made a very clear statement. We're going to be what we think is one of the most important owners of energy networks, specifically utility networks in the country. And we're going to be as well-positioned as any other provider to take advantage of what we think is important trends around electrification. And what you're seeing us do with Sempra Infrastructure Partners is make sure that we've sourced the lowest cost of capital to ensure that that business can self-fund. And when it self-funds, it really unlocks Sempra's balance sheet to continue to fund our priority, which is building out this network platform that we have in California and Texas. So as you see people who cannot grow outside the utility, they may hang a label of simplification on top of it, but you have to look back at how those changes in strategy has been helpful or not helpful to investors. I'm very deferential to how other companies run it but at our company, as long as we have an opportunity to add more value for our investors, I think it's something we're going to [ph] continue to do. And I'll actually add something, which I've been really intrigued by. When you look back over the last 12 months and think about the fact that our stock was trading at about $160 on February 19 of last year and ask yourself, have we added value to our overall franchise, specifically including some of the diversified investments that you're referring to, we've been able to bring two trains at Cameron online. It's transformed our LNG business and led to record earnings last year. We were able to sell both of our utilities in South America and de-risk our business model and bring back $5.8 billion of pre-tax proceeds. We've been able to improve our credit metrics, Trevor talked about this, and strengthened our balance sheet. We finished the year -- we had a target of 16% FFO-to-debt and we finished with 17%, and we're below a 50% threshold in debt-to-cap. We had record capital investments last year across both business lines, utilities and non-utilities of $7 billion. We raised guidance and exceeded guidance. We secured a 10.6% ROE at FERC on SDG&E's transmission assets. We bought back $500 million of stock. We took FID, the only FID in the world around LNG last year, and we announced this two-part SIP transaction. So what you should expect us to do is be very active about de-risking the model, always challenging ourselves about whether our unregulated businesses fit in our portfolio. And actually this underpins our transaction assigning a co-investor that has a shared vision for that business at the same time that we unlock Sempra's balance sheet and support our credit initiatives by ensuring that on a going-forward basis, Sempra Infrastructure Partner both has an investment grade balance sheet and the capability to fund all of its development initiatives.
Jeffrey Martin: Yeah. I've got our Group President of California with us, Kevin Sagara. And Kevin, perhaps you could update our audience on where we're at with the franchise.
Jeffrey Martin: Now, let me just conclude by saying we appreciate everyone attending our call. I'd like to acknowledge the challenges of the last 12 months and the significant impacts that everyone has had. We sincerely hope you all are saying safe and appreciate you taking the time to join us today. Per our convention, please feel free to reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. This concludes today's call. Thank you.
