Trevor Mihalik: Thanks Joe. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $813 million or $2.84 per share. This compares favorably to third quarter 2018 GAAP earnings of $274 million or $0.99 per share. On an adjusted basis, the third quarter 2019 earnings were $425 million or $1.50 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of $339 million or $1.23 per share. Please turn to slide 15, where I'll discuss the key drivers of our quarterly results. The variance in our third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following key items: $34 million of lower earnings at Sempra Renewables related to assets sold in December of 2018 and April of 2019; $24 million of lower earnings at SDG&E from electric transmission operations, primarily due to a FERC formulaic rate adjustment benefit in 2018; and $14 million of lower earnings at Sempra LNG, primarily due to lower earnings from our marketing operations, mainly driven by changes in natural gas prices. This was offset by Cameron Train 1 commencing commercial operations in August of 2019. These items were offset by $60 million of higher earnings at the California Utilities from higher CPUC base operating margin authorized in 2019, predominantly driven by the GRC final decision. Please note that our year-to-date results reflect the additional $196 million retroactive benefit from the GRC final decision for the first 6 months of the year. $58 million of higher equity earnings at the Sempra Texas Utility segment due to impacts of Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT. Higher distribution revenues resulting from an increase in volumes driven primarily by weather and higher transmission revenue driven by rates, and $38 million of variance at Sempra Mexico due to impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects, net of foreign currency hedges. This large delta year-over-year was primarily driven by an $11 million benefit in the third quarter of 2019 from a depreciating peso compared to $27 million of expense in the third quarter of 2018 from an appreciating peso. Please turn to the next slide. We're pleased to say that this was a very successful quarter, both operationally and financially. We're continuing to execute on our goals and are progressing our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. In line with this, as Joe previously indicated, we are raising our full year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range and affirming our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range, driven primarily by the constructive GRC decision at our California Utilities as well as the robust proceeds expected from the announced sale of our South American businesses. These proceeds should allow us to pay down parent debt and fund growth at our U.S. Utility and Infrastructure businesses. Importantly, we remain focused on achieving our goals, including maximizing long-term shareholder value. Before we open it up to Q&A though, I'd be remiss if I didn't thank Joe for his invaluable contributions to the company. As most of you know, Joe will be retiring soon. He has played an integral role in the growth and progression of our businesses during his nearly two-decade career at Sempra Energy. We'll all miss him and we wish Joe and his family, the very best in his retirement. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and stop to take your questions.
Trevor Mihalik: Hi Greg, yes, thanks for the question. Yes, this settlement means that all the parties have agreed to push this forward and let the FERC make a final decision on this. We expect that final decision to occur in the first quarter. At this point, there are some proceedings that will take place in November. But all the parties to the case, and I don't have them all at my fingertips, but we can get you those if that's important to you. But everybody has agreed to go forward with these numbers. So, that's what we would expect to get pushed out in the first of the year.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Thanks, Joe. Hey Greg. Again, from what Joe said, this is going to be a fairly immaterial amount for us and then we're anticipating it could be about $30 million a year given a 10-year amortization cycle on it. And so we're still looking at it. I think one of the things we probably will do is give prominence to it and try to break it out so that it's very clear, clearly shown on the face of the financials, but we're still evaluating that. But again, from our perspective, we generally do not exclude smaller items, and this would be a recurring item over a 10-year amortization period. So, I think our treatment may be different than Edison's.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, thanks, Joe. Yes. So, Julien, with the amounts of the proceeds that we'll be getting in the first quarter after tax, it's, call it, roughly between $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion. We would be deploying that cash in the short-term over paying down our short-term debt and then realigning the debt portfolio and then as well as having it support the CapEx growth. Certainly, we're seeing increased capital requirements in the California Utilities as a result of the GRC and the RAMP filing. A big portion of that GRC is allocated towards capital around safety and reliability. And then we've also seen an increase in the Texas Utilities with the capital going up there. So, deploying that capital as efficiently as we can.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, I think, when we look at this, Shar, the big legs of the stool is really in the growth in Texas are in and around the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex being one of the fastest-growing metroplexes and looking at kind of their 2% premise growth on a year-to-year basis. So that's really kind of on the distribution side. Then you look at the West Texas with the Permian and all what needs to be built out on the transmission side with the Permian. And then the third leg is, there's, call it, close to 100 gigawatts in the queue, which is primarily renewables based. So, you see kind of that slant towards more transmission right now as opposed to the growth that we're seeing in and around the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. But all three legs of the stool, renewables, West Texas and the Permian as well as Dallas are all very, very healthy growth areas for us. 
Trevor Mihalik: Sophie, yes, this is Trevor. I would just add one thing, though, that with the sale of the renewables that you saw earlier, we were able to maintain our guidance as we recycle that capital. And likewise, with the sale of South American recycling net capital coupled with, like Joe said, a constructive rate case, that's really focused on capital around safety and reliability, we feel good that we've been able to recycle capital and maintain guidance. So, a huge positive for us in that respect.
Trevor Mihalik: No, that's outside of the cost of capital. So, that's not in the specific guidance. But again, it most likely would be within that guidance range. 
Trevor Mihalik: Same thing. It would be in the guidance range. But it's not specifically included. No assumption on that is built into it right now.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, let me take that one, Paul. What we're leading to is calling it out prominently probably on the face of the financial statements, but probably not carving it out as a separate adjusted guidance. But again, we're still working through that right now. This quarter, it was pretty small. It was only $6 million of earnings, so we didn't call it out. But again, I think one way or the other; we will show it pretty prominently that people can identify that number on the face of the financial statements.
Joe Householder: Yes. Thank you, Greg for that question. I'll speak to it at first, and then I'll probably have Trevor add to that. I think first, I would say you have to recognize that there is a pretty significant difference in the amounts that we each contributed based on the size of our territory and all the work we've done over the last decade. And doing all the work we needed to do, the risk view was that our contribution was lower. And so it's less material to SDG&E than it was to Southern California Edison and then further less material to Sempra. But we're evaluating that. I did look at what they did. And the way they do core, noncore is probably a little different than we do adjusted earnings. And let me ask Trevor if he has another comment on it.
Joe Householder: Yes. So, thank you, Greg. Look, we've had a remarkable year, as I said in our opening remarks, thus far this year. And the proceeds that we're getting from the South American sale, the tax savings we've had there and a GRC out of this risk RAMP case that is -- that allowed the capital that we need to run the utilities in a safe and reliable manner. All of our businesses are doing well and we're very focused on the strategy and we're very pleased that we're able to maintain the guidance for next year based on the operations, based on the GRC, based on South America, all the elements you mentioned; it's very solid.
Joe Householder: Thank you, Steve. It's a broad question. I have quite a bit that I'd like to say about it. So, bear with me, probably and I appreciate your comment. We didn't have any significant wildfire, catastrophic fire in our territory. This year, we faced very severe weather conditions, but safety is top of mind across our companies in California and in Texas, where we've had some pretty severe tornadoes. But I want to start out with saying how proud I am and how proud we are of our team at SDG&E. I was actually over there at the emergency operations center the day before yesterday during the peak time, which was sort of between 10 in the morning and noon here. And I've been there many times in non-weather conditions and practice sessions. And that's always interesting, and I'm excited to see it. But seeing them in action, taking immediate decisions as the conditions change, and it's not just the people in that room that room is buzzing and they're all working together really well, but it's all the people in the field. I'm listening to phone calls back and forth about live conditions in the community, allowing the team to really have see on the ground, right? We have all these cameras, but now we have people on the ground and that underground experience, helping them make prudent decisions. I saw them turning off lines based on what was going on, on the ground to save lives and reduce the potential for fire. So, I just want to congratulate our team. I actually ask Caroline Winn, who is the COO at SDG&E to come, and I'm going to ask her to speak about this in a minute, but I want to touch on a couple of other points that you made. Look, I think the Governor did a really good job coming into office; working with the legislature and the company's; resetting the prudency standards, the presumptions; letting the CPUC consider factors within and outside our control; looking at humidity, temperature, wind speed. It's been an incredible difficult couple of weeks. So, we've had a big head start, and -- but we're not stopping. You probably saw our Fire Safe 3.0. We're continuing to innovate. And we will help the others try to catch up, but it's been 10 years of hard work, but we just keep wanting to get better and better. I have to tell you on the power shutoffs, I've advocated to Pedro and others like, you guys have got to, it's the only way you're going to keep people out of harm's way. And I have very strong views on this. We have to do it, okay? I think the Governor believes that we have to do it. The Governor has been very supportive of SDG&E. Power shutoff isn't the first thing we do. It's a tool and we use it when we have to, at the end, when there's no other option. But we're continuing to learn, innovate, the people really care and they are razor focused. It's not any time for newcomers, no time for a bunch of forms to fill out, reviews, debates, the situation is intense, and we're dealing with people's lives and we have to do it, and we know what we're doing, and we've proven that we know what we're doing. It's still a challenge, but I think it's manageable if you get the right processes in place. I want to have Caroline take a minute and explain how the last couple of weeks have been. And, yes, she's in charge of making sure that we're all safe.
Joe Householder: Thanks Caroline. And Steve, let me just add one more thing because you asked a broad question and one thing I would mention is, as I've watched this and I don't have all the information about the fires up north, where we've had fires in several different territories, not ours, it doesn't appear at this time that the magnitude of those fires will impinge on the fund. So, I think with the $1 billion requirement for insurance, these were large severe fires and our heart goes out to all these people, but it is such that it doesn't appear to me today that, that's impacting the fund. It's tough. And I can tell you, much the way many of you have been with us for 20 years, much the way we used to manage the commodity business, the CEO, myself, we worry about this stuff every day. Jeff was calling me, he's traveling overseas on the LNG business, but he's been calling me and contacting me every day about this. He worries about it every day. I worry. Then we call Kevin, then we call Caroline. We're on top of it. And it's just something that we have to manage, much like people in the Northeast or the Southeast have to manage hurricanes or snow events or whatever. We have to manage this and it's a little bit new for California. California is a mild climate. And generally, we don't have outages. This is a different event, and we're learning to deal with it. Thank you.
Joe Householder: Sure, sure. Thank you. So, I appreciate the questions. These LNG liquefaction projects are very large, complex and quite competitive. And we are progressing these projects to help unlock North America's energy potential and deliver clean energy across the globe. And I travel around the world a lot as Jeff, and we want to get these projects right for our customers and our investors. And in most of these cases, our customers are also investors in the project. And as we've traveled around, and I was recently in Japan, just been in multiple countries in the last 10 days, we were both at the Cameron, dedication with all of our current partners and customers at Cameron and others, we find them all committed to ensuring the success of these projects and long-term returns. So, I know it feels like it's taking time. But this is just us getting it right. We're highly focused on creating value. And I feel really good about the projects and the team. I wouldn't read anything into this. This is us making sure we get the EPC agreements, get the right contractor, get all the things we need to take FID. We are starting to work on financing for Port Arthur. But our partners also have to get comfortable with the returns and everything. Everybody's working toward it. And so I wouldn't read anything in. These are small months in time when we're talking about four or five-year construction projects and multiple year development projects. We are signing a lot of MOUs, and you see that. Partially, that is, the customers are quite excited about being in some of these projects, and they worry that they're going to get left out and they want to sign something. And so we're signing these things, but we're not quite ready. So, we signed an MOU for Cameron expansion. The partners are moving forward. We've got Total telling us exactly how they think we should do it. We haven't voted on anything yet. We've got the expansion at ECA. We're not ready to take FID on that yet. We don't have all the designs and everything, but people want to have their place and it's important. And so we're making that public. I think as we make progress, we'll try to make -- you guys can see all the FERC things, you see that we're actually in commissioning and Train 2 at Cameron now. It's a little bit harder in the development phase. I think as you see us start to do something like financing work at Port Arthur, you'll see -- you'll get the confidence that we have.
Joe Householder: So, a couple of things to address there, Michael. So, what we've addressed here is the impact on 2019 through the third quarter of the rate cases, the affirmation of our 2020 guidance without all the pieces, some of that relating to the confidence we have in the rate cases. There's nothing in there relating to the cost of capital, which we expect to get settled by the end of this year that starts effective next year. So, that will be a component that we would expect to see. I think you'll get more details around all of this at the Investor Day. There are some projects that we do at both companies that are sometimes out of the GRC, we'll lay those out, and you've seen those before. But we'll give you a lot more clarity into 2020 and beyond at the Investor Day.
Joe Householder: Sorry, you asked, on the FERC question -- on the FERC question, that one, we expect to get finalized next year. And we would see a step-up from our current rate to the new rate starting then.
Joe Householder: Yes, let me speak to that. I mean, first and foremost, all of the partners in Cameron are very focused on getting Trains 2 and 3 finished and into service before we do anything beyond that. So that's a primary goal, and we're getting very close. I mean we're about 96% finished and really Train 2 is in commissioning and 3 not far behind. So, those are almost done, but they still need to finish their commissioning process. Everybody is focused on that. We are still just in the last couple of weeks have kind of honed in on what we think we want to build there. We haven't announced what that is yet. And we are still deciding how we're going to do that. It's undetermined at this point exactly how we're going to do it or who will do it. So, I think you probably remember from a few years ago when we were going to try to do Train 4, we were going to try to do continuous construction. That ship really failed because what's going on right now is doing a lot of electrical work. It's being done by subcontractors and the commissioning is being done mostly by Chiyoda people and some McDermott people. It's not the same people that would get -- go in and start doing pilings again. So, the idea of any kind of continuous construction went away years ago. And so I think, I'd leave it with that.
Joe Householder: Well, look, I'm not going to talk about some kind of an M&A sort of transaction, which that isn't a bit of. But I would say this, remember, we already have 50% ownership. We don't own 100%. So, it's a little bit different situation. We clearly have good value. You can see the cash flow, the EBITDA from Cameron. And we've had good value in the company from Cameron for some time now as we've been constructing it. But I would say, we're going to build a pretty large LNG business. And I would think that we are going to use that cash flow to help build both the expansion at Cameron and new projects. So, that's what I would think we would be doing to create value -- to create additional value. We're always open to looking at things like that. But know, we've looked at MLP some time ago, that ship sale. But -- we're always looking at things. I actually think we will wind up using the cash for building our LNG business bigger.
Joe Householder: Look, I think that as we were able to finalize the sales agreements for South America, assess the rate case, which just got finalized at the end of September, and look at all of our businesses afresh, we became very confident that our guidance range was still good, despite the sales and that was really good news for us because all the businesses are doing well. We have confidence in Cameron and the California Utilities, Oncor and then the South American proceeds. They all come into play. We're not going to break down segment guidance until we have our Investor Day. So, we'll give you all that detail at that point in time.
Joe Householder: Yes, let me take it first, Paul. And then I think I'll have Caroline also address it. It's quite interesting and I alluded to this earlier, I've lived in different parts of the country and seen power go out for a variety of reasons, generally, weather events, right? You have planned outages; those are usually generally very short in term. But I've seen weather events across the Eastern seaboard. And nobody likes it, but it happens. And if there's ice and snow or wind knocks trees down and knocks the lines down. This is what happens. And I've been through periods where the utility in and around Washington, D.C. was -- you didn't do enough to keep the reliability up. So, it's always an issue. I think in California, we've been so used to mild climates and very high reliability that it's a little bit unusual. And what we've tried to do, and I'm going to let Caroline speak to this, is we've -- over the 10 years, we have tried to figure out a way, segment our grid, really take out the power, shut the power off for safety reasons in small areas where the wind speed is just too intense. And that doesn't cause as much issue. Although at the very beginning, it was difficult, but then we started to build centers for people to go to, got the communications chain. So, we learned a little bit by doing. I think up north, they're cutting off a much larger percentage of people, of course, they have a bigger territory. I don't think they're at the point yet where they can do exactly what we're doing; they can get there. But I think that's what you've seen a little bit of backlash on. It's something people in other parts of the country have had to deal with for most of their lives and people in Northern California haven't. Caroline, can you talk about this? Because what you've said is something about hundreds of thousands. We had a much smaller number of people out than that. They've had very significant, over 1 million, I think. Caroline, go ahead.
Joe Householder: Thank you all for joining us today. I will see many of you at EEI in about a week. In any event, I'd like to express my gratitude to each of you for the confidence you've had in Sempra Energy and support you've given me, and it's been a real pleasure knowing you all. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. And have a great day.
Caroline Winn: Thanks Joe. Just to give a little context, we're coming off the heels of our fourth Santa Ana Red Flag event of the season. We saw typical wind speeds consistently blowing at 20 to 30 miles per hour and peaking at 60 to 80 miles per hour in our highest elevations during this operational period. I will tell you that our system held up well given the environmental conditions and there were no major fires, as Joe mentioned. Around 25,000 customers in this last event were impacted by the public safety power shutoff, and I'm encouraged with our ability to minimize the customers that are affected as a result of PSPS. Our capabilities have been really enhanced over the last several years as a result of our investments in more precise controls of our PSPS plans. And I would also add that in the last couple of years, we have been focused on refining our customer outreach and communication strategy as well as our operational readiness and response. Just speaking a little bit more about customer outreach. We understand the impact that these outages have on businesses and families. And this is an area that we've been really focused on. And there are 3 areas that I'd just like to mention. The first is a comprehensive and advanced notification to our customers. We don't want our customers surprise, and we want to provide them with complete information so they can make the appropriate plans for their families and businesses. Having said that, the weather conditions can change on a dime and there are circumstances where we may need to turn off the power to customers that we hadn't anticipated. And we're not shy to do so. I would say, two, we have worked on the strategic placement of our community resource centers throughout the community to make sure that they're properly placed and make sure that customers have easy in, easy out access, and they have the information and the amenities that they need. And I'd say, lastly, it's our key to building strategic partnerships. We learned very early on that we can't do this alone. And so in fact, before these events, we had conference calls with our non-profit and community-based organizations so that all customers were notified and had the things they need. I think a good example is before this last event, we partnered with Meals on Wheels and the Red Cross to provide the senior communities affected by this PSPS with the amenities that they would need during these cooler temperatures. So, that's just some examples of the areas, and we continue to refine our plan. We continue to improve what we do and learn from every event that we have.
Caroline Winn: Sure. In our last event, we impacted around 25,000 customers, as I mentioned earlier, and I would just tell you that over the past decade, we continue to improve. And one of the things that we did early on after we've had these public safety power shutoff, we set our senior management team to these communities that were impacted to do one thing, and that was to listen to customers. What were customers concerned, how can we lessen the impact when a PSPS occurs. And that's really where the idea of these community resource centers was generated from us going out and listening to our customers. And in turn, we're showing them the types of conditions that we're seeing and the types of wind speeds that the area is experiencing, and I would just tell you that we're also going out and doing community resilience fares. So, we're out in the communities that were most impacted. And I have to tell you that over the years, the impact and the response from customers has been actually positive. They're thanking us for turning off the power. And so I'm really pleased to hear that. Now is 100% of the customers happy? No, but I can tell you that customers are more accepting of the practice that we're doing and they know the conditions we're experiencing. And we're listening on how to lessen the impact to them when we do have to do a PSPS. 
Caroline Winn: Yes, it's absolutely different in the highest elevation, where we've had to do more significant PSPS. But I can tell you, in the last -- the events over the last week, the average duration of these PSPS has been around 24 hours. So, we have tried to minimize that. However, we're also careful that we're not going to turn the system back on when the conditions prevail. We do 100% patrols of all of our circuitry and the circuit segments that we de-energize to ensure that there's no trees on the line. There's been no damage to the lines. And surprisingly, we have found things that have happened. We found broken poles. We found broken cross-arms. We found trees on wires. So, that's the importance of doing these 100% patrols before we turn back customers on.
