Jeffrey Walker Martin: Thanks, Debbie. I have the good fortune of starting my new role on a positive note. We've updated our plan and are increasing our 2017 EPS guidance range. Our new 2017 guidance is $4.85 to $5.25 per share. Our new range is up from the previous guidance of $4.80 to $5.20, provided at last year's Analyst Conference. Next, I'll briefly discuss the key drivers of our updated guidance. First, both SDG&E and IEnova had strong performance in 2016, and we expect the improved performance to continue. Given the strong international growth opportunities, we're no longer planning to repatriate cash from current earnings from Mexico or Peru. Our plan is to indefinitely reinvest the cash locally in capital projects. Compared to previous guidance, our tax expense is lower because of this change. These benefits were partially offset by higher insurance costs at SDG&E and SoCalGas, that are not fully offset by cost savings included in our prior plan. Let's turn to slide 8 to discuss our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $379 million or $1.51 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported fourth quarter earnings of $383 million or $1.52 per share. Full-year 2016 earnings were $1.370 billion or $5.46 per share. This compares favorably to 2015 earnings of $1.349 billion or $5.37 per share. On an adjusted basis, 2016 earnings were $5.05 per share. This year you'll also see the organizational changes we announced last fall. Our operations are now combined into two groups, Sempra Utilities and Sempra Infrastructure. Individual financial results for each of our businesses can be found in the appendix. Next I'll go through a comparison of 2016 to 2015. This slide highlights our recent results and that they were impacted by several items. Debbie addressed the first five items earlier in her remarks. Please note that the change in our planned repatriation resulted in a reversal in 2016 of a $20 million tax charge taken in 2015. The other main drivers of the year-over-year comparison are as follows; $9 million of net higher earnings at the California utilities, offset by $14 million lower favorable impact from the resolution of prior year's taxes at parent and $25 million lower favorable impact from foreign currency and inflation effects at Sempra Mexico and the South American utilities. Next, let's please turn to slide 10. I'd like to end with a discussion on tax reform. There are a few proposals being circulated and we've evaluated several scenarios. At a high-level, we believe that most likely outcomes would not materially impact our projected earnings. At our California utilities, which represent almost 80% of our 2016 adjusted earnings, we don't expect any significant impact. It's important to remember there's been a history of flow-through treatment for major tax reform dating back to 1986 and we expect any differences to be recorded in the memo account established by our final 2016 GRC. Under that decision, you will recall, we're required to track the impacts of tax changes with amounts reviewed in the next rate case. There are also opportunities to offset any potential reduced rate base from 100% expensing with additional capital spending. When you consider the potential impact to our EPS five years from now, we expect there's a potential range of a negative 5% to 6% to a positive 5% to 6%. The low end assumes 20% corporate tax rate, 100% expensing of capital, immediate non-deductibility of interest, and a potential to use some foreign cash to reduce U.S. debt. In contrast, the high-end scenario has the same assumptions except Cameron qualifies for the border tax exemption and the non-deductibility of interest is confined to new debt only. We've also looked at additional scenarios, which we believe are more likely and involve some form of mitigation resulting in a range of negative 1% to 3%. To be clear, we found this to be the most likely outcome. It's uncertain if there'll be any material change to our current tax laws, but if they are the impacts to our earnings profile to be materially different than what is shown here. In the interim, we'll be working with key trade associations and independently to ensure that the unique aspects of our industry and our company are fully understood and fairly represented. Next, please turn to slide 11 for a few closing remarks from Debbie.
Jeffrey Walker Martin: Greg, thanks a lot for your question. I mean I think one of the things I would say in response is we had our largest ever capital campaign last year of $5.3 billion, that was driven largely by our California utilities with $2.7 billion. But we are seeing a lot more deal flow outside of our regulated utilities, a lot of that showed up last year in Mexico. I think from a repatriation standpoint, we're really looking at whether we can put those earnings to work in a more efficient way there locally. And that currently is our assumption going into our planning period. So this is something we probably as you indicated, we'll give you a lot more visibility on in April.
Jeffrey Walker Martin: Good morning, Michael. I will just start by saying that when you get back to what the policymakers' priorities are in California, you think about safety and reliability and grid modernization. I mean, these are kind of ride in the wheelhouse. So we think it is important to our customers. So, if you go back to the original conversation on bonus depreciation several years ago, I think what you've really seen is the company is spending more capital to meet the policymakers' requirements, and no real change in terms of the impact to our rate base. And I think to Debbie's point, the bonus depreciation rules, which are in place today, were really reflected in the guidance we laid out last summer. And then on a going-forward basis, if you did move under tax reform to a 100% expensing, I think what we've laid out is, to Debbie's point again, it would require us about another $100 million of incremental capital at each of our utility to not have any erosion to our rate base. So, I think one of the things that we're kind of embolden by as we spend about – invest about $2.7 billion in 2016, which is one of our highest shares ever in terms of capital deployment at SoCalGas and SDG&E, we have lots of opportunity going forward. So I think there is a fair amount of enthusiasm of getting to the Analyst Day and kind of laying out that larger capital plan. And then with respect to cash taxes, currently, we had an effective tax rate last year of 21%, we think that probably goes up slightly going into 2017, but currently, we are not in a cash taxpaying situation.
Jeffrey Walker Martin: I think just as you think about it, under a border adjustment, the taxes will apply to where the goods are consumed rather than produced. And the thing that hits us most directly as you recall, we have two facilities that actually we import power in the United States from. The first one is our Mexicali Power Plant referred to as TdM, that one is held for sale, so we expect that will resolve itself by middle of the summer. And then secondly, IEnova has the ESJ wind farm that dispatches into the California grid. We've done some assessment around that and the applicable taxes, if border adjustment did go forward and we think that's a non-material issue to our company. But what's a little bit interesting is, if you think about the Cameron facility, it's probably unlikely, Paul, that it would apply to us, but there have been scenarios in different bad countries, where the export exemption has applied upstream. So think about that as a towing facility, no different than a power plant, right? Our customers bring gas to the facility and they are ultimately the ultimate exporter from the facility, it's just something we want to track closely, because if you did see a decline in the corporate tax rate from 35% to 20%, if the border adjustment did apply, it would be reducing the tax on Cameron an incremental 20% to 0%. So again, to Debbie's point, it's probably speculative at this point. It will really depend on how the legislation is written, but it's something that we'll be actively following.
Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Jeff. In summary, we were able to meet our 2016 adjusted earnings guidance, while positioning ourselves for long-term success. We executed our operational plan and continue to resolve key challenges, including finalizing the GRC at our California utilities and most recently reaching a proposed settlement on the cost of capital extension, closing the PEMEX JV acquisition, winning the marine pipeline bid jointly with TransCanada and executing the successful IEnova equity follow-on offerings in Mexico. Selling REX and our Southeast utilities to more closely align our assets with our long-term growth strategy and making significant progress related to Aliso Canyon. These are just some of the accomplishments that have established our foundation for future success and give us confidence in our 2017 dividend growth and earnings guidance discussed today. We look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Analyst Conference here in San Diego on April 4 and April 5 and talking more then about our future. Finally, I'd like to take a minute to acknowledge Mark Snell for his extraordinary contributions to the success of Sempra. It has been a pleasure to work with him over the last 15 years, and we wish him well as he moves into the next chapter of his life. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions you have.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, so I mean those were the major things that occurred, there were, we tried to delineate pretty much everything that was happening for the quarter and for the year. So you could get a good picture of it. And I think that the major issues were some of the tax things and then there was a change in the accounting methodology for stock-based compensation and that also had an effect for last year's results.
Debra L. Reed: Our intention is to give the 2018 numbers and then to give a growth rate through 2021, consistent with...
Debra L. Reed: I think those are the things you named are the most significant things and we'll give you the details of that when we get to the Analyst Conference with laying out our 2018 numbers and then what has changed from when we last forecast 2018, which was several years ago. So, one thing as an example when we last forecast 2018, we still were forecasting REX in it. So, I mean I think most of those things you know about and I don't think that there is anything that I'm aware of that you probably don't already know about, but how it all comes together we'll share with you when we get to the Analyst Meeting.
Debra L. Reed: No. We really haven't seen anything impacting our business in Mexico. We see amazing growth opportunities in Mexico, and what we see there happening is that the markets that are opening are creating additional opportunities for us. We see some electric transmission bids coming, renewables is a big focus, they've set a renewable portfolio standard. Those bids we see going forward and then we're really interested in some opportunities we see with liquids pipelines and receiving terminals. And so, we see that business continuing to move forward and in discussions that we've had with the officials in Mexico and then with some of the administration that this – when we look at energy imports, exports, the U.S. export is twice as much in the energy space to Mexico as we receive from Mexico. So it really meets what the focus is, is to correct any trade imbalances. And so we see that opportunity for us to continue to grow in the energy space in Mexico remaining under the administration. And so going forward, we'd be talking about a lot of opportunities that Carlos and his team have on the drawing board right now, when we get to our Analyst Meeting, and are very excited about it.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I'm going to have Jeff and Trevor talk about that. As Jeff mentioned, when we looked at the provisions of tax reform going forward and the impact of bonus depreciation beyond the time that we had envisioned in our plan, because when we gave you our plans, we always looked at the bonus depreciation effect in the plans as far as that had been continued. Now if that continues beyond the timeframe, Jeff indicated to you that we thought it would be – it's about a 10% more capital or about a $100 million of each utility that would need to be spent to offset that, and we feel that that is very achievable with the kinds of long-term projects that we have like PSEP underway. So, but I'll have Jeff specifically talk on the cash tax impact.
Debra L. Reed: I mean, Michael, we always look at that, and that we always assess the structure of our company, we look at the assets that we have and which assets we want to keep and which we want to dispose of. I mean I think you've seen us do that clearly. We – in the last year we sold REX and we sold the Mobile Gas and Willmut Gas. And so, we always look at those things, and there is nothing in the near-term offing for that, but as those businesses continue to grow; we've tried to preserve optionality. I mean that was one reason we did the IPO in Mexico, we have an ownership in Peru that is outside of our ownership and we tried to structure these things in a way that will give us flexibility. The businesses no longer fit together in a portfolio that we would have the option of changing the way the businesses are structured, but there is nothing that we have – you should not read this as a sign that anything is planned now.
Debra L. Reed: When we – what Joe was going through is, when we structured Cameron, we were very clear on the risk that Sempra was willing to keep and the risk that we wanted to lay off to other parties. And for Trains 1 through 3, it was very clear to us that we did not want to take the construction risk associated with either pricing or timing of construction, because we were not doing the construction and we were not – you have a joint venture overseeing the construction, it wasn't Sempra alone overseeing the construction. So, we fashioned this in a way that we protected our shareholder interest and keeping the economics of the project solid, regardless of what happened with the timing or the cost of construction. We laid those risks off intentionally. That's not to say that we're not looking at expansion and when we did that contract, we also looked at the expandability of the facility and we had terms in the agreement that went through, how we would expand to a 5-train facility. We've commented before that one of our partners has not been willing to provide the equity for the expansion and that we are working to resolve those issues with that partner, so that we can expand to a Train 4, that we've had meetings with that partner and the principals of that partner and are in discussions with them to see, if we can reach a resolution on that. And then, once we get that resolved, we are very interested in continuing forward with Cameron Train 4, because we think it's going to be one of the lowest cost options in the marketplace and it's a really good option. And so, nothing has changed in that, but as we told you before, we've got to resolve this partner issue in order for us to move forward with expansion and we're diligently working on that now.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. And what I would say is that we've looked at this several times and that it depends on the market that you want to serve, and when we looked at it, as we were looking at potentially serving the Hawaiian market out of Costa Azul and something like that for a smaller market may make sense. I mean most of what we're looking at is the focus on the lowest cost for the volume of the facility and we don't see that technology as being the best technology when you have the kind of facilities that we have, that have great shipping up lanes and docking potential and all of that. If you had to serve islands in the Caribbean or Hawaii, it's by application and by the market you are going after and that we tend to go after the larger markets with long-term contracts and that's kind of our business plan.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks for joining us this morning. We really appreciated the questions and we hope to see all of you at our Analyst Conference on April 4 and April 5 in San Diego. And if you have any follow-up questions our IR team will be available to respond to them later today. Thank you very much.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Greg. The concise answer to your question is no, we did not change the contract, but the contractor still has earlier dates in it. This is their working schedule that they're working with and the one they think is achievable.
Joseph A. Householder: We have not – that's correct, we've not. And as you might remember, our IRR pretty much stays intact, whether there is a change in cost or a change in schedule. The most important thing is our earnings are protected it's just a question really of what happens to the tariff with respect to the issue that (19:24).
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. These are complex projects. There's thousands – there's over 20,000 line items of things that they're working on. So there's lots of things that go on in the project. Certainly weather is a factor among other things. One of the things that we spoke about yesterday when we talked about their confidence in meeting the working schedule is, they're making sure that logistically they're doing things in the best way possible. So, for example, they were talking about how they're going to move pieces of equipment directly to locations, reducing the use of cranes. There's so many different things, it's hard to characterize and pin anything on one particular item, because there are so many. But we had a good meeting with them yesterday and spoke about a number of issues. Again, remember that the Cameron joint venture is, the one in-charge of the contract with them and working with them on a daily basis and our director and I were there to basically do due diligence for Sempra to understand where they were and their confidence level in moving along and keeping to the working schedule and keeping that on track.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. Faisel, as Debbie said, we continue to look at many of these things, we look at a lot of projects. We're very mostly focused on the three projects, the Cameron expansion, the Port Arthur and ECA facility and building the larger scale trains, we think those will have the best economics and in terms of getting to the large scale customers. I think a lot of these smaller scale wins work well in the emerging markets things and some of the other ones, but that's not where our current focus is.
Joseph A. Householder: These might eventually turnout okay, but when you are dealing with the big utilities, you're looking for something that has sustained reliability over long periods of time and they want to make sure that when they sign up for something that you are going to be able to deliver operating results over long periods of time.
