Jeff Martin: Thank you all for joining us today. We're pleased with the strength of our third quarter results, which sets the stage for our Company's continued growth. Given current geopolitical tensions, countries around the world are looking to ensure they are not dependent on supply chains that are subject to disruption and uncertainty. Increasingly, they want to source essential goods, whether food, liquefied natural gas, or microchips closer to home or from dependable allies. With this trend toward deglobalization, we see North America as one of the principal beneficiaries. We also believe these trends support important new growth in Mexico, where in the first half of 2023, foreign direct investment has risen sharply by approximately 40% over the prior year comparable period. Just this year, Mexico has also surpassed China as America's largest trading partner. As these trends continue, new higher levels of investment in North America's energy grid will be critical to supporting continued economic expansion. That's why at Sempra, we're really excited about our mission to build this continent's premier energy infrastructure company. As part of that mission, we focus significant time and effort on building a high-performing culture where we invest for the long-term in our business and our employees. And in combination, this has helped us achieve strong financial and operating results. Our strategy focuses on what we believe are the most attractive markets in North America with strong economic growth and constructive regulation. Combined with capital discipline, this positions Sempra to deliver competitive long-term returns for our owners. Also, our business is expected to benefit from secular tailwinds that support our five-year capital plan of approximately $40 billion. You will recall I've spoken before about the opportunities that lie ahead for Oncor and the possibility of doubling their rate base over the next five to six years. While we're still early in our fall planning process, we expect to increase our $40 billion capital plan by 10% to 20% when we update our five-year plan on our fourth quarter call. This increase is expected to be anchored by regulated utility investments and primarily driven by Oncor. Overall, we continue to see significant growth in multiple areas of Oncor service territory. And with Allen here today, he will speak to some of those opportunities later on today's call. Turning to the quarter, we believe our results demonstrate the strength of our business and our ability to continue producing strong earnings growth. Earlier today, we reported third quarter 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 and year-to-date 2023 adjusted earnings per share of $3.48. Given our year-to-date success, we're expecting to be at or above the high end of our 2023 adjusted EPS guidance range and we're affirming our 2024 EPS guidance range and projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. Finally, let me take a moment to speak about Kevin Sagara, who will be retiring next month after nearly 30 years of service at Sempra and its predecessor companies. Kevin was instrumental in the 1998 transaction that originally formed Sempra when the parent companies of SDG&E and SoCalGas merged. He has held many leadership positions across our companies, including CEO of Sempra Renewables, CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric, as well as his recent role as Group President over our California Utilities. He's had a really amazing career here and made significant contributions to our success and will be greatly missed. Now let me turn the call over to Allen Nye, who will take us through business developments in Texas.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Shar. The way I would think about it is, we just had – Trevor and I just had our Oncor Board meeting just two weeks ago. They’re going through their planning process. And what’s different this year relative to prior years is we’ve aligned our financial planning process here at Sempra with the work that Allen and Don do in Dallas. And as we’ve been going through that process, we’ll make some final decisions with the Oncor Board later this year and look to kind of report kind of a comprehensive view on our capital in February. The good news is we’ve seen enough direction about where the capital plan is going to provide that 10% to 20% guidance. So, look, I was thinking about this before. If you go all the way back to the early 2018 time frame, we had roughly a $14 billion five year capital plan. And right now we’re executing on one that’s close to $40 billion. And we’re expecting that to go up quite significantly between now and February. So we’ve been on a pretty big growth campaign over the last three to five years, and we’re pleased that it’s continued. What we can guide you to is it will be anchored to utility investments and specifically led by Texas.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I’ll make a couple of comments and I’ll pass it to Justin. I would start by saying that we’re at this point in the planning process where we’re not going to go into details about what’s in the plan or outside the plan. What’s more important to us is our LNG strategy, which you’re referring to is moving forward briskly, primarily because as compared to our peers, we have the opportunity to both dispatch LNG directly into the Pacific and out of the Gulf. I would update you, Shar, that Cameron Phase 1 is producing in excess of 100% of its expected volumes. Both ECA Phase 1 and Port Arthur Phase 1 are in construction and moving forward on schedule with a great safety record. And I think what might be helpful to your question is for Justin. Maybe do two things, Justin, if you would, talk about the development status of Cameron LNG Phase 2, Port Arthur Phase 2, and then speak directly, if you don’t mind, both to the Louisiana connector as well as the storage facility.
Jeff Martin: I think, one of the most important things we’re tracking right now, Carly, is making sure that we have a successful execution of our general rate case here in California that continues to go well. We’ve got a track record of working well with all stakeholders to get to good outcomes for our rate payers. So that’s one that we’re following. We’ve obviously got several things that Justin just went over in terms of development opportunities related to Port Arthur Phase 2 and Cameron Phase 2, both of those are significant opportunities for our company. And I think Justin and his team have a fair amount of momentum on both of those projects. And what might be helpful to you is to give a little bit color about some of the drivers, specifically in Texas, having spent more time out there. It is really quite remarkable. I’ve been in the business for almost three decades, and it’s quite remarkable the type of growth and how diversified the growth is in Texas. And maybe if we could, Allen, if you could provide a little bit more color about where some of the growth is coming from and why it’s impacting your capital plan so strongly.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for the question, Carly. I know that PG&E spoke to this on their call last week and Edison spoke to it earlier this week. And the way we think about it is the cost of capital mechanism was put in place for situations in our view, when the capital markets move outside the deadband. And with the rising rates that we've all seen, that's what we've seen over the last year. Based on the methodology that's used in California, the cost of capital mechanism has triggered. And accordingly, Carly, we have filed our advice letters last month with the resulting change to rates. You may have seen yesterday, interveners filed their joint filing and we'll make our reply next week. But from our perspective, at the end of the day, we fully anticipate the commission will support the existing adjustment mechanism that's in place. And in terms of 2024 guidance, we reaffirmed that today. We've taken this question before and we've said that whether it goes forward or doesn't go forward, it's within the range that we published.
Jeff Martin: Steve, it's something we have under evaluation right now. And as you know, when you think about financial segments, you think about how Trevor and I view the business. And from an accounting perspective, we think this is something that might make sense in terms of how we manage the business across three growth platforms. But, Trevor, perhaps you can provide some additional color from Steve on where you're at with your analysis.
Jeff Martin: Sure. No, we're not selling down any portions of the utilities. No, most importantly, when you see this type of growth that's in front of our company, it goes back to kind of first principles at Sempra which is being a disciplined allocator of capital, and it's just as important to match that discipline with efficiently sourcing. And we've answered this a couple of different times, Trevor, but maybe you just provide some color on how you're thinking about again.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you, Jillian for that question. I would start by referring you to Slide 13 in our slide deck. And just historically, it gives you a sense of how much growth we've seen in our capital plan from 2017 to 2023. And it gives you a sense of the question you just asked, Trevor. We've been pretty thoughtful about how we source capital and how we allocate capital to growth. In terms of regulatory lag, I think there's a couple of key takeaways here for the audience. Number one, on our Q2 call and again today, we've talked about the quality of the regulatory compact in Texas. Several different bills that Allen walked through specifically reduced regulatory lag, which led to his improvement in terms of expectations of $70 million to $90 million of additional earnings. Likewise, SB 410 is passed in California, very similar to some of the initiatives in Texas. And this, again, allows for reduced lag between rate cases on some of these investments around electrification. So we're going to be very thoughtful about making sure that when we grow our rate base you're going to see earnings growth really track that rate base over time. So we've taken these things into consideration. We're midway through our financial planning process for the fall. We feel great about the direction things are going for the company. We have a lot of growth ahead of us. But anytime you see this level of growth, what Trevor and I are focused on is making sure that we're driving discipline throughout the organization in terms of how we allocate capital and how we source capital.
Jeff Martin: I think, our job is and we have multiple meetings about this we're trying to improve returns in all three of our growth businesses all the time. That's clearly right in our wheelhouse of the discussions of the management team.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Now, obviously, this is something that we're still evaluating but remember, over the last three or four years, one of my priorities with our Board has been to simplify our business model. And I've talked about it a fair amount, Nick, that anytime you can simplify your business, take risk away from how you execute, you can make your business more valuable. So we've boiled this business down from to having really three primary growth platforms Sempra, Texas, Sempra California, and Sempra Infrastructure. And all we're really evaluating at this point is, would it make sense for us as key executive decision makers to make sure that our accounting reflects how we think about and manage the business? This is something we're going to evaluate over the next several months and come back to you guys on Q4. It's no major legal reorganization. It's not that at all. It's just a matter of does it not reflect a more simplified form of how we manage and operate the business.
Jeff Martin: No, I appreciate that question, and we're always looking to put upward pressure on that growth rate. But the way we've always oriented is we don't think about a 6% to 8% growth rate as a year-over-year issue or necessarily even a five year planning issue over long periods of time. We're one of the few companies in our sector that have been able to deliver those type of results. So over a 20 year period of time, we've grown our earnings per share at a 7% CAGR in the last 10 years, we've grown it at an 8% CAGR in the last three or four years, we've grown it at rates much higher than that. So I think our orientation is you're talking about a sector that has traditionally grown EPS at 3% or 4%. We're very comfortable that over long periods of time that we can deliver a 6% to 8% growth rate. But I think you're on the right track. We're certainly talking about a unique set of growth drivers in front of the business today. So we as a management team would always be looking to see if we could not push and exceed those expectations, if possible.
Jeff Martin: Thank you. Before we close out the call, I wanted to thank everyone who took the time to join today. I know it's been a busy week with a lot of earnings calls. Here's a few key takeaways. Number one, we had a strong quarter of financial results with year to date results trending ahead of the comparable period in 2022, which you will recall was a record year for the company. As a result, we're guiding our adjusted EPS to at or above the high end of our guidance range. Number two, we're also seeing a portfolio of new opportunities, particularly in Texas, to deploy higher levels of investment and are expecting to raise our five year capital plan by 10% to 20%. I'd also want to mention that we'll be attending EEI next weekend in Phoenix and very much look forward to spending time with each of you in person at that time. Thank you again for joining. This concludes our call.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jeff. I know Trevor just kind of answered the question a little bit here. But on the 10% to 20% CapEx, I mean, that’s obviously significant financing needs that will come with that. And you guys have different levers, right? You’ve been able to kind of minimize that external equity. You’ve recapitalized at SIP. You’ve had obviously some unlocking of debt capacity. I guess, I’m just kind of curious on, can you just elaborate on just Trevor’s comments a little bit around the source of funding this 10% to 20%? Does it need to come from straight equity or can you utilize what you’ve utilized in the past? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Thanks for that, Trevor. And obviously depreciate sort of that early update around the CapEx plan. Obviously, you’re highlighting that 10% to 20% is purely on the regulated side, which is good. It is a bit of a wide range. So I guess, what could dictate 10% versus 20% since it’s already kind of skewed what you already know, which is Texas and California. And the CapEx update would predate the California GRC final order. So is that also a potential tailwind or is that captured on that 10% to 20%? Thanks, guys.
Shar Pourreza: Just, I guess, can you just talk about the impacts of that development pipeline? The fuel terminal moved from 4Q to the first half of 2024, Port Arthur, pipes and storage expansion are moving into the construction phase. ECA Regas contract is expiring, which would allow for ECA 2 in the mix. Are these developments, just so we understand, are they net accretive to that 6% to 8% growth rate you talk about? Thanks.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Sure, Shar. Again – how you doing, Shar? We’re pretty excited about the investment opportunities and that’s really kind of what we had mentioned on this call. And that’s really kind of coming from the regulated utilities and that’s really around continuing to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers. So that 10% to 20% increase over the five year capital plan, we will discuss in more detail on the year end call. But we do understand just how important the financing is on this. So we’re continuing to analyze the expected capital needs and we are currently looking at efficient ways to finance this growth. And as we always have, as Jeff said, we will look at all of the options, but we will include common equity as part of that consideration.
Trevor Mihalik: I think, again, it is really kind of an accounting analysis. And really, as Jeff said, Steve, this is how we as the chief operating decision makers, will be evaluating the business on a combined basis. That being said, we will still be filing the Q's and K's for the individual businesses in our combined consolidated financial statements. So you'll still have access to that detailed information as well.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes. Again, I think we've looked at various ways over the last several years to look at how to source the capital. But at the end of the day, I think from our perspective, I think we're looking at ways that would be the most efficient and the most timely. And right now, we're thinking that anytime you have this kind of growth, we will look at all sources of capital needs.
