Jeff Martin: Thank you, Glen, and thank you all for joining us today. As we close out the first half of the year, we continue our focus on safety and operational excellence and we're pleased with the strength of our financial performance. This actually sets us up well in the second half of the year while also supporting our confidence in a projected long-term EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. And more importantly, we think there's a lot to be excited about. At Sempra California, we continue to play a critical role in helping the state achieve its safety, reliability and decarbonization goals. That's why we continue to make important investments to improve safety, modernize the grid, and better support the delivery of cleaner forms of energy. We also look forward to advancing our general rate cases here in the state and anticipate a proposed decision later this summer with a final decision expected before the end of the year. The outcome of the GRC is expected to help our utilities better meet the state's public policy goals, advance reliability and community safety, and improve visibility to our plan of execution through 2027. At Sempra Texas, Oncor continues to see remarkable growth, and it's coming from a wide range of industries, including manufacturing, technology, and digital infrastructure. Annual premise growth, as one example, continues to trend around 2%, which is almost double the national average. Allen will walk through how electricity demand is impacting the Texas grid and also driving the need for new capital investments all across Oncor service territory. Against that backdrop, you recall that Oncor is currently executing on a record five-year capital plan of roughly $24 billion, with a pending regulatory filing to improve system resiliency by investing incremental capital of up to $3 billion from 2025 through 2027. With the remarkable growth in Oncor service territory, we continue to expect to see higher levels of capital spending in the future, and this will be a key consideration in our financial planning process this fall. Finally, Sempra Infrastructure remains focused on advancing critical infrastructure investments that support the energy transition and enhanced energy security, and we continue to see progress across several key development initiatives. Moving to our financial results for the quarter, earlier this morning, we reported adjusted EPS of $0.89 and year-to-date adjusted EPS of $2.24. As a reminder, these results do not reflect the impact of a final California GRC decision, which we expect before year-end with rates retroactively applied to January 1. From my perspective, we've had a great start to the first half of the year. As a result, we're affirming both our full year 2024 adjusted EPS guidance range and our 2025 EPS guidance range. Please turn to the next slide. As a reminder, we view our corporate strategy as an opportunity to assert a competitive advantage in energy markets, and there are three key elements to our plan of execution. First, we've positioned our portfolio in some of the most attractive economic markets in North America. California and Texas, for example, give our utilities great exposure to increasing demand for new infrastructure investments, while Sempra Infrastructure benefits from strong tailwinds around the restoring of industry to North America and global demand for improved energy security associated with the export of liquefied natural gas from the United States. Second, we focused our investment strategy in a more narrow part of the energy value chain, namely transmission and distribution investments. By doing so, we aim to improve the quality and recurring nature of our earnings and cash flows while reducing exposure to risk and price volatility. We believe this provides an improved risk reward profile for our owners. And finally, we aggressively compete capital inside our company across all three growth platforms to help ensure we're delivering the best overall returns to our owners. At the end of the day, being good stewards of capital is a top priority and has allowed us to continue delivering attractive risk adjusted returns. As an example, we've been successful in delivering a 10% adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate since 2018. Next, I'll turn the call over to Allen to walk through the improving growth story that continues to unfold in Texas. Please turn to the next slide.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Thank you, Shar, for asking that question. I'll start by talking about the change in schedule and I'll move to the 2025 guidance. I would start by saying that we're disappointed in the change of schedule at ECA as has been our practice. When we work with our contractors, we expect our projects to be built on time and on budget. That is the standard at Sempra. And in this case, that standard has not been met, but I'm confident that Justin and his team will get it corrected. Here's what's important going to the heart of your question. We target mid-teen equity returns across the portfolio at Sempra Infrastructure. And as we've updated our forecast, we continue to believe that ECA remains in line with those original targets. We've made financial commitments, as you know, to our owners in the form of published EPS guidance ranges for both 2024 and 2025, and we've been confident in reconfirming those ranges this morning. I would note that we have plenty of opportunities to both grow and reduce costs where it makes sense, and we'll continue to work hard to exceed people's expectations regarding the performance of our business. I'd also like to turn this over to Karen to talk a little bit about 2025, if you could, Karen.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I'll give you a couple of thoughts on this is, obviously, the California Public Utility Commission has had a very busy docket, particularly over the last 12 months. So we understand kind of the timing of our rate case has been delayed into this year. What I would make a couple of points on Shar is that we put together, what I think is a very strong GRC filing for both San Diego Gas Electric and SoCalGas. And the reason we have some level of confidence is both of those filings are strongly in line with the state's key priorities, which you'll recall is around safety and specifically community safety, reliability and clean energy. I would also note as a reminder that last fall, we reached a settlement on roughly one-third of the rate cases for each of those businesses with a subset of interveners, and we look forward to receiving proposed decision later this summer with a final decision expected before the end of the year. So I think we still have very high confidence that the rate case we voted out this year. And I would remind our listening audience that our rates would be retroactively effective to January 1 of 2024. And then to the larger point, I will conclude by saying, we have a very strong track record of working with our regulators and stakeholders to get to good outcomes. I think we're comfortable that we'll be able to give a strong update in terms of our forward guidance including our capital plan on our Q4 call. And hopefully, we'll be able to give more visibility on our Q3 call to potential changes in our capital plan.
Jeff Martin: Sure. I'll provide some returns on the changes in capital. And maybe it might be helpful, Justin, if we just provide a little bit more color around the schedule at ECA for our listening audience. The first thing I've mentioned, Durgesh is, as a result of the schedule change, we're expecting that the estimated increase in capital for Sempra's net share to be about $300 million. Karen referenced this earlier, but we still expect to maintain our targeted levered returns in the mid-teens for the overall integrated project. And as you know, that certainly includes continuing to optimize our transportation position. You'll recall, too, that with the change in schedule, it provides us opportunities to continue to manage that transportation position. For those of you who are hearing about our transportation, recall that we've got positions that connect us to the producing regions both in Texas and New Mexico and allow us to serve what has increasingly been a constrained market in the western part of the United States, including Baja California, where we've seen natural gas demand increase by over 30% in the last 10 years. One other thing that's benefited us at the project, Durgesh is we have certain inflation protections in our SPAs and that's also been helpful in helping us meet our expected original returns. So I think the key takeaway from my perspective is, we're in a good position to continue to manage that project. Deliberate consistent with the new expectations in the spring of 2026 and also meet our targeted financial returns.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would just make a couple of comments here. Number one, I think the timing of this agreement in principle, which is an all-party settlement. It's very, very good. I think as we think about our industry, generally, Durgesh, we're continuing to see extreme weather conditions, and it's highlighting the importance not just in Texas but California and other jurisdictions have continued to invest in resiliency. At our company, we've got over a 100-year history of dealing with these types of events. And I think we're pleased by Oncor's recent storm response. If you followed Oncor back in May, they went through some very severe weather and did a great job of restoring their system. So I think the opportunity for us is to marry up the commitment to operational excellence and storm response that Oncor has built a reputation on with this forward-looking SRP program. And the good news is, as it's been crafted as a settlement in principle, those dollars will start to flow in Q4 of this year and allows us to get after continuing to harden that system. So I think it's the right outcome at the right time for the customers of Oncor.
Jeff Martin: Yes. Let me do a couple of things. Let me start with my views on the SRP. I'll pass it to Allen to talk about some next steps procedural. But Julien, I'll start right up in front and say, I have been around the utility business for roughly 30 years, going back to 1992. And in my career, I've never seen an evolving growth story like we see in Texas. So we made a great investment, as you know, back in March of 2018, we were investing in what was at that time an 80% owner that had been bankrupt. We thought there was an opportunity to deploy capital in a way that better serve customers. So I think we are investing in a management team and a growth story, and it certainly has played out very well. And I will tell you that story continues to evolve, and I'm more bullish today than I've been at any point on the capital opportunity in Texas. Let's talk about this our PO quickly. You recall that the Oncor team filed that case back in May it outlined nearly $3 billion of capital investments. And you'll recall that, that's incremental to the record campaign that they're executing on right now, which comes in right around $24 billion. As we updated on the call, we're pleased that Oncor has been successful in reaching a preliminary settlement as an all-party settlement, and we view the settlement in principle constructively and hope to move to a final settlement in the coming weeks. I would want to have a note of caution here that we don't want to speak to the details of the settlement nor Julien, do you understand, we don't want to front run the commission's review. But we feel very positive about it. I think it's a great sign for our ability to step forward and continue to help rate payers in Texas. And Allen, maybe it would be helpful for Julien, if you talked a little bit about kind of the procedural next steps.
Jeff Martin: The only other thing I would add, Julien, to the back part of your question is, later this week, I'll be meeting with the Governor of Louisiana in Louisiana and then on Friday, I'll be meeting with Governor Abbott. And part of the purpose of my business is to continue to reiterate Sempra's strong commitment to invest in the state of Texas. And I think we might be the largest investor in the state today in addition to the $27 billion of spending we've circled at Oncor, we're putting into work $13 billion at Port Arthur Phase I and we're aggressively looking to put forward a similar project of scale for Port Arthur Phase 2. As you think about the legislative session for next year, my personal view, Julien, is that public policy in the state of Texas favors new investment around reliability and resilient infrastructure. And I would tell you that's right in Oncor's wheelhouse. So we'll continue to expect constructive regulatory and legislative outcomes in Texas. And I think you've seen that, Julien, over the last year or two, and we're committed to partnering with stakeholders to continue to achieve outcomes that directly support our customers in North Texas.
Jeff Martin: Yes. There's actually two questions there. I think let me speak to the read through to Port Arthur first. And then Justin, I think it would be really helpful to talk about your excitement on Port Arthur Phase 2. So really quickly, a short answer to your question is Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 is not impacted, Julien, you know this, it's a different market. It's a different craft labor pool, it's a fully wrapped EPC contract with what we think is the best EPC contractor in the business, which is Bechtel. So I think that's one of the things that we're not as concerned about. What we encountered in ECA was unique to the craft market in Baja California. We feel very good about Port Arthur Phase I. But Justin, I think it would be helpful to Julien if you don't mind walking through where you're at on Phase 2.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Carly. I think it would be helpful, Allen, to answer that question directly and then go back. I think you've got some additional color on overall growth in the state, but maybe to tackle the Permian plan first and then talk about the broader opportunity.
Jeff Martin: Thank you, Allen. And Carly, the other point I mentioned, and Allen called this out is that roughly 80% of that capital program is serving growth. And that's important because it puts downward pressure on rate increases related to infrastructure investment. And secondly, which is really almost unheard of in our industry, roughly 60% of that capital plan is associated with transmission. So just like in California, where we have the TAC, where transmission costs are socialized across all state consumers. The same thing takes place in Texas. So it's a robust capital plan is the plan that's expected to continue to increase. And the good news is, it's directly serving growth without a lot of pressure on affordability and really serving the needs of Texas consumers.
Jeff Martin: Yes. There are some moving pieces. I'll see if Allen wants to add anything to this, one of them is, for example, increase in insurance related to wildfire towers, which I think is a common issue across the state. This is something we continue to evaluate. The good news is we've got the opportunity to either file for some of these selective cost increases on a one-off basis or come back in for a rate case. I think Allen's team hasn't made a definitive decision on that. But Allen, if you'd like to add anything, please. please go ahead.
Jeff Martin: Yes, I'd like to conclude, if I could, by recapping several highlights from today's call. Number one, I think it's important for our listing audience to know and understand that we're seeing increased opportunity for investment in Texas. I think Allen did a good job of outlining some of the growth drivers there. I also want to state, I think it's the leading growth story in our sector and we continue to be very bullish on our opportunities in Texas. Number two, we're very pleased with our strong financial performance for the first half of the year. Karen mentioned this earlier, but we're trending ahead of our internal planning forecast. And number three, with Trevor's leadership and Scott Drury and Caroline Winn, we continue to feel quite positive about the opportunity we have in front of us with the general rate cases here in California because we're continuing to make investments, I think, that are strongly aligned with the public policy mandates of the state. In combination, we have great confidence in our financial commitments and are reconfirming our guidance ranges for both 2024 and 2025 as well as our long-term growth rate of 6% to 8%. It continues to be an exciting time for our company. And if you have any questions or follow-ups from this call today, please reach out to our IR team. I would also note that we look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming Citi and UBS conferences in the next few weeks. And for those of you who are interested, we also invite you to reach out and schedule time to come visit SDG&E's new wildfire and climate resiliency facility. I think you'll find it to be time well spent and come away with a very strong sense of our company's commitment to safety and operational excellence. This concludes our call.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. So just, Jeff, on the ECA COD delays, I know you'll be looking at sort of firming up the 2025 guidance, later from a timing perspective. But I guess, how are you thinking about offsets as we roll forward into next year? Can you kind of mitigate the project delay? Or should we assume some level of timing drag? I know obviously, you reiterated guidance today, but there's also a perception that the 2025 guide is somewhat conservative. So just how do we think about the moving pieces? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just on the GRC outcome, I mean, CPUC has been a bit slower kind of acting on things recently with various kind of proceedings, I guess, how are you thinking about a timely outcome in 2024 on the GRC? And if kind of like a final vote is delayed, let's say, into the latter part of the year or even 2025. How do we sort of think about the cadence of that financial update you just brought up for 2025. So do you need to wait for an order in the PD? Or is the PD sufficient enough to firm up 2025? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That's actually perfect. Jeff. Thank you so much. Appreciate the additional color. See you soon.
Allen Nye: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, Julien. As Jeff said, we're really, really excited about announcing the settlement in principle of our SRP this morning. And I do want to thank the parties; in particular PUC staff for the willingness to work with us on getting to this outcome that we think is really going to provide some meaningful benefits to our customers. But with regards to the next steps, now that we've announced that we filed with the PUC and informed the judge of our preliminary settlement. We're in the process of drafting a definitive settlement agreement plus supporting testimony. We're going to file that by August 16. And at that time, the details will be public, and we can talk more about it. Next step would be to have the case remanded from State Office of Administrative Hearings back to the PUC and to try and get that scheduled for PUC consideration as soon as reasonably possible. And as Jeff said, I never like to get in front of the commission or assume anything. But assuming that we get approval, we think we'll be in a position to begin making the SRP-related investments and expenditures late in this year in 2024. I think importantly, we believe that this settlement will allow us to accomplish all of the benefits that we identified in our original filing. And given some of the challenges that our state has faced over the last few months, we think this is a really very positive development for both us and our customers.
Allen Nye: Yes, you bet. Thanks, Jeff, and thanks, Carly. So the Permian plan is presently being discussed in Austin, plan was issued, the PUC's published questions. The answer is due, I believe, on Friday. There may be more rounds of questions. I anticipate there'll be a workshop. And then the goal is to get something issued in the next couple of months, maybe September. The only thing I can really tell you right now about what we would potentially be building out of that plant until the plan is finalized is when you look at the scope of our operations, and I often talk about, when I'm talking about overall growth on our system, what's happening in West Texas and our Stanton Loop and our Culberson Loop. Given the scope of our operations in those areas, the amount of substations or end points that we own that could be utilized under a 1938 analysis that we would anticipate on really any plan coming out of this process that we would be a heavy participant in that $13 billion to $15 billion depending on where it comes out. That's probably the best I can do on specifics on the Permian today. Jeff, you want to talk about growth overall. Just going back, and I know some of this is already out there is in our earnings release. And -- but I generally report on kind of the same categories every quarter, and I'm going to try and break it down into four categories this time. And Jeff has already mentioned, we've talked about our very strong premise growth that continues 20,000 new in the second quarter, still seeing about 2% annually about twice national average. The second category of transmission points of interconnection, new requests for the quarter, we had 80 -- I'm sorry, 98 new. That's up about 7% over the same quarter last year. Total requests are up 13%, and then we always break those down into generation and LC&I, generation is up 7.5%. The retail or the LC&I is up 22%. And as I mentioned last time, and I've got a little update here, about 25% of that total, which is 341 requests right now, our large load customers that -- for us, that's over 100 megawatts individually. That group presently represents approximately 80 gigawatts of potential load, of which about 74% or 59 gigawatts would come from potential data centers, but the rest of it is fairly diverse from the type of customers. So incredibly strong growth transmission POI on the LC&I or large customer perspective. I mentioned West Texas earlier strong growth continues there, Far West, Texas, weather zone. Peak is up 9.3% over the 2023 peak already this year. Culberson and Stanton, our two loops, transmission loops that we serve, the Permian and Delaware Basins. Culberson is up 15.5% over the 2023 peak. Stanton is up 1.3% over the 2023 peak so far this year. And then the fourth category, I mentioned in my opening remarks, but I think they're significant when you consider what we're facing and the opportunities that we're seeing on our system, the new ERCOT study, the load forecast coming out of HB 5066, indicating a peak demand of approximately 152 gigawatts by 2030, up from the 2011 gigawatts that they predicted through 2029. And as I've said before, we believe we anticipate, based on our analysis that around 40% of that load could be in our service territory. And then the Permian Basin study that we started with, as I said, $13 billion to $15 billion by 2038 given where our facilities are and how that analysis should work, we would expect to build a significant portion of whatever projects come out of that plan. So obviously, all that comes with CapEx. Jeff's already indicated how we're going to approach that, probably giving an update in Q4. But I think the significant part of our CapEx, if you look at our $24.2 billion plan, over the next five, which, as I've said before, approximately 70% is growth and 97% or so is recoverable through our trackers. That's all before the SRP, which we've announced for settlement and principal on today, which is approximately $3 billion, again, details to come in August 16 approximately. That's also before much of the investment that we would need to do in order to serve these large load customers that I just mentioned. That is before what we would get out of any Permian plan. And that is mostly before what we would need to spend to meet the revised ERCOT load forecast of 157 gigawatts by 2030. So we'll continue to analyze that. We're going to work with our shareholders and our Board like we always do and provide that update on the Q4 call. But we are very, very excited about what we're seeing on our system. We think there's tremendous opportunities to invest throughout our system, and we're looking forward to trying to meet those needs.
Allen Nye: Yes. You bet, Jeff. Just briefly, we do -- we evaluate with our Board annually things like the topics you mentioned that might put pressures on us. But we are not required to come back in until the summer of 2027. We'll continue going through this process with our Board. And if things change, we'll make a decision. But right now, we don't have to -- we are not required to come back in until the summer of 2027.
