Donald Felsinger: Thanks, Steve. And again, thank you all for joining us. On today's call, we'll start by reviewing our first quarter financial results, and I'll then give you an operational update on our businesses. Early this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $258 million or $1.07 per share, compared with $106 million or $0.42 per share in the same period last year.  The first quarter of last year included a $96 million or $0.38 per share charge related to the settlement of energy crisis litigation. Excluding the impact of this charge in last year's first quarter, our quarterly earnings per share increased by 34%. All of our businesses are performing well, and each of our business units reported an increase in earnings in the first quarter over the year-ago period.  There are 2 things I'd like to highlight before Mark goes into the details of the financial results. As we discussed at the March analyst conference, with our exit from the commodities trading business, we have refocused our strategy on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastructure. This quarter's strong results across all of our business segments demonstrates our execution on that strategy going forward. And second, a key element of our renewable business strategy is in the contracting of our portfolio of projects at Sempra Generation. We recently received regulatory approval for the first 150-megawatt phase of the 700-megawatt Mesquite Solar project and signed contracts for 2 wind projects totaling about 175 megawatts. Now I'd like to hand it over to Mark, so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with Slide 4.
Donald Felsinger: I'll have Mark take you through this, but I think what we have stated is that by the end of this year, we'll recover all the investment out of the commodities joint venture.
Donald Felsinger: Well, I mean it's -- the elections are about 3 weeks away. Neal and I went down to Peru last week for the groundbreaking of the hydro project and had a chance to meet with the current president. He's fairly optimistic that Fujimori is going to win. His insights are his insights. But I think, as we look at it, and I think both Humala and Fujimori -- both came out of the back of the race and are now in a runoff. Whatever happens here with either one of them, I don't see any real changes to the regulatory framework that we have in Peru. So I think we left there with a pretty high degree of comfort that the economy in Peru is going to continue to grow and whichever one of these individuals end up becoming President will kind of maintain the status quo.
Donald Felsinger: There's been no change. We had expected, when we made this acquisition, that PEMEX was going to be required to exit. So far, they haven't. The good news is that having PEMEX in the partnership, we have a fairly robust portfolio of new projects that we're looking at. So I think we were kind of indifferent at the very beginning whether or not they stayed as a partner or exited. We're indifferent. We see the business still to continuing to grow.
Donald Felsinger: Wow, this is the shortest call we've ever had. I guess the business is getting too simple for you guys. Hey, once again, thanks for joining us in this first quarter call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Steve, Scott [ph] or Victor [ph]. Thanks for taking time with us. Have a great day.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego Gas & Electric, earnings for the first quarter of 2011 were $89 million compared with earnings of $83 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to $7 million of higher authorized margins, offset by $5 million of higher wildfire insurance premiums this year. And in last year's first quarter, we had a $3 million charge related to the passage of the healthcare bill. At Southern California Gas, first quarter 2011 earnings were $68 million. That's up from $65 million in the first quarter of 2010. Last year's results included a $7 million regulatory award and a $13 million tax charge related to passage of the healthcare bill.  Now let's go to Slide 5. Our generation business [Sempra Generation] recorded earnings of $44 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $51 million in the same quarter in 2010. The increase for the quarter is due to lower operating and maintenance costs, less scheduled plant maintenance and an $84 million charge related to a litigation settlement last year.  Now please move to Slide 6. Sempra Pipelines & Storage recorded earnings of $54 million in the first quarter of 2011, up from earnings of $38 million in the same quarter of 2010. The quarter benefited from $8 million of higher earnings from pipeline assets in Mexico, which were acquired in the second quarter of 2010, and from $6 million of higher operating results in Chile and Peru. I'd also like to mention that in the next quarter, we expect to report a onetime gain related to our increased ownership stake in Chile and Peru, due to a step-up of our prior investment to fair value. The size of the gain has not yet been determined, and it was not included in our earnings guidance that we previously provided for this year. So now let's please go to Slide 7. Sempra LNG had earnings of $33 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with earnings of $32 million in the prior year's period. Both quarters included $11 million of earnings from customer payments related to contracted cargoes that were not delivered. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don who'll begin with Slide 8.
Mark Snell: Leslie, no, there's about $600 million. We actually anticipated BP or a partner in these wind projects, and so that was in our plan.
Mark Snell: Yes, Paul, that's correct. What we did have happened -- unfortunately, it happened about 3 days after the quarter ended. We got about $330 million, so that reduced our investment, and you'll see that in the next quarter. And we're hoping to get kind of ratable payments over the next 3 quarters, bringing it down to 0 at year end.
Mark Snell: Okay, well what we had was about $5 million of additional insurance expense related to the wildfire insurance premium. Over, under -- at the utilities, under our old -- or our current rate case, we incurred higher cost related to wildfires for insurance. And we did recover some of that in the z-factor last year, and we may recover some of this later on. But right now, we don't have a recovery mechanism in place, and so it's being expensed.
Mark Snell: Yes, sure. Well, of course, that asset receivable has got -- it's separate and apart from the insurance premiums. But the liability going down is related to payments that we've made during the period. We paid about $100 million during the period, and we moved about $71 million to long-term because it won't be paid out for a couple of years.
Mark Snell: They're still relatively close. We're a little bit ahead of schedule on some of the contracts for the renewable projects, but I wouldn't be changing those numbers at this time. Hey, one other thing, too, is we also did -- we did -- some of that was the anticipation close of Chile and Peru, and that has happened. So that does update it a little bit.
Mark Snell: No, I think that's right. I mean, at the analyst conference, we said that we would kind of address this later in the year, as we looked whatever our capital spend was and where we were. I will point out that the share count that we gave at the analyst conference did not anticipate a buyback, and we're sticking with that number for the year, so. But it's something we'll look at later on in the year and decide if there's anything that make sense.
