Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Jeff. As I mentioned earlier, we've added over $1 billion of new investments. I'll describe several that we've added since our last quarterly call. Let me start with Mexico. Hopefully, you had a chance to listen to IEnova's Analyst Day in June where the team identified $45 billion of potential market opportunities through 2025. Of this $45 billion, approximately $10 billion are in the newly opened liquids infrastructure business. I discussed at our Analyst Day that I thought this was an excellent growth area for us. IEnova has started to expand its strategic footprint into this area and had some positive recent developments. Specifically, IEnova will develop three liquids terminals, two of which will be in the high consumption areas of Mexico City and Puebla, and the third in the Port of Veracruz. The facilities all have long-term firm U.S. dollar denominated capacity agreements with Valero. In addition, the expected total CapEx for the projects is $275 million and all are planned to go into service through 2019. Valero has the option to purchase 50% equity ownership in all of the facilities when they go into service. We hope to continue to build our strategic partnership with Valero as projects like these fit IEnova and Sempra's core competency. Most importantly, these projects will lay a solid foundation for us to expand this new business line into additional inland and marine terminal opportunities as well as liquids transportation investments. Just as we did with our natural gas pipeline, we see the opportunities for solid returns and great growth by being an early mover in this market. Moving to Chile, we were awarded transmission project through our joint venture for approximately $50 million. The project is expected to go into service in 2021 and continues to build on our growing transmission business in Chile. Finally, we are constructing a new 200-megawatt solar project in California. This facility is fully contracted for an average of 18 years and is expected to go into service in phases through the first half of 2018. Please turn to the next slide. Starting with the cost of capital, we were pleased that the all party settlement was upheld extending, the certainty of our ROEs through 2019. This decision provides greater clarity of our planned earnings at our California utilities. Also at SoCalGas, we received approval to reinstate natural gas injections at the Aliso Canyon storage field to a target level of approximately 24 Bcf, and have started to do so. While the recent approval to resume gas injections is positive news, we remain concerned about system reliability this summer and in the coming winter given, the length of time it took to receive this decision, as well as the limitations on targeted gas storage levels. We are working cooperatively with the agencies to help ensure we safely operate the Aliso Canyon storage field within the authority we have been granted. Finally, as we discussed last quarter, we have filed applications at the CPUC for two projects, representing an incremental $500 million of rate based investments, comprised of the Master-Metered Mobilehome Park and a new customer information system at SDG&E. Before I turn to our guidance, I'll highlight that adding and filing for over $1 billion of new development projects across our utility and infrastructure businesses is a testament to our strong growth platforms and our ability to capture opportunities. We continue to make significant progress on the projects and our plans, while also evaluating and advancing projects like those we've added since the analyst conference. Please turn to the next slide. As I mentioned earlier, for the second time this year, we are raising our 2017 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5 to $5.30. On a GAAP basis, our increased 2017 EPS guidance range is $4.95 to $5.25. The key contributors driving this increase are strong year-to-date earnings, accelerated capital deployment and disciplined cost management across our businesses. We expect these key operational drivers to continue into 2018 and to completely offset the delay in Cameron. This has enabled us to affirm our 2018 EPS guidance of $5.30 to $5.80. Please turn to the last slide. To recap, we've accomplished a great deal over the last several months. First, we are making significant progress on our strategic investments with over $1 billion added since our analyst conference. Second, we received positive regulatory outcomes at the California utilities on two important matters: the cost of capital extension; and reinstating injection at Aliso Canyon. And third, we raised 2017 adjusted EPS guidance and affirmed 2018 EPS guidance on a strong expected operational performance. With that, we'll conclude our prepared comments and stop to take any questions that you might have.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me kind of walk you through because I think it is important for you to understand that. Because the key thing is that these are improvements that we believe are sustainable going forward. And we've really been working throughout 2017 to put these kinds of things in place and then to build upon them in 2018 and 2019. So, let me hit the highlights of the key areas. First, last year, we got about $1.4 billion of incremental capital approved in our utilities that was outside of a rate case capital. And so these are incremental projects. And we've been really focused on how we can expedite getting those projects in service, beginning the collection of AFUDC and then putting into service in the rate base. And then we filed for another $500 million worth of projects that I mentioned in my talking points. So, the utility performance has been very strong and it's really based upon the deployment of additional capital largely. And then we are building on another 200-megawatt solar project in California. And that will go into service throughout 2018. And so we will have that on an ongoing basis producing earnings. In Mexico, we've had a lot of new projects that we've announced. We have a solar project with the Pima Solar. Now we have these liquids terminals that we'll be constructing throughout 2018 into 2019. And then we've just had really strong performance from all of our businesses in terms of being very efficient in the operations, which is something we believe can continue. So everything we're looking at in 2018 is, in my mind, totally focused on better performance and performance that we can continue beyond 2018.
Debra L. Reed: What they told us is only one piece of the thinking. And trust me, we've done a lot of thinking on this. And then we brought in consultants from the outside who have been working with us to look at all of the scheduled documents, look at the onsite work that have been done, and then give us their independent assessment of the schedule and when we think that the trains can come into service. So what we're giving you today is our best estimate based upon all of the work that's been done by the 70-plus people we have on site as part of the JV, the outside firms that we've been using to validate the information, and then looking at what we've gotten from our contractor, and then just looking at how things can affect projects. And so it's our best estimate based upon all of those factors, not just what the contractor has given us.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, that's a great question because from the Sempra standpoint, we really support the customers having choice and we like the ability of customers having the choice to go to a CCA because we basically earn our money based upon them using our transmission and distribution systems. And so if they want go to another party for procurement, that's great. The problem that we have in California is ensuring that when those customers exit, they take all of the costs with them. So, I'm going to have Steve talk about the work that we're doing at the Commission now to have them meet the state law in California, which requires customers exiting to take all of their costs.
Debra L. Reed: We just used all the data that we had available and really looked at the work being done by our outside consultants against what the contractor had given us and gave our best estimate of when we think the trains will come on in 2019. So I mean, we looked at all the factors we had before us and it's our best estimate for that.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Most of the projects that are in the $1.4 billion are FERC projects. So you get AFUDC on the projects during construction and then as they are completed, they immediately go into rate base because we use like actual rate base for FERC. So you don't have to go back to the CPUC and try to recover the rate base amount after, it just trues up on the actual rate base based upon what actual rate bases that you are in and so the majority of these are at SDG&E and the majority of them are FERC related. And then on some of the other areas, there are regulatory mechanisms that are put in place outside of the rate case to recover costs that are CPUC related. So we don't have to wait for a rate case.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. We had an agreement with KOGAS and we made an announcement about having a memorandum of understanding with them to hopefully come to some conclusion for them to become a buyer and potentially a foundation buyer which would allow them to take some equity in the Port Arthur facility. And I think part of the differentiators that we found in the market is that there are some buyers who like to take some equity in the projects as well and as KOGAS has expressed an interest in that, we're hoping to get one to three foundation buyers that would take equity positions, and then sell the rest of the gas that's produced to other. So, it was really great to have the biggest – I guess, the second largest LNG buyer in the world want to be in our project and want to have equity in our project. And so, we're in the process of marketing now. We'll also be continuing our discussions with KOGAS to finalize agreements. But we thought it was really positive news.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Let me just kind of talk about what's happened and how we got to this point because I think it's important for you to understand the level of monitoring and meetings and questions and everything that we have with a contractor. Once they gave us a detailed schedule back in October, then we've hired outside firms to work with us, and then we have all these people on site to monitor performance against the schedule. And what we started to see is certain things on that schedule being done sooner than the schedule indicated, and other things being done on a schedule later than was indicated. And what we wanted to understand is really kind of what the critical path was on the project and what does that mean to the end day on the project, because when you have a combination of things getting done faster and things getting done later, it's really hard to determine what the overall impact was. So we brought in outside consultants. We spent time with the contractor that – they gave us some dates that they felt that they could meet. We had our consultants, and I'll review all of that type of information, and we came to some of our own conclusions. And our conclusions are that, from our standpoint, we feel that we don't want to have any earnings in our financial plans for 2018 for Cameron. We don't want to assume that risk, and we want to give you guidance without any earnings from Cameron. If something wonderful happens and it comes in early, that's great. But from our standpoint, from the information that we have, we just felt it was best to take all of the earnings out for Cameron in 2018, and then focus on what we could do as a management team to get to our guidance without having any of Cameron. And we have some great opportunities to offset Cameron. And we just thought it was the right thing to do and that's the way we approached it.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean, we would have used all the information available to do our assessment of what's the right thing for our company and our guidance that we gave you. And that's exactly what we did in this case. And then the schedule that we have from CB&I doesn't have a lot of details and everything on it. So we still have to work through that. But we have to tell you what we believe based upon all the data that we have, and we would have done that whether or not we had a schedule.
Debra L. Reed: No, not really from year-to-year at the two utilities. I mean, I think the big thing that happened at both utilities is we got our attrition allowance year-over-year. And then to the degree we manage costs within that attrition allowance, that gives us some upside. But year-over-year, the companies have done pretty well, when you look at quarter-to-quarter. If you look at on an annualized basis, as you know, there's seasonality at SoCalGas, but there was seasonality at SoCalGas last year as well.
Debra L. Reed: One thing, Michael. I just want to remind you, and we had this and all the data last year and I was assuming you weren't talking about things like this, but we did have an impairment last year at SoCalGas within our South pipeline that we reported in the quarter last year. But that was in the information that we had disclosed (37:47). But there was nothing else between the two companies that was really different year-to-year.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean, there's several hundred megawatts capability at each of those locations. I think you're talking about our two solar locations. And there are several hundred megawatts of capability there. We're focused on developing those and we have been bidding those into RFPs, and then looking at other ways that we might be able to add value on those sites with maybe adding some batteries and being able to do peak-shaving. So we have our existing sites that are expandable and then we're also developing new sites. And a lot of our new sites are really developed in the Midwest area with customers we've already done business with and adding wind, which is very economical in a lot of those locations. And we have a lot of customers that we've already done business with that are interested in either expanding an existing site or adding a new site. So we're doing a lot of work in that area. And then as I mentioned, we have contracts now to build a 200-megawatt solar project in California as well that we just talked about. So I mean it's a business that we think has growth potential. There's a lot of states that are very interested with renewable portfolio standards and with the economics being there for wind and solar now. But it's one of our growth areas but I wouldn't say that we have changed significantly our capital plans in that area from what we showed you at the Analyst conference.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. It was a project that was in early-stage development. We bought the project and are building it out.
Debra L. Reed: We have average 18 year contracts with a number of parties, some municipalities, a variety of parties where they offtake.
Debra L. Reed: No. We don't give the CapEx associated with individuals but it is over $1 billion. If you add everything up, it's over $1 billion, so.
Debra L. Reed: I would say our focus is on Train 1 through 3 right now and getting those done. So we have been having meetings with the partners to look at development of further trains on the site. And Joe just was at a meeting a few weeks ago. I think we're making some progress but I don't expect anything to be resolved before the end of the year.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thank you all for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact the IR team. Have a great day. Thank you.
Joseph A. Householder: Let me just – let me just – throughout the course of the contract, there's been one change order for $12 million. That's it.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Faisel. So let me tell you why I have confidence in what we're projecting for you. We have – and Debbie said, 70 people. We actually now – we keep increasing. We have about 120 people on the site, and the engineering capacity is looking at what's going on in the site. So we know what's going on in the site. We also have multiple external consultants there reviewing the work and the process. In reviewing the forecast forward, what do we see going forward? And as the work continues to progress, as you see in the photograph, there's lots of work to finish so that would naturally cause you to be a little bit more confident in it, yet we do have to take into account things like weather, so as our consultants and we look at it, we take into account the normal course of events in the Gulf Coast. What I would say is not in there is unexpected events. If there was a major disruption from a major hurricane in 2017 or 2018, that would probably cause some change, but it's hard to say because it depends where the hurricane hits, how much time is away. You know that recent storm, Cindy, that they had, they were away from the site like a day-and-a-half. So it kind of depends on the severity of it, but we do, in our own analysis, build in the normal kind of weather issues that confront contractors in the Gulf of Mexico.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. We have a good relationship with our partners. I mean, remember, our partners are also our customers. And we had a pretty lengthy call with them yesterday. I met with them a couple of weeks ago in Houston. I'm in Houston quite a bit. As we got these schedules, I was poring through the schedules with them and with our engineering teams. I think it's a very constructive relationship, and they have two roles to play there. They're both our partners on the equity side and they are our customers. And so we are working closely together. We're all aligned even with the contractor consortium to try to get this done as soon as possible. But obviously, people have different views on things, but I think we have a good relationship with them.
Joseph A. Householder: I said it's not a Sempra issue, Leslie, we're protected. We have the contract protections with the contractor, that's the primary. But we also have other protections in our other contracts that keep us whole on a return basis and you have exactly right.
