Jeffrey W. Martin: Thanks, Debbie. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $57 million, or $0.22 per share. This compares to third quarter 2016 earnings of $622 million, or $2.46 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $265 million, or $1.04 per share. This is in line with third quarter adjusted earnings in 2016 of $259 million, or $1.02 per share. Please turn to the next slide. As Debbie mentioned, our year-to-date adjusted earnings have been strong and are 11% higher than last year. The quarterly variances are explained in the business unit summary section. The key takeaway from our results is that we're on track to deliver strong full-year earnings. And with that, let's move to slide 7; and I'll turn it back over to Debbie.
Jeffrey W. Martin: The other thing I'll mention to your point, this is Jeff Martin, is the most important thing is we were prudent operators back in 2007, just like we are today. So, it doesn't really change, as Debbie's really going to the fact that the law at that time relied on inverse condemnation, and that's the basis of why we think we should have recovery.
Jeffrey W. Martin: Thanks, Michael. The purchase price we've agreed to is $9.45 billion. As you've talked about, subsequent to our original purchase request, they have finalized the rate case and that they need to move the equity layer up from roughly 40% equity to 42.5% equity. As you know, along the way, it depends on when our closing occurs and what time post-closing we actually have to fill up the rest of that equity infusion. But if there are additional equity requirements for Sempra, it's been fully factored into all of our financial analysis.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. We have been a part owner of this project. As you know, we own 25% of it. And what we did is we acquired Pemex's 25% share, bringing our total investment up to 50% of the project. I'll have Joe talk a little bit more about Ramones Norte. And we're hoping to close this in the end of this year 2017. Joe, you want to...
Debra L. Reed: Well, it's on the calendar for November 9, and it's been on the calendar three times, and then postponed. So, we don't know what's going to happen on November 9. Obviously, with the situation in Northern California and the Napa fires that this has to be a focus area of the Commission. And the laws in California have been pretty clearly determined by the courts to apply to the investor-owned utilities. And these laws rely on the fact that these utilities that provide services for the public interest and have facilities in the public domain would have the ability to recover cost, and that therefore, they have strict liability. And that it is something that we will put through the court system if the Commission does not rule in our favor. In terms of the cost of capital, I think that's speculative at this time as to how all of this comes out. We look at the risks that we can mitigate. And as I've said earlier in my remarks, we have really focused on a lot of mitigation efforts to reduce our fire risk in Southern California and our service territory. Our insurers have told us that we have the absolute best fire mitigation plan that they've seen in the industry. So, our focus is on doing what we can control, and that we're hopeful that the Commission decides like they did earlier when they granted us the funds for FEMA recovery, which was our cost of restoration from the fire, and that FERC granted us full recovery in this. And that it would seem a little odd not to have the same type of recovery with the law in California. But at this point, we'll wait and see what happens when the Commission decides.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. I would first say that we've been in settlement discussions for a few weeks, and that our modification through our financing actually came from hearing from the parties as to what their principal concerns were. And when we heard those principal concerns, we decided to simplify the financing and make our regulatory filing consistent with the 65/35 equity to debt that we talked about. And that really came from a lot of our discussions with the parties. Since that time that there have been some discussions with parties, but they're in the discovery process right now. And they, of course, have to do their diligence. And then, we would expect as soon as that discovery is complete, which should be very shortly, that we would enter into full settlement negotiations with the key parties in the case. Speculating timing on when a settlement could be reached is difficult, of course. But I think, really, by addressing the financing concern, that addressed a lot of the issues that we had heard from the parties.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean, we told you when we gave you the schedule the last time, it was not just a schedule that we have looked at and had hired consultants to do assessment of the schedule. And we've gotten third-party input when we looked at what we told you on the last call relative to the schedule, that what we saw was no change from those expectations coming through the hurricane season. There were some small delays, but we would not have any major impact of the hurricane. Joe sits on the Management Committee and is very close to this, so I'm going to ask him to add anything he wants to that comment.
Debra L. Reed: Well, at this point, the open season, we just got the results in and we're contacting the parties who have expressed interest. And we don't have anything to announce at this time, but that we have a lot going on in the Gulf Coast region. People forget sometimes that we have the joint venture with TransCanada to build the Marine Pipeline across the Gulf region to Mexico. That's under construction right now. We have some storage development opportunities tied to the LNG facility. We have the pipelines tied to the LNG facility. And then, we have the three trains at Cameron under construction in Louisiana, and then are looking at moving forward with Port Arthur. So we see a lot of opportunity, most of which has been on the gas side. And we think that Oncor also has, in talking to their leadership, opportunities. They've been a little capital-constrained, as you might imagine, and have opportunity to invest for the benefit of their customers in areas like technology and in release of congestion that will actually reduce cost to customers, improve service. And we've asked them to start looking at, if they were not in such a capital-constrained situation, what more would they be able to do in terms of investments over time. And I think that they're really excited about the opportunities to look at spending time focused on how they grow their business versus dealing with five years in a bankruptcy court. So I think there's some great opportunities, Julien.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I'm not sure if I fully understand your question, but I'll try to answer as I interpret it. That negligence is not the standard for inverse condemnation. I mean the court, in looking at the fire claims never considered whether there was negligence or gross negligence; they only considered whether our facilities were involved in the fires. And if that is shown to be the case that your facilities are involved in the fires, the standard in California is strict liability. And that standard of strict liability comes from the view that you can spread those costs across the ratepayers. And it was a law that was really started from municipalities, largely, so they have facilities in the public good. And then if something flooded, or there was an issue that they could recover those costs across all of the customers in the municipality. The courts in California did interpret it to apply to the investor-owned utilities as well. So you don't ever get into a negligence standard through the court system on this. And that's the concern that we have with what's the proposed decision. It doesn't rely on how the courts determine how inverse condemnation is applied. It sets a different standard that is not the standard that's used by the court to assess whether you have a liability. So, that's where we will be fighting that. And we do not believe that – clearly, FERC saw that, and FERC looked at the same set of facts and believed that we were a reasonable utility operator; the very same set of facts, and that we were a reasonable utility operator. And so, these ALJ proposed decision, and I will stress, these are not Commission decisions at this point. They are ALJ proposed decision, we just see as inconsistent with the law and inconsistent with how the other regulatory agencies looked at the same set of facts.
Debra L. Reed: No, because that's not the standard. We would have had no option on that. The courts determined that the 2007 fires fell under inverse condemnation, that our facilities were involved, and the fact that our facilities – there's no negligence whatsoever that's a consideration on those cases. And if we had tried to fight that, that's not the standard that's applied with inverse condemnation. So, it wouldn't have changed anything. And that's the thing that why we will go back to the court system if it's not ruled in our favor.
Debra L. Reed: No, not at all. I mean, this is the discovery process that occurs. And if you look at the other cases that have been before the Commission, that this Commissioner has asked similar kinds of question, it's part of their diligence. And I would expect the Commission and interveners to due diligence. In the next 10 days, we will be submitting supplemental testimony to address all these issues. We look forward to addressing those issues. We have nothing of concern and nothing to hide that we have great financial strength as a business, and we look forward of explaining all of that, explaining the kinds of contracts we have on LNG, where we have really mitigated the risk in our types of contracts. So, that we will submit our responses to the PUC of Texas, and we would expect them to consider all of that as part of the fact base in the case.
Debra L. Reed: Let me take you back to the Analyst Conference and explain or remind you how we did the forecasting for the utilities at the Analyst Conference. And what we told you at that time, when we looked at the out-years of the plan, and 2021 is the one that you're providing, all we did is we took the approved rate base that we had, and then we applied the attrition factor that had been approved for the utility over the life of the plan, so that's all we did. And that it did not reflect our regulatory filings; it did not reflect this new process, this risk adjustment mechanism, the ramps that we had to look at risk, and then how do we mitigate those over time with a systematic replacement of key components of the system. And so, what you're seeing now is what we filed for in the rate case, that would be our 2022 with the amount of rate base we requested and the attrition mechanisms we requested in the rate case. That is not to say that we're going to get all of that, but that is what we've requested. And in that rate case now, we have specific projects and specific activities to consume that capital. When we did it before, all we used is what had been approved with an attrition factor on it. So, this gives you greater visibility to what we're looking at in terms of CapEx requirement for the utility. Again, it's our filing, we may not recover all of that, but we think we have great justification for it, because that all came out of the process that the Commission has asked us to use which is this risk-adjustment process.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. It's higher for both utilities; it's about $1 billion higher. The 2022 number is about $1 billion higher than the 2021 number we gave you. And for SDG&E at about $2 billion higher for SoCalGas, which came out of our rate case filing, and going through detailing from this risk process that we were required to use, what are the expenditures that we need for our business, and then what is the normal replacement cycle for replacement capital. So, that's what we have in our regulatory filings.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah, the Oncor Board of Directors will determine how the – they changed their equity and the rate case; they thickened their equity. And the Oncor Board of Directors will determine how that equity gets put into the business. So, it was approved in the rate case.
Debra L. Reed: The inverse condemnation law in the state has no negligence requirement, and that's the law that governs who has accountability for the claims under inverse condemnation. The ALJ had indicated that there are things that they thought that we should have done differently in hindsight review, looking at things, but that there's no court that has come out with any finding of negligence in this case.
Debra L. Reed: It should not. It should have no basis. If you just look at why you buy insurance, and we get rates funded to buy insurance. Insurance, it doesn't matter, you pay out a claim, an insurance claim, and it doesn't matter whether there's negligence or not in an insurance claim. Insurance is to protect you. And this law basically is like a replacement of insurance. And so, it should have no basis. It should have no basis.
Debra L. Reed: Well, when we look at Oncor and the ring-fencing and we look at the independent Board of Directors, at some point it would be nice for us to have built the confidence of the regulators in the State of Texas by how we act as an owner, that they would see that we should be treated like any other utility in the State of Texas. And other utilities don't have that kind of structure. But I think it's something that we have to earn over time, with the way that we capitalize that business and ensure that we honor the provisions and that they see that Oncor management really makes the decisions for the best interest of Texas and its customers. And I hope we are able to earn that confidence from the regulators over time. When we look at the ring-fence and those provisions, we felt it was not significantly different than what we have or how we've operated with our California Utilities under a first priority condition, where we have to put capital into those utilities to meet their needs. And so, is it livable? Yes. Would we want to change it over time with us proving that we were strong owners and the Commission feeling that we should have the same kind of regulatory structure that the other Texas utilities do. When we get to that point, we would look at maybe a way to transition.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. Let me just comment that the standard is very high; it's an 80% probability standard. And what we looked at is all of the facts. We looked at – that we had an ALJ proposed decision; we don't have an alternate decision at this point; and that we have to meet this 80% probability standard. And under the accounting rules, we felt that the interpretation of the accounting rules would cause us to feel, at this point, that we would have to take this impairment. If the Commission rules in our favor, then obviously, that whatever the ruling would grant us, then that would come back. And I would stress that is a non-cash impairment, but it was our interpretation of the accounting rules is applied to all of the information that we had.
Debra L. Reed: No. They're in the process right now of removing the casing on site, but there's been no indication of when they're going to complete their work. So, as soon as we hear anything, of course, we would report that. But at this point, they're just in the process of removing the casing from the well.
Debra L. Reed: No. They're not at all ready to put a report together. They haven't even completed the casing removal, so.
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks again for all of you joining us today. And we hope to see many of you next week at EEI. If you have any follow-up questions, our IR team will be available, and have a great week. Thanks.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Greg. Hey, you might recall that when we – IEnova actually acquired our 50/50 Pemex's interest in our joint venture, we excluded this particular pipeline, because this pipeline was the one that was actually in construction at that time. And as the parties negotiated for the acquisition of Pemex's interest in the joint venture, they were hopeful of getting a price that recognized that the pipe was fully operational, and all the construction risk, and everything was behind them, but that wasn't the case. So, we actually pulled this piece of the operation out of that and continued the joint venture, while the pipeline was being built. And now that's fully operational, it's already in service and have much lower risk, we went back to them, and they were still interested in selling that interest. And so, we struck a deal with them, which is a really good value, but probably closer to the lower end of our normal expectations of high single digit, low double-digit unlevered returns, and that's simply because it has lower risk. It's completed, it's in service and operating, and it's a great pipeline and is one of the biggest pipelines taking gas to Mexico from the U.S.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Debbie. Greg, you pointed it out, and we're not completely through the labeled hurricane season, but I think we've made it through. And unfortunately, for all of you in the Northeast, it seems like the weather is moving that way. But the good news is, and although we recognize that certainly a lot of people in the Gulf Coast and across Texas suffered as a result of the storm and we contributed money to the efforts there, the storm had relatively little impact on the actual Cameron LNG site. And as far as the schedule goes, Debbie just mentioned, that we have no change in the schedule. We did get a claim from the contractor around Hurricane Harvey. It was a named storm, so they're allowed to make a claim, but it was rather immaterial, less than a couple of weeks delay. So, that didn't really change the schedule and an immaterial amount of money related to it. They have told us they might have some additional claims, but we don't have information on that. But I think it's pretty well-recognized that there wasn't much damage. We're still on track. Things are going well. They were back on the site working hard within a couple of weeks of the storm. And so, that's where we stand.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hey, Julien. I think it's more like within the window. Yeah, they're making good progress at the site and they were there right after. And so, we just didn't lose that many days, and then the hurricane season kind of came to a bit of a halt at that point. So the weather has been good, and they've been working hard at the site and making a lot of progress. So I think it's a combination of those things, but I'd say we're probably kind of within the window. But still the good thing is, we're still going to report earnings of $300 million to $350 million in 2020.
