Joseph Householder: Sure. What I said was that the SONGS settlement there revision of $9 million, because of the SONGS settlement that was not in our original guidance. We are reaffirming guidance as the numbers we have that now includes that, so that’s the difference. And then we also said that in guidance was nothing for the Chilean tax reform which has been recently proposed.Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Joseph Householder: Yeah, Steve. That will be helpful. I can elaborate on that. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks the President presented the tax reform proposal to Congress. She mentioned that she would be looking at doing something like this when she was running and so we expect that probably this or some form of this will get enacted but she wants to raise the current rate from 20% to 25% and we believe that will occur over a four year period. So 1% or 2% a year for a few years. This would increase our tax in Chile a few million a year in the early years, not so much because it’s not a big change. But the other change that she wants to make has to do with the way that taxes under current law would be paid in addition so that they distribution tax, or withholding tax if you will, a second level tax that brings the rate up to 35% under current law. She wants to maintain the 35% rate but she wants those taxes paid currently even though the funds aren’t distributed out of the country and she wants back beginning around 2017. We haven’t tried to estimate what the impact on the deferred taxes are yet because it’s a little bit unclear on the second part exactly it’s going to work and when it be enacted but we will tell you on our future call when we know more information about that. But just to be clear she keeping the total rate of 35%, she is changing the structure so it will have some impact on current taxes in the next couple of years and then it could have a little higher impact if this 10% of additional tax gets imposed currently.
Joseph Householder: Yeah we haven’t tried to quantify because there are so many unknowns about how that tax is going to work and what we might be able to do structurally around it. And so we’re kind of just focused on the next year or two is going to have a 1% or 2% increase in the next few years and that’s only a few million. If this additional tax does get enacted we just need to know more about the rule really to try to figure that out. You can make some assumptions with math but we haven’t tried to do that for you.
Debra Reed: Yeah, let me just clarify what is in the plan and what would be upside potentially to the plan. So there is really three pieces of REX that we are talking about. We are talking about the first phase of the Seneca lateral which is about 200 a day and then we are talking about the second phase of the Seneca lateral which is an additional 400 a day and they were talking about the east to west flows. And those east-to-west flows have been contracted at 1.2 Bcf a day at a $0.50 per dekatherm rate for 20 days. And that part of the open season, the binding open season if other parties wanted to pay more than that or look at different volumes and that’s the purpose of the open season. But we really have firm contracts for the 1.2 Bcf a day at the $0.50 a dekatherm. We can’t go through kind of what the investment levels are in each of these phases but I would say that they are not substantial. And so, what I would – you could and we cannot disclose what the rates are on the Seneca lateral pieces of that. The first phase of the Seneca lateral was in our plan of 200 a day. The second incremented for an additional 400 was not in our plan, nor was the REX east to west flow. So you can kind of do your best to calculate the numbers with what I have given you there and assume not huge levels of capital.
Debra Reed: I think it’s May, that we are supposed to get that completed. Initial day was May 7th, I think and then they said something about if they may have to make some extension but sometime in May we would expect.
Debra Reed: Sure, I am glad you asked that because there is a lot really exciting things happening at Mexico and the Mexican government actually put out their five year plan that outlines the hundreds of billions of dollars of projects that they plan on several hundreds of billions of dollar just in the energy sector alone. And this year they have identified a number of projects, I think there is about ten or so pipelines that would be bid out this year. What we seen already the announcement from CFP of the five projects that I mentioned. And we expect those to be, the bid packages to be out within the next couple of months on those. Three of these projects are in U.S., two them are in Mexico and then we have also seen an announcement of bid packages coming out for our three projects from PEMEX over the rest few next couple of months. And one of those projects is a gas pipeline one is a naphtha pipeline and one is a liquids pipeline or propane pipeline. And so we are seeing a lot of momentum right now in terms of the bids coming out and they have identified more bids, another five or so projects later this year that’s on their schedule that they have identified as being bid out this year. So we think it’s a great opportunities, we are analyzing those right down looking at what is available on the project. So they said they don’t have the bid packages out, so it’s very difficult for us to assess which ones we would bid on. We are certainly into both of those in Mexico and the U.S. project.
Debra Reed: I would just also add the analyst meeting we talked about our capital allocation and the things that’s been great for Sempra is we have a lot of growth areas. We have a lot of places we can deploy our capital. And so we always look at these businesses in terms of the risk adjusted returns and how it fits for us in comparison to other alternatives that we have and we will continue to do that.
Debra Reed: Well I mean there is a lot of assets that are adjacent to Cameron that we own, like the LA storage, it’s – that is something that we are looking at now, the potential of development of that. We have the Cameron pipeline, we are going to be – we have our other storage facilities that we think with all of the change that we’re starting to see and we are seeing now the picking up the pace, hold the gas conversions occurring and then we are starting to see the LNG facilities coming on line over the next coming years. So we think all of those assets integrate well, we think other pipeline assets integrate well and that we think other LNG facilities, we have the Port Arthur property that we think is a very viable facility to develop and then we have train four and five at Cameron that we think are also viable to develop. So our focus is kind of around that cluster of assets that really kind of support each other and support the change and what’s happening in the gas market.
Debra Reed: Yeah, we’ve been spending a lot of time on this question, so I will let Mark and Joe answer this and I might summarize at the end.
Debra Reed: I would just add that, in terms of the timing of when the government is expecting in this case PFE expecting this pipeline to go into service, one of them is expected to go into service in 2016 the other is in 2017. So they have nice timing relative to our Cameron assets.
Debra Reed: Sure I’ll try to do the best I can on that, if you read the decision then you’ll also see that is very hard to interpret and there’s some contradictory elements and we’re going to filing comments on May 5th and trying to get some of that cleaned up. What the decision basically does is it goes back to 1956 and it says that any pipeline that they set they feel that should have been tested from 1956 and beyond where you haven’t tested or you don’t have complete records of testing, that a shareholder should be responsible for the test and the test component of that. And we think we have some really good evidence that, that was even inconsistent with the policy at that time. In fact we have CPUC policy statements on the record dating back to 1950 where they said that utilities were not required to meet voluntary standards and that they were not going to be funded. So these are things that I think are in contention right now in the decision. If we look at the decision in entirety and you look at the fact that we can expedite some of the other phases that even if we look at the decision as it stands today we think we can be consistent with the plan that we showed you in March. But we do feel like we have a really strong case for getting some of these things modified. And you will see that, I hope you read our comments on May 6th when we file them and you see that’s the case that we have that shows that really this first time there were standards put in place was in 1961 and SoCalGas and SDG&E had a very, very few miles of pipe that were installed post 1961, that we don’t have complete records on. So I think that’s hopefully that’s where we end up on this. But you’ll see some very strong comments from us.
Debra Reed: It would go, well it would become effective, the contract’s effective but the actual line would go into place in June 2015, is the timeframe.
Debra Reed: Yeah on any of the gains or costs like that we would incur entering into these partnerships on renewables are in our guidance to the extent that we can expect them and as you remember last December we talked to you about ESJ that we thought we would be towards the low end of our ranges of that time because ESJ was delayed because it was in our plan for last year. And so ESJ and Copper Mountain 3 were both in our plans for this year. It’s part of our business model where we sell 50% down, a lot of that is recouping the development cost that we already expensed during the course of the time for these projects. So it’s always in our guidance if we know that we’re intending to sell an asset like that.
Debra Reed: In the renewable – and I would say, in the renewable space. Like Mesquite is not in our guidance because that is not something that’s a typical business model for us but the turn of these renewable projects is selling off 50%, we always put that in our guidance.
Debra Reed: I would say it’s probably the weather. We’ve had an endless summer in California it’s like 90 degrees here today. So there’s nothing fundamentally different in the business as we see it I think it’s mainly weather.
Debra Reed: Yeah. I don’t think anyone had their heater on in California, at least in southern California there has been high C’s and it’s been so warm, yeah.
Debra Reed: Okay, well the timing on – we are supposed to hear something back, at least what NEIL has indicated this summer about their response to the claims that have been made. And then the MHI arbitration is likely to take a couple of years. We won’t even probably be appearing before the arbitrator for a year or something. So that will take some period of time. Under the settlement provision there is a sharing mechanism for third-party recoveries where based upon the amount recovered that the – get a certain amount and the shareholders get a certain amount. And none of that has been recorded at all. Anything that we would get in that would be upside. We don’t have anything in our plan about any recoveries about, that would be all upside.
Debra Reed: There is a lot of what ifs there. But REX is a great asset. As we’ve said that it is not an asset that could stand alone in an MLP. The pipelines we’re going to service in 2016 or 2017 according to the schedule that’s been published by the government. And so when those start if we were to get one or more of those and they were cash flowing in that period of time then that would be something we would definitely look at as a potential bridge strategy consistent with what we told you at the Analyst Meeting, because those assets have the same type of characteristics as Cameron. They will be long-term contracted. And one of the things we don’t want to do is to form an MLP with assets that don’t have the same kinds of value enhancing characteristics like Cameron that would trade at low yield. So if all of those things happen we would certainly look at it and we would time it based upon how to create the greatest long-term value for our shareholders.
Debra Reed: I mean we will look at – I would not say Mexico, the Mexican pipelines in the U.S are one way to form a bridge strategy. There are other ways to form bridge strategies and we have a team looking at all MLP-able assets and what it does to the long-term value if we were to acquire, build or buy any of these assets or companies, what it would do in terms of creating long-term value and comparison to standalone MLP with Cameron and that’s the way we’ll look at it. And we will figure out the combination and the timing that gives us the greatest long-term value.
Debra Reed: Sure. One of the – I mentioned earlier that we don’t have anything in our plans in Mexico to do additional electric generation or transmission right now. Those are areas that are opening up and the government has published a list of potential projects to bid on – those are right in our sweet spot absolutely, those are areas of interest to us that we have not put into any of our plans today. And those are projects that we’re interested in – they are on the list that the government has published as well to be bid out. The other area I would say and we’re doing some work now is in the gathering and processing. We have done different types of pipelines in Mexico. We’ve built an ethane pipeline as an example. And so we think that this is a great opportunity area for us is to get into the gathering and processing area in Mexico. And so we’re exploring those opportunities. All of the markets are opening up in those areas. So it’s not just gas pipelines for us, it’s electric transmission electric generation gathering and processing, all of those are great opportunity areas. And I think in the energy sector that there was something like $600 billion of projects identified over the next five years in Mexico. I would see us going after a very large share of that and aggressively going after a very larger share of that.
Debra Reed: Well I will tell you how we are thinking generally I am not going to comment on any other companies or their transactions. But the way that we think about it is we have an exceptional asset with Cameron when that goes online that has natural drop down, we think would trade at a very low yield and would be an amazing MLP. That if we do a bridge strategy we would not wanted to diminish the value of that long term asset or an MLP. But there is a possibility that how something might be structured could increase the value in a bridge strategy. And if we found assets that we thought would trade as comparable kinds of yield and that they would allow us to have higher splits by doing it earlier we are absolutely not adverse to doing that. But we are not going to just go out and buy something that is going to trade very differently than Cameron would likely trade and diminish the value of a high value asset in the long term and that’s the way we would generally look at it.
Debra Reed: I am always optimistic. And I think that there is a lot of infrastructure that’s needed in the U.S. and so there are opportunities for us to look at but I wouldn’t want to handicap it. And the good thing is we have an incredible fall-back position with Cameron and the assets around Cameron. And so I wouldn’t want to handicap that, but I think there is a lot of opportunities happening in the United States right now in terms of infrastructure.
Debra Reed: Well thank you all for joining us today on the call. As always our incredible investor relations staff will be there to answer any of the follow-up calls that you have after. So call Rich or Kendall or Amanda with any follow-up questions and have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Mark Snell: The only thing I would add to that is that again those renewable projects do fit our contraction, our contracting mode though which is the long term 20 years contract. They are all contracted for a long period of time. On the wind side, we are kind of, I guess the whole industry is a little bit up in the air. We don’t know where we are going to be with CPUC extensions or not. I think from our perspective since we are not using all the tax credits some phase out of CPUCs or something would be probably be helpful for us. But I think what we will be doing is deploying capital primarily in our solar projects that are adjacent to some of our existing facilities. We have a fairly competitive pricing point there because we have a lot of infrastructure in place and I think we can win bids and be successful and get the kind of returns that we expect. So I think we are going to stay in that business but again it’s going to be the long term contracted kind of profile that you come to expect from us.
Mark Snell: I would also just add Debbie, we talked about on a few other calls but we’re always interested in way to increase the value and we try to look at whether the stock’s being priced fairly and one of the things we talked about is our contracted energy infrastructure business is effectively a yield co. I was talking to myself this morning and I was thinking maybe we should just change the name to simply yield growth, [inaudible].
Mark Snell: Yes. Well, let me – I’ll just kick in. Clearly we are pleased with the upside potential at REX that we just six months to year ago we didn’t know whether – where we were going to be with that asset. So obviously given the interest on the east to west shipping and some of the lateral opportunities there clearly is a strong asset there now, that looks like it’s going to have good cash flows for a long time to come. I think and Joe can comment on this but unfortunately we only own 25% of it and therefore there is some regulatory reasons why it is a standalone asset, can’t be an MLP, but it can be in MLP with other types of assets that we own and we certainly have plenty to do that. I do think we are continuing to look in our MLP-able assets that make sense. And one of the most exciting thing is this pipeline announcements that came out of Mexico, there is several of those pipelines, three of them that are going to be in the U.S. and they are sizeable investment and if we win one or two or so of those they would also be very good assets for the MLP. So we see some real opportunities where we actually have some I think advantages because of our history with the Mexican government and our ability and the fact that we’ve been doing business in the Mexico for a long time. I think we would be looked at as somebody that would have not only the wherewithal to do that but also the experience and I think somebody that will be a trusted partner for PEMEX and for the PFE on those pipelines.
Mark Snell: Yeah to answer your question specifically we went out and obviously canvassed potential parties and got commitments for 1.2Bs at $0.50 if somebody comes in and wants additional capacity than the existing holders have the right to match that price so the $0.50 effectively becomes kind of a floor but at the end of the day we kind of expect that to be the price. So there could be a little bit of an uptick but I think for our modeling and stuff we are using $0.50. And then to the other question yes, we can expand the East-West capacity of REX beyond the 1.2. The question is as you start to expand it further you get into certain additional compression but also you get this pretty quickly to where you have to start doing some looping which gets very expensive and so the question is are we still the most cost effective solution and we’re looking at it and so everyone will certainly study it but I would expect we’re not putting anything in our plans right now for that and we’re just really focused on getting this 1.2 signed up and moving forward on that. And then we’ll look to see if we’re cost effective for the shippers on doing any further expansion, could be that we are but we’re just starting to study that now.Gabe Moreen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great thanks very much.
Mark Snell: We had a FERC hearing on those issues and we were successful and FERC agreed that in that zone the shippers don’t have any right to those revenues or the ability to do that.
Mark Snell: Yeah. Residential volumes were down and so Edison’s electric volumes were probably down and the power points were not used as much.
Mark Snell: Well. I think the actual volume of gas flowing probably will ramp up because not all of the infrastructure is in place. But we will get paid. We’ve got a firm capacity arrangement essentially, so we will get paid as if it was running full.
Mark Snell: It will be slower at first I don’t – I can probably get you those numbers if you are interested and get back to you on it. But I just – I don’t know off the top of my head exactly what the ramp up will be.
Mark Snell: Yeah. It’s not listed as some expansion project in the list that we’ve gotten but there is obviously if we get more petrochemical plants down there and things – there is an opportunity there. But I think right now it’s – we’re not counting on it.
Mark Snell: Yeah. The first thing that happens is we recover the legal fees that we had paid out so that would go like earnings because we are already recording those expenses. And then as Debbie said it would be upside it would go to reduce the losses that we took earlier. So we would just have income for the amount that came to us.
Mark Snell: Yeah. We usually do see the economics are better when we build green field things and buy something. But I think what Debbie just said all the above, we’re looking at all the above.
