Debra L. Reed: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I know many of you on the East Coast are recovering from the effects of Hurricane Sandy and we appreciate you taking the time to be on this call. SDG&E has sent more than 40 employees and 20 pieces of heavy equipment to help Con Edison repair overhead power lines damaged by the storm, and we will continue to do whatever we can to provide assistance. Moving to our call, today we'll review our third quarter financial results and provide updates on operational matters at all of our businesses, on regulatory matters at our California utilities and on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Let's begin with our financial results. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $268 million or $1.09 per share. Excluding a $60 million after-tax non-cash charge related to our investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline, or REX, adjusted earnings for the third quarter of 2012 were $328 million or $1.33 per share. In the third quarter of 2011, we reported earnings of $289 million or $1.20 per share. This quarter, we were able to grow our adjusted earnings despite the loss of the CDWR contract, which you'll remember expired in September of 2011. And I remain very pleased with our operating performance. We continue to execute on our strategy through the sale of 50% of our Mesquite power plant, our plans to build a new pipeline in Mexico and our continued progress on the liquefaction project at Cameron. Now let me pass things over to Joe to take you through the details of the financial results, beginning with Slide 4.
Debra L. Reed: Okay, sure. Well, let me address your first question and then we'll go to your second. In terms of some of the comments that have made on non-FTA permit and timing of that, there've been a lot of comments that have made in different presentations that have been made from members of DOE. I would say that one of the comments that was made was an error and actually there was withdrawal of that comment and I think it was related to the comment that you're referring to. What we're hearing is that the report will be out later this year. And that after the report is out, that there would be a comment period of about 60 days. And then after that comment period, the decision would be made regarding non-FTA. So we feel that we will be seeing that sometime in early 2013. Mark, I would ask if you have any additional comments you want to make on that.
Debra L. Reed: Well, as you will recall that we were planning, as you mentioned, to repatriate dollars back over the 5-year plan period beginning in late 2013. We're still planning to do that, and the amounts that we were looking at over the 5-year period we believe are going to be consistent with what we showed you in the 5-year plan. So we don't see any real change in that as a result of this pipeline.
Debra L. Reed: Sure. Let me address it at a high level, and then we'll have Trevor or Joe kind of fill in more detail. What I would say is in going through the process of assessing this, is our best estimate and we consider all factors involved. There is a ROFR and at this quarter, we had information on the ROFR. We also had the opportunity to have discussions with Tallgrass and understand their kind of strategy long-term for the development of the pipeline and what they might do to change the operations, the flows on that pipeline. We did market modeling and had various models that we consider. And we did a full assessment of all of the data that was available to us, and put a significant amount of weight on the ROFR and made our determination of what we felt the value of the line was. In terms of in the future that we have to assess as information becomes available to us if that changes any of our modeling, if it changes our assumptions, if there was a sale by one of the parties, and we had information on the prices that pipeline share would sold at, whether it's a fourth sale, or if it's a really full open market sale. All those are things that are considered in terms of the valuation. And that's the process we went through and concluded that the level of $369 million for the value of the line was an appropriate level.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me just kind of go through the high-level of the pipeline and the returns. In terms of the pipeline, as I mentioned, it was going to cost about $1 billion. And it's a little over [ph] 500 miles. We are expecting returns on that pipeline that are slightly higher than what the ROEs are that we have authorized by our California utility. So that's the kind of returns that we would expect for this pipeline assets that are contracted with CFE for 25 years. And in terms of the Bcf a day, I'll have Mark talk about that.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, first, let me say that the special tax item that I think you're referring to, we had the -- we're taking out the COLI, which was not a tax item. We're taking out the REX, and that's what our guidance includes. And then we had the tax item at SDG&E this quarter, which is really not a special tax item. It's an ongoing change in how taxes are calculated for SDG&E. And so we should see that impact continuing into next year, some of it. Part of it, about $0.09 a share this year was retroactive to 2011, and the remainder of it was for 2012 and would continue, subject to no other changes, into 2013. So I just want to clarify that it wasn't a onetime item or the majority of it was not a onetime item.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, if you've kind of looked at our segments, SDG&E has had a very, very strong year. And that -- when we get a rate case decision, SoCalGas will have had a very strong year. I mean, we are booking based upon 2011 revenues with no attrition at those 2 utilities. And so -- and we are booking based upon the depreciation and the interest expense and all that we had in 2011, and that, that is much higher this year than it was actually in 2011, but we don't have any additional revenues we're booking for that until we get a rate case decision. So those 2 segments are doing extremely well. Our International segment is doing extremely well, and our gas and power segment is pretty much on track with what we expected.
Debra L. Reed: Yes, let me have Mark talk about that. I don't think there's much of a change in our view from what we've talked about before but...
Debra L. Reed: Yes, thanks for that question. Just to clarify, our desire is to exit the merchant power business. We don't see that as part of our long-term strategy, and we've been doing that, and we've sold El Dorado. It's a utility we sold half of the plant we co-loaned with Occidental earlier. Now we've sold half of Mesquite to Salt River project and we have about 250 megawatts sold of the remaining block at Mesquite. So we are on the path to exit the merchant generation business. But as you can see from this transaction, that we were able to transact at about $600 per kW. So we're not in a big rush to sell, that we will find buyers that we can work with effectively to get good value for our shareholders from the assets.
Debra L. Reed: I would just say that our history has been able to be able to work under any administration, and that I don't think either administration -- or either candidate has been very, very clear on their energy policies as part of the debate. So whoever gets elected that's one thing we'll work on with them from the very beginning of them taking office or continuing. But I think it's really not that big of an issue for us that both are very favorable on natural gas infrastructure and have made public comments to that degree. And so I think that we feel that we can work under any administration and look forward to doing that.
Debra L. Reed: It's very difficult for us to determine what's going to happen in the next. Actually we could theoretically get it through the end of November a proposed decision and they could call a special meeting in December and vote it out. They haven't typically done that, so we're looking at November 20th as kind of being the date. And if we don't see a proposed decision by November 20th, we would anticipate it to be next year. And it's unfortunate that the commission has just had a lot of issues on their plate, a lot driven by San Bruno, which has kind of caused their normal schedule to lapse a bit. And it's really hard for us to predict what is going to be the outcome. That's why we wanted to give you a heads up and let you know how it would be accounted for accounting purposes. We would get our dollars retroactively, but in one case it would come into 2012 earnings and in another case it will come into 2013 earnings, which theoretically shouldn't really make much difference, but...
Debra L. Reed: And I would just add that just to be clear, we did not have those earnings in our 2013 guidance so...
Debra L. Reed: I would say we're not going to give any information on guidance. I just wanted you to understand that we had assumed we will get the rate case in 2012 when we gave our guidance. And I'm not going to tell you what's going to happen in 2013. We will do that at the Analyst Meeting as we always do and typically we also on our fourth quarter call give you some indication. So we'll do that at that time and then we'll have a better picture on what the actual rate case outcome is at that time.
Debra L. Reed: Yes. We've looked thoroughly. There were different segments that were biddable, 4 segments that were biddable and we elected to only bid on 2 of those and we got the 2 that we bid on. So as far as we're concerned for this, the full length of the pipeline, we got the 2 segments that we had bid on. We received the go ahead on those.
Debra L. Reed: Not from this solicitation, but obviously Mexico is doing so much to change from an oil-based economy to a natural gas-based economy, so it's a great growth area for us. But in this solicitation, again, there will be no more.
Debra L. Reed: As Joe mentioned, that there was a $41 million payment that we would receive in fourth quarter most likely assuming that the deal closes. And that would have an earnings impact that when we took out the REX amount and kind of looking at our guidance, we take out both the impact of that and we take out the write-off for that. So as we're giving you guidance of the $4 to $4.30 range and where we would be depending on the GRC, we've taken into account the potential of that payment. And not including it in the guidance estimates.
Debra L. Reed: I'm not sure that I understood your question clearly. It was a little muddled here. But I think it had to do with the IFRS and...
Debra L. Reed: Yes, we generally use for the LNG business a rule of thumb of $13 million per dollar change in gas prices, is what we traditionally use as a rule of thumb for that. And that applies to the LNG business. There's also some variability in some of other businesses, but those businesses depend on what our hedge positions are. I know they are not so easily done by a rule of thumb, but for LNG about $13 million per dollar change.
Debra L. Reed: I'll remind you though that for our utility businesses, we are not at risk for any of the commodity changes so gas price impacts are really in our U.S. gas business and our International for the LNG so.
Debra L. Reed: Well, I again want to thank you all for joining us this morning. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Rick or Victor and have a great day. Thank you very much.
Mark A. Snell: Yes, Faisel, it was unfortunate, but the comment that was attributed to a member of the DOE staff was actually not made by a DOE person. And it was made by an outside consultant that was speaking at the same event. And it wasn't really intended to be -- it was more of a reflection on market conditions, not on regulatory permit restrictions. And we really think it really has almost no bearing on our permit or any of the others that are being processed now through the DOE and the FERC. We expect to go forward. Yes, as you know that there has been a delay in the issuance of the DOE report. We don't expect that to affect our project. We're moving forward. We should have our full engineering study done by the end of the year and we expect to file our FERC permit sometime in late December, so with the full engineering study. So we're moving forward on this, and we really haven't -- we really don't expect this to be a big deal.
Mark A. Snell: The pipeline is in 2 phases. The first phase is a little under 800 Bcf a day, and the second phase is a little over 500 Bcf a day.
Mark A. Snell: Well, no. I wouldn't add it together. It's a little under 800 Bcf coming down to a certain point and then it gets sold [indiscernible].
Mark A. Snell: No, I think what we've said publicly is that the projects would be smaller, and that means this probably goes from 3 trains to 1 or 2 trains and we'd have to evaluate that at the time. But let me stress that none of the feedback we've gotten from the FERC or the DOE and none of the -- and the way are rules are written and what we expect to go forward and the rumblings we've heard about the report at DOE, we fully expect to get this thing permitted and moving it forward. So we don't think that that's going to be a -- that we're going to have to deal with that. But if we do, we do think that there's enough of a market with our partners in the FDA-approved countries already that we would just -- we would continue to do a project, but it would be smaller.
Mark A. Snell: And SoCal board of price was down $0.66 from what it was at the end of last year and that's what's causing this $8 billion or $9 million effect.
Joseph A. Householder: We're very excited to have this new project be part of our growth profile and the sources of the capital that we're going to use to fund it will depend on minimizing our cost, maintaining the strong credit quality we have and enhancing our financial flexibility, and part of that will be looking at the dividend as you mentioned. And as we begin to incur significant expenditures as we start to develop this project, we'll work on finalizing that approach and let you know as we know more about how we're going to do that. But it will produce dollars, but those dollars will be part of the retained earnings and then depending on how we finance it, we'll have to look at what we do to bring that money out. It doesn't immediately just come out. It obviously will be part of our whole Mexico franchise and we'll have to evaluate those dividends. But as Debbie mentioned earlier to Faisel's question, we will be continuing with the program of about $300 million a year into the near-term as we see that go on, unless something happens here in the election and we see a different tax regime.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, sure. Essentially, this change in the rule will allow us to continue this going forward, but we'll have to actually do the calculations after we spend the funds and see what the repairs were. And so it's a little bit harder to predict what it will be going forward, but it will continue forward and if we continue to operate in the way we are, you might consider it to be a similar kind of an amount.
Joseph A. Householder: Hey, Paul. So this has been an issue that's been going on for a long period of time. I mean when I arrived here at the company in 2001, people were looking at this issue and the IRS was auditing a lot of companies, the Big 4 were looking at a bunch of companies, trying to do this thing, and there was no guidance really. And there was a big question about whether certain repairs that were made should be deducted or whether they actually should be capitalized for tax purposes. And so some companies have early adopted this rule, if you will, without any guidance, and they're under audit. So each company will be a little bit different here. They didn't all take exactly the same treatment at the same time. We're following the Safe Harbor guidance that the IRS published late in 2011. We had to do a lot of work to study because we had to go back to the sort of beginning of time of all of these assets and these repairs and roll forward the study. And then we had to also make sure we have the systems to implement that and carry it forward. And the -- when you change tax bases like this, not through depreciation, it is normally a flow-through item for rate-making purposes. And that's why it's flowing to the bottom line here. And so that's how it's treated for rate-making purposes. And those kind of flow-through items we always have to forecast into future rate cases.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, that receivable, it doesn't impact earnings. It is a reduction of the basis of the assets. So when we get the receivable, it just reduces the basis of the assets that you're putting into service. And we're using that grant rather than the ITC. It's more efficient for us. And we expect to get that in the early part of the year. So the solar -- I'm sorry, some of the solar assets.
Joseph A. Householder: Sundry assets, the increase from the end of the year until now is a couple of different things but one of the things is we have a portfolio of assets that are used to cover our various executive plans and other things that's in a rabbi trust. And those went up in value. So those actually do go to earnings. Some of the other changes where unamortized debt issuance cost and things like that but mostly the change was the rabbi trust going up in value.
Joseph A. Householder: Yes, it actually -- some of those assets are in the COLI, some of them aren't, but it's to support our various deferred comp and other benefits.
Joseph A. Householder: That one was not much. I'll see if Trevor has the actual number for the rabbi trust. In the quarter, again, there was about $15 million.
Joseph A. Householder: Winfried, this is Joe. I understand what you're saying and those betterments and all those rules are kind of the old way that the IRS looked at these sort of things. What they've done with these rules is they've tried to define what a unit of property is, so they're looking at a certain number of feet or miles of pipe or in this case, a transmission line or distribution line. And if you only repaired a certain amount of that, and it's less than the whole unit, then you get to expense that as a repair rather than capitalize it. And so that's what this has to do with and it's kind of getting away from a little bit betterment language that you're referring to.
