Justin Bird: Thanks, Trevor. I’m excited about Sempra Infrastructure’s recent accomplishments and want to highlight some of our key achievements. Sempra Infrastructure has seen a solid year of commercial activity with robust LNG, cross-border renewables and pipeline infrastructure demand, creating a foundation for future growth. During the year, Sempra Infrastructure brought assets online within its Clean Power and Energy Networks businesses, while operations at its Cameron LNG Phase 1 terminal exceeded production targets. On the Pacific Coast, we continue to expect ECA LNG Phase 1 commercial operations to commence in the summer of 2025. Also, both ECA LNG Phase 2 and Vista Pacifico LNG received DOE approvals to re-export U.S.-sourced natural gas from Mexico in the form of LNG to non-free trade agreement countries. Please turn to the next slide. As you all know, we continue to advance our strategy of building out a dual market platform that allows us to efficiently deliver LNG to customers in the Atlantic and Pacific regions. To that end, I am excited to say we have completed the marketing phase for Port Arthur LNG Phase 1. We have carefully structured this development project to reduce risk by fully contracting the long-term offtake securing a fixed price EPC and identifying world-class development partners. In November 2022, we announced the execution of definitive agreements with ConocoPhillips, pursuant to which they would acquire a 30% ownership interest in Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 and take 5 MTPA of offtake from the project. In January, we announced that Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 was fully subscribed at 10.5 Mtpa of definitive long-term take-or-pay contracts with world-class counterparties. We also have a fixed price turnkey EPC contract with arguably the most experienced LNG EPC provider in the U.S., Bechtel. With the completion of marketing and execution of the EPC contract, we’re now focused on finalizing the project level debt and equity financing. On the basis of the current financing efforts that are underway, we aim to efficiently raise lower-cost capital and protect Sempra Infrastructure’s investment-grade balance sheet. We are targeting Sempra Infrastructure Partners’ ownership in the project of between 20% and 30% with ConocoPhillips owning 30% and the balance being sold in the form of a non-controlling interest to one or more investors. This is an exciting project. In this initial phase, we’re aiming to generate equity returns in the mid-teens while preserving Sempra Infrastructure’s investment grade rating and reducing our equity contributions to the project. As we approach FID, we continue to focus on striking the right balance of efficient financing, risk mitigation and retention of upside from future project cash flows and earnings. Over the past decade, we’ve successfully built LNG export and other large infrastructure facilities, demonstrating our deep development expertise and capabilities to build world-class infrastructure. I believe this experience serves us well as we aim to bring Port Arthur LNG Phase 1 to FID through construction and ultimately to commercial operations as we execute on our goal of delivering cleaner, more secure U.S. natural gas to global markets. Please turn to the next slide. Turning to Cameron LNG Phase 2. As a reminder, this project is also competitively positioned on the Gulf Coast to export LNG to Europe and Asia. And given that as a brownfield facility, it has a distinct advantage to produce competitively priced LNG. The expansion project remains on track as we advance our key work streams. We outlined last year that our activities are focused primarily on completing the FERC amendment, advancing marketing efforts with the goal of securing long-term offtake agreements and completing the competitive feed process. On the regulatory front, the FERC commitment process that supports the transition from gas turbines to electric drives is progressing well. We received the environmental assessment from FERC citing no adverse impact, which is a positive step toward securing the final authorizations. Turning to marketing. 100% of the expected offtake is subscribed under HOAs our existing partners will take their 50% of production and SI’s 50% of volumes is already subscribed under existing HOAs on a back-to-back basis. Next, on engineering, as we have talked about in the past, we’re running a competitive feed process between Bechtel and a JGC Zahra joint venture. This process is on track to be completed in the summer of this year, and we would expect to make a final investment decision shortly thereafter. Please turn to the next slide, where I’ll turn it back over to Trevor to discuss Sempra’s financial results.
Justin Bird: Yes, sure. Thanks Jeff. I think – and I will hark into something that you said earlier, Jeff, that as a starting point, SI is really focused on long-term contracted cash flows from our infrastructure projects in Louisiana, Texas and Mexico. And I think there is two important points to remember there. One, we don’t own infrastructure in the Western U.S. and two we work to avoid commodity exposure. As you think about ECA LNG in Baja, as you recall, when we took FID decision in 2020, we essentially leased transportation capacity that would allow natural gas to be delivered from the producing basins both in Texas and New Mexico to the project when it comes online in 2025. And in the interim, we look to offset those costs by utilizing that capacity to deliver gas to customers. But given our infrastructure focus, we do this by conservatively hedging our position well in advance, which reduces our market exposure. And you will notice, as you look in the ‘22 earnings on a GAAP basis, as a result of those hedges, we have unrealized mark-to-market losses of over $300 million, which represents the difference between our conservative hedges and the market price. So again, as an infrastructure company, we prefer to optimize recurring infrastructure cash flows and minimize our exposure to changes in commodity prices, essentially exchanging price volatility to get recurring cash flows. And I think you will see that trend continue. We are focused on long-term recurring cash flows from credit where the offtakers and that will be our focus at SI.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks Anthony. So yes, as we have said, that contract is for $10.5 billion. It is a fixed price. There is some escalation components in that as we move towards issuing a final notice to proceed. I think importantly, let me emphasize again, we are very proud of our selection of Bechtel. They have a history of building projects, LNG projects in the Gulf that have all been on-time, on-budget and have importantly provided production numbers in excess of what was guaranteed. As we look at our specific EPC contract, there are some very small pieces of that, that would float. But again, we have a contingency in place as does Bechtel to handle those adjustments. So, I think again, looking to Bechtel’s history, they delivered on-time, on-budget, under fixed price EPC contract. So, we are very comfortable with the contract. And again, I will use my word again, I can’t tell you how excited we are as we move towards FID prior to the end of this quarter.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thanks Jeff. And Craig, I am never going to assume you don’t have a lot of LNG experience. So, thanks for your question. I think as you look at the pecking order, again, it can always change. As you will note, about this time last year, the war in Ukraine changed, what we thought was, our pecking order at that time. But as I think about our opportunities going forward, let me start with Port Arthur Phase 2. I think there is a lot of excitement around a second phase at Port Arthur, would be brownfield, would clearly benefit from sharing of common facilities. And as I think about that development, there is a few key work streams, which again, is consistent with Craig, how we have always discussed about how we move forward our LNG projects. First, permitting, Port Arthur LNG Phase 2 has an application in the FERC and the FERC order is pending. Second is commercial. We have MOUs for volumes out of Phase 2 and are discussions with many parties to fill any outstanding volumes. Engineering and construction, we are in discussions with Bechtel about continuous construction and optimizing that process. And as we always do, we are engaged with the credit rating agencies to make sure as we think about financing these opportunities, we find them the most efficient way to finance taking into account credit and returns. So, that’s kind of Port Arthur. If you ask me the pecking order, I think the second phase at Port Arthur would be next. As we think about Vista Pacifico, I think you are seeing some exciting developments there as we continue to work with the Mexican government and with CFE about really optimizing supply there. There is a lot of interest, as you might expect, given it’s out of the Pacific Coast. And as we think about ECA LNG Phase 2, I think you have seen some also exciting developments. If you recall, we recently got our non-FTA permits for both Vista and ECA. The other thing that you may have noticed is we had an MOU that we announced with CFE and Carso, which would be an opportunity to bring additional gas volumes to the Baha area, which could expedite the development of ECA LNG Phase 2. So again, I hate to be the being accused of saying excited too much, but I think there are exciting opportunities in the rest of our LNG portfolio.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Let me provide some context here. You did mention the step up from ‘22 to ‘23, which was about 9.25% growth. I’ll give you a couple of things that I think will help you on this. One is when you look back over the last 1, 5, 10, 20-year periods of financial performance, we’ve delivered EPS growth in the range of 6% to 8% or higher. In fact, over the last 5-year, Shar, we’ve delivered a compound annual growth rate of right at around 11%. So I would also note, over those same periods of time, we’ve outperformed our sector in total shareholder returns. Second, harking back to 2022, as you alluded to, our 5-year capital plan we launched last year was our largest ever at $36 billion. And you’ll recall that over 90% of those dollars were allocated toward meeting our expected rate base growth. And we certainly – we think that will continue to be a big driver across the balance of the decade. But one of the reasons we have so much confidence in our long-term growth rate is because now we really have improved visibility to a portfolio of growth opportunities at Sempra Infrastructure over the same period. So we feel very good about our 6% to 8% growth rate. I think that we’ve demonstrated over a long period of time we have the ability inside this organization to grow at a rate faster than that. And we’ve certainly done that in the last 12 months than we’ve done it over the last 5 years.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I think it’s a combination of both. You’ll recall that when we set our 2023 guidance last February. We’ve come back 12 months later, we’ve affirmed that guidance. When you look at the 2022 results, obviously, it was record adjusted EPS for our company, really had strong safety results, strong operational results, executed a $7.8 billion capital plan, which we’re really very pleased with. But I would note to your point, as we look to 2023, we are going to manage some headwinds, right? Number one, you referenced one of them which is the ROEs and our California utilities were adjusted down by 25 basis points. We are operating in a higher interest rate environment. Number three, and Trevor mentioned this one, non-controlling interest at Sempra Infrastructure today is 10% higher than it was at this time last year. And we’re managing some different potential outcomes associated with the Oncor base review. That said, the reason we’re confident about our 2023 numbers, and we’re going to work hard to beat them is. We have a great plan of execution. It causes us to have a lot of confidence in our guidance. And I would also mention to your earlier question, we have a visibility to one of our largest portfolios of opportunities in the future, and that’s why we feel very good about the 6% to 8% growth rate.
Jeff Martin: Well, thank you. We’re certainly excited about Port Arthur. I noted in Justin’s prepared remarks, I think he used the word exciting 4 or 5x. I think it reflects our excitement inside the company. As Sempra Infrastructure, you’ve followed us for a long time, Shar. We tend to be very disciplined in how we allocate capital between shareholder distributions and new projects like Port Arthur. Sempra Infrastructure typically targets high single-digit to low double-digit unlevered returns. And we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we do this with the goal of maintaining portfolio equity returns in the mid-teens. We’re very excited. I think one of the things Justin talked about is, we think we can give this project on time and on budget. But given the positive interest in the marketplace for the project, I would tell you the returns that I decided we think, are very reasonable. But 1 thing it’s worth our audience tracking, which is we also expect to retain certain preferences and economics and the sell-down of our equity and asset optimization initiatives like you’ve seen us do around debottlenecking, expansion projects and gas supply that could give us returns at levels well higher than our normal target.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I appreciate the question. I would remind folks that we brought back our 5-year forecast back in 2021. The convention we’ve adopted over the last several years has been to work off the midpoint of our current year guidance, which we announced today we feel very solid about our 6% to 8% growth rate. And really, that’s looking at the roll forward capital plan from last year of about $36 billion. I think what’s exciting for us is we have the opportunity to improve that forecast. Certainly, Phase 1 of Port Arthur is important. And Allen and his team are doing a really good job of managing our rate case outcomes in Texas. So I would just say that, that 6% to 8% growth rate is something that looks conservative relative to our past performance. And I will tell you that one of the things we talked a little bit in my prepared remarks about how we have repositioned the business over the last 5 years, what’s unique today is our visibility into future growth is better than it has been in the past. So, we want to get through a couple of big events here in the spring and come back with a more robust capital plan by our May call, and we look forward to having that conversation in greater detail.
Jeff Martin: Yes. That’s a great question. I will tell you, one of the things that really differentiates good companies from average companies is how disciplined you are in capital allocation. And I will tell you, we certainly understand the importance of dividend to our investors, and that’s why we have consistently grown it over the last 12 years. Our Board has established a projected payout ratio for us between 50% and 60%. What we announced today falls in the 53% range. And I would make a comment that over the last 10 years, we have averaged roughly a 7% increase to our dividend, which we feel great about. But remember, too, that we are investing in our businesses to support organic growth, and that is our most important initiative. And over our history, I think most people would say our focus has been on investing in opportunities to grow our business while balancing that with returning capital to shareholders, just like you talked about. So, you have seen us return capital in the form of share repurchases, and we have also been fairly aggressive about returning capital in the form of a dividend. So, I guess my concluding point would be in combination, that dividend growth and the planned growth we have in front of the company, we think this strategy has resulted in the relative outperformance of Sempra stock over the last 1-year, 5-year, 10-year and 20-year period relative to our index. We are committed to disciplined capital allocation in a strategic manner that results in increase in shareholder value. It is certainly a priority to our management team.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would say we focused on really the last two remaining items that we are working on right now is focusing on lined up our non-recourse debt and also the sell-down of equity, right. And I think if you think about historically, what we have communicated about how we finance projects. We do step one, we look at project level debt is non-recourse to our owners. Two, we leverage the benefit of partners at the project level. We are very pleased to have ConocoPhillips play in that role in Port Arthur. Third, we use capital calls from our partners at separate infrastructure partners. We have got ADIA and KKR and the capital structure and they are going to have an important role in helping us move this project forward. And then finally, as we are doing now, we look to bring in new sources of private equity capital to sell down our interest. So, for us, it’s all about striking the right numbers to take FID, and you should expect us to execute in a way that economizers calls on our equity while striking the right balance of efficient financing, risk mitigation and retention of upside from future project cash flows.
Jeff Martin: I would go back to a couple of first principles here, which is we are very focused on building an infrastructure company. It’s one of the reasons that we talked about the reposition of this business back in 2018 really around being an infrastructure business and really removing non-core assets and commodities from our business model. So, in the Western region right now, we are focused on working through this Western region gas event. And certainly, we are trying to do that from a customer perspective. We have been relatively aggressive about trying to ensure we are making the appropriate announcements to our customers and put some good programs in place. But no, we are not pursuing a basis differential opportunity. But I would think it might be helpful, Justin, talk about how we think about your asset position, particularly in Texas, Louisiana and Mexico.
Jeff Martin: Yes, it’s a great question. We are going to update our roll forward 5-year capital plan later this spring. Currently, we are working off of the plan we rolled out last year. We don’t simply put projects in our plan unless they have reached FID. So, I would view Port Arthur as an upside to our long-term opportunities.
Jeff Martin: Yes. I would tell you the answer is both, right. So, you have gone through a really unique situation in Europe. Most of the contracts for Phase 1 are being launched off the basis of Europe. But I would also note in the Washington Post a few days ago, they talked about the highest ever approval rate for coal plants in China where they are launching 106 gigawatts of new coal plants. That’s 82 new plants going into service. And between China and India, they burn about 70% of all the coal in the world. So, there is a big opportunity for energy insecurity in Asia. The long-term market opportunity remains an Asian opportunity. And the great news is we have got a platform that allows us to dispatch efficiently into the Atlantic and the Pacific. And I think that’s one of the things that offtakers are excited about doing business with Sempra because of that.
Jeff Martin: Sure, Craig. I will pass that to Justin, and maybe you can provide some view in terms of how you are thinking about the loading order for development.
Jeff Martin: Well, this is Jeff speaking. I will provide a couple of comments, and Justin, feel free to weigh in. We think our view across the decade is very similar with what’s been put out by the EIA, which is forecasting 130% growth for U.S. LNG across the decade. The 80 million tons per annum that you referenced sounds about right, actually. I think actually the DOE might be forecasting slightly more than that. But remember, it’s not just American LNG, we are competing against other markets, whether it’s Australia or Qatar. There is certainly opportunities potentially at Mozambique. And remember, there are still volumes coming out of Russia, particularly on the North Coast as well as from South. And so, I think one of the things we have noticed is there is a tremendous demand for energy security and affordable sources of energy and natural gas has a very big runway internationally. We may see a decline here in the United States in different regions of the country, but it is a really big opportunity. I think the United States is viewed as a market that has security of supply, and we have got good counterparties and we have got good credit, and we have got deep capital markets. So, we are going to see the lion’s share of LNG across the globe will be coming from the United States across this decade.
Jeff Martin: Sure. Just by way of a brief close, we know there are several investor conferences underway today. So, we very much appreciate everyone making time to join us. If there are any follow-up questions, per custom, always reach out to our IR team with any additional questions. This concludes our call.
