Justin Bird: Thanks, Jeff. I'm excited to present the newly formed Sempra Infrastructure platform. We expect the formation of Sempra Infrastructure along with the financial strength of KKR to give us added scale to execute on a wide range of energy infrastructure opportunities across Sempra Infrastructure's 3 business lines. Since closing this transaction, a month ago, we're already seeing the benefits of combining the 2 organizations through financial synergies and commercial optimization. For example, we've been able to restock our capital structure to create meaningful cost savings. To capture new development opportunities, we've organized into three business lines, LNG and Net Zero Solutions, Energy Networks, and Clean Power.  We expect this structure will enhance growth and quality execution. This also strategically positions us to benefit from North America's continued trend toward the clean energy transition by optimizing the natural partnership between natural gas and renewables to help meet decarbonization goals here in North America and abroad. Energy infrastructure, as Jeff described at the top of today's call, is the focus of our development program.  Now, please turn to the next slide where I'll briefly discuss how we're advancing growth in each of our business lines. First at LNG and Net Zero Solutions, the LNG market has recovered quite dramatically as evidenced by the spot market with record high prices being seen in Europe and Asia and a recent uptick in long-term contracting activity around the world. With that constructive backdrop, our LNG development portfolio, is expected to benefit from the strategic advantage of being situated on both the Pacific and Gulf Coasts with direct access to both Asian and European markets.  As a reminder, ECA LNG Phase 1, was the only LNG export project in the world to take a final investment decision last year, which reinforces the competitive advantage of Brownfield sites, that can dispatch into the Atlantic and Pacific basins. Now looking forward, we remain focused on the construction of ECA LNG Phase 1, working with our partners to optimize Cameron LNG 's current operations, as well as the development of the Cameron LNG expansion. And finally, working on an exciting new Pacific opportunity in Topolobampo, Mexico called Vista Pacifico LNG. at ECA LNG Phase 1, engineering, equipment, fabrication, and site preparation are well underway.  The project is on time and on budget, and we continue to expect first LNG production by the end of 2024. At Cameron LNG, the current facility is running well and hit record production levels during the month of October. Together with our partners, we're developing a projected 7 million tons per annum expansion project benefiting from 1 million tons per annum of debottlenecking trains, 1, 2, 3. With innovations and train design coupled with the high performance of trains 1 through 3, we expect this to be a very competitive, capital-efficient expansion. In terms of next steps, we plan to move to feed early next year to file an amendment with FERC to build Train 4 with electric drives in order to reduce Scope 1 emissions, and to work closely with our partners as we advance toward FID. Lastly, Vista Pacifico LNG is a new development project located adjacent to our Topolobampo refined products terminal.  This new project is expected to be a mid-scale facility connected to two existing pipelines. One of them being the high-pressure pipeline system we own in Sonora. The project would source lower-cost natural gas from the Permian Basin for export to high demand Asian markets. At our Energy Networks in clean power businesses, I'd like to highlight two important projects. The expansion of the GROE pipeline and the expansion of our ESJ wind farm. The GROE expansion is a pipeline project in development that is expected to increase gas delivery capacity to the Baja Peninsula and play a critical role in supplying gas to the ECA LNG Phase 1 project. We continue to advance a series of our cross-border renewable projects that are expected to dispatch directly into California. Specifically, the ESJ Expansion, leverages the existing power transmission capacity that we own on the U.S. and Mexico border. We're the only Company that owns cross-border transmission lines that can connect into the California electric grid and that allow us to have a competitive advantage in helping the state meet its growing need for new renewable energy resources.  I'm excited about the team we put together and about the business we're building. It's a unique opportunity, where well situated to compete and we certainly expect to play a crucial role in investing in energy infrastructure right here in North America that supports the global energy transition. Please turn to the next slide, where I'll pass the call to Trevor, to review our financial results.
Justin Bird: Thanks, Jeff, and hi, Jeremy. Yeah, I think we've seen a dramatic improvement in the market, both on the spot market, and I think importantly, you're starting to see some of these long-term contracts come back. Also, importantly, we're seeing higher forward curves over the next few years for deliveries into Asia and Europe. And I'd say the final thing that we're seeing that I think is important is you're seeing China 's reentry into the long-term market.  We are seeing a real uptick in our discussions, both in Asia and Europe, and frankly, as well as South America. So, I think we're going to see some exciting things coming over LNG portfolio and we should benefit from this constructive market backdrop. Again, we think we have a competitive advantage, the ability to dispatch directly into Europe and Asia. And again, over the long term, it's nice to see that we still see demand for LNG growing mid to high single-digits, which supports our long-term very bullish view on LNG development.
Justin Bird: Thanks for that, Jeff. Thanks, Jeremy. Yes, we are seeing a lot of opportunities at both utilities. Jeff mentioned at the gas Company obviously, a lot of clean fuels opportunities around RNG and hydrogen. But you specifically asked about SDG&E. At SDG&E we're seeing a big push in the state, given what we've seen in the last couple of tight summers around more storage capacity, more generation capacity. I think SDG&E will have some filings in the next few weeks around more utility-owned battery storage.  I think you'll also see a lot more activity in the coming months and years around electric vehicles too. California has made a lot of bold commitments to move -- much more strongly toward electric vehicles. And, I think you'll see a lot of grid enhancements and good modifications in that area. But I'd also remind you that, climate resilience is a big thing here, and so continues to be a lot of wildfire mitigation opportunities to invest capital as well.
Justin Bird: Yes. Thank you. Thanks for the question, Michael. Yes. Vista Pacifico would effectively source gas from the Permian from the U.S. basin and deliver it in the form of LNG to Asia. There are two existing pipelines that basically converged very close to the site, so there would be a very small spur type pipeline that we would build that we connect to PacificO2 existing pipelines, both of which are underutilized on a transmission capacity basis. So, I think very little pipeline construction associated with this. This is part of the strategic location of the project is its proximity to pipelines and the fact that 2 of those pipelines are very underutilized.
Justin Bird: I think there is another existing development project that is north that is trying to get some capacity from one of those pipelines.
Justin Bird: Yes. It's a great point, Craig and I think you even saw Cheniere's deal today, had a lead into the bigger capacity coming at the long term. So, I would say, I wish I had capacity I could sell right now to bridge some of the construction on these other projects. Because I do think it is a competitive advantage. The market is very hot right now, and people are looking for volumes in the next few years. I think for us, it's a question of maintaining our financial discipline, potentially looking for partners where we can provide some bridge volumes into volumes coming from our facilities.  And then looking for potential excess volumes that could be available via the partners out of Cameron or when ECA Phase 1 comes online looking for some additional volumes as production actually starts and we see what production looks like. Yes, I think you raise a great point having volumes to bridge into these long-term contracts, I would say is a competitive advantage and it's something that we're focused on and looking for opportunities to find those types of bridging arrangements.
Jeff Martin: Yeah, appreciate having the opportunity to answer that question. I'll pass it to Justin here momentarily, but I would just start by saying, in the LNG trade, the spot market's roughly 30% of the overall market. We think the market backdrop is quite constructive. We've been fairly bullish on LNG, as many of you know, for quite a long period of time. And I would say that we're quite optimistic based upon the level and nature of our current conversations with counter parties. But let me just pass it to Justin. Maybe you can give an overview of what you're seeing in the marketplace, Justin.
Jeff Martin: I'll give you a couple of fault. We're actually quite constructive on California. A couple of things I'd mentioned, as you may have seen the decision yesterday, where the PSC approved increasing the capacity utilization at Aliso Canyon, like they increased it from roughly 34 Bcf to 41 Bcf. And I would tell you, we're certainly committed to supporting a much cleaner economy in California. But the expectations today, Jeremy, is that traditionally, California uses roughly 39% to 41% of natural gas for its electricity production in the winter time because of low hydro levels.  I think there's much more focus now on that being closer to 45%. We could see record utilization of natural gas here in California in the winter and I think the PUC decision reflects that. More broadly both SoCalGas and SDG&E have made a commitment to be a leader in the clean energy transition, and this is going to inform not only our current investments, but how we're stacking capital investments going into the GRC next year. And Kevin, maybe you can talk about some of the things that you are seeing around battery storage and other things that could be near-term opportunities for SDG&E.
Jeff Martin: What I would probably say is, in this midstream space, we target mid-double-digit levered type of returns. We think those are consistent across all those. Interestingly, on the Clean Power side, you may recall that we've seen returns come in here in the U.S. That's one of the reasons we exited that business two or three years ago. In Mexico because of our border position and the access we have to two very important transmission lines that bring power into the U.S., we think we have a real competitive advantage in that region.  So, we expect relatively higher returns in which, you might find in renewables here in the U.S. So, I would stick to say an overall of Justin 's portfolio, is going to manage toward mid-double-digit equity returns. One other thing I'll mention too to the broader LNG story, Justin and I got back from a recent trip to Europe, where we visited Warsaw, and Dusseldorf, and Berlin, and Brussels, and other places. There's a tremendous amount of recognition in Europe about the role for natural gas and specifically LNG.  And there's certainly a new risk premium being assigned to pipeline gas. There's even discussions at the highest level of the EU about creating a strategic natural gas reserve. We've got a team on the ground next week in Asia. I think going back to the original point with Jeremy, there's a tremendous amount of conversations today. And I think this continues to reinforce our bullish case for LNG
Jeff Martin: Let me start a little bit more broadly. I think there's been a lot of interest as people have engaged with us over the last couple of months, about having better visibility into Sempra 's long-term growth rate. You've heard us talk about our track record in the past of growing this business. Whether it's a 10-year period or 20-year period, at an EPS growth rate of around 7% or 8%. I must tell you; we feel fairly confident in our ability to produce similar growth in the future, over 7 to 10-year period of time.  And part of that, is bolstered by this continued point that we make about the quality of the markets we're participating in, right? So, you've got the number 1 market in America is California. And the number 2 market is Texas. And I think Allen just has a remarkable story in Texas which keeps getting better. And to your point, we're going to have an opportunity to restack our capital program here in California.  It's part of our GRC filing next year. And I think you should expect to see us to make filing requests around many of the things that Allen's doing, which is around resiliency, modernization of the grid, and making sure we're making those investments today that ensure that our infrastructure is future ready for what we need in the future, such as hydrogen and other things on the system. So, we have a fairly clear pathway to grow the business in California, very similar to Texas. And I think one of the things you're seeing on today's call is a pretty bullish case by Justin about what we can do in the Sempra Infrastructure business as well.
Jeff Martin: So, I think, there were a couple of things I have to make sure I don't misunderstand your question. The difference between the 5-year strip from Oncor that we presented in June, which went through 2025, as compared to the new 5-year strip, which goes to 2026 is a difference of $2.8 billion. We also talked about the Analyst Day, the intra-period change in 2021 and 2022 from the prior year's period. So, I think that you've seen two things take place. Year-over-year, you've seen the 2021 and 2022 CapEx for our utilities increase. But since June of this year, you've seen Allen 's numbers increase by $2.8 billion. So hopefully that's helpful.
Jeff Martin: Yeah, Yes let me address that and hopefully, this will be helpful. So, a couple of points. The 5-year strip, going back to June has increased about $2.8 billion per Allen's organization, and Allen had an incremental bucket separate from that of $775 million to $1.275 billion, and that incremental bucket has been unchanged. And maybe Allen, it would be helpful if this is the right time to maybe do things for our -- 2 things, for our listening audience, Allen, talk a little bit about what's in your $15 billion CapEx plan. And separately, what's not in the plan related to future rulemaking and related to your incremental bucket, which I think is the nature of the question.
Jeff Martin: It is and I'll tell you the reason, there's so much enthusiasm from our team, as we've seen a $2.8 billion restack in that capital plan up to $15 billion since June. It has had no impact on the incremental bucket, which is still there as Allen described. And hasn't picked up yet some of the forward-looking opportunities around rulemaking in legislation. So, I think it's a very important story. And the last thing Allen, you might speak to is, the expected impact on rates.
Jeff Martin: I appreciate having the opportunity to answer that question. I think back in 2018, you may remember Stephen that, there was a lot of discussion around being in regulated businesses -- unregulated businesses. And I think, we took the opportunity to redefine an investment-class. That said, at the end of the day, these are all energy infrastructure investments. And how you make money may be different in the regulated framework versus outside of the regulated framework.  And we really went to ground this idea of being ahead of others in define in the markets where energy infrastructure would grow the most. I think in my opening remarks today, I tried to really emphasize the point that energy infrastructure's quite hot in Europe and Asia, and the U.S. I think there is really well-positioned and the infrastructure bill that you're referring to, is certainly strong confirmation bias of the importance of this to U.S. And there's really a tailwind for Sempra around this clean energy transition. So, 4 topics I think come out today's Bill, could pass as early as today out of the house. One of which is we're tracking the private activity bonds. These are ones that allow you to finance carbon sequestration and carp carbon storage devices.  We think that's important for the sector. The IEA says there will not be a net-zero 2050 without carbon sequestration. And that's one of the reason that Justin 's business is focusing on this opportunity. Second to your very point, green hydrogen is a big part of our country's future. We've made a decision to participate in all the appropriate trade associations. We've got something like 10 to 12 different R&D Projects in hydrogen today.  But specifically, in the legislation, the bill contemplates 4 regional hydrogen hubs in the country -- we think this will be important -- as you think about distribution centers. And one thing that people sometimes missed even as the number one manufacturing facility in the U.S., by a wide margin, is the LA Basin. And the number 1 industrial segment for the U.S. is the Gulf region between Texas and Louisiana.  So, both of these are areas that geographically we have a vested interest in, I think we've got a leadership interest in. So, I think hydrogen in both of those markets will be important. Two other quick points from today's Bill: 1. is the focus on wildfire management, we talk about this Stephen, a lot in California. It's obviously a western region issue, It's an issue today in Europe and Australia and Ukraine and in different parts of the world.  But the build does contemplate support for vegetation management and improving resiliency, which is a very important topic here in California. 2. there's a lot of focus in the bill and electric vehicles. Trevor and I participated in the strategy session with Allen's board last week in Texas, the electric vehicle market in Texas is enormous.  Today, there's about 30 thousand vehicles on Oncor system In comparison, we're 120th the size of Oncor System here at SDG&E and they've got 70,000 vehicles on our system. So, I think electric vehicles will be very, very important and the bill is very specific, about funding opportunities all across the country to promote electric vehicles. So, those are the 4, we're probably following most closely. But we do share your optimism around green hydrogen.
Jeff Martin: Yeah. One of the things I would start with saying is the priority of our capital program is our U.S. utilities. And what we want to do is be able to grow our utilities at a rate faster than our peers and do that without coming back to the capital markets to issue separate equity. And that's one of the reasons that the KKR transaction was so important. It gave us a chance to crystallize and highlight value in that business and recycle capital back into reducing parent debt and meeting to the capital needs like Allen described today but I would tell you, I don't think we're finished, right?  That business now has been valued at roughly an enterprise value of $25 billion, so, we think about going forward. We think there will be strategic opportunities to bring that business to the market, but those are conversations we would obviously have with KKR and to your point, if we have the chance to further diversify the capital structure at higher valuations, that's something you should look for us to do. And we will be looking under Faisel and Justin's leadership at bringing in project equity on some of these projects to reduce the call of capital from Sempra Infrastructure. But right now, they are very, very focused on growth, and there's a lot of enthusiasm, of what they think they can accomplish.
Jeff Martin: I would start with your second question, which is KKR has their own infrastructure presence in Mexico, both on the refined product side of the value chain, as well as with renewables. They are certainly collaborating with us constructively with CSE, so that's been helpful. I can make a couple of comments to Ryan that because of our headquarters be in here in San Diego. You'll recall that we've been investing pretty consistently down in Mexico for close to 25 years. And what excites us back then still excites us today is you've got about a 130 million consumers. It's one of the fastest-growing consumer markets in the Western Hemisphere.  And most importantly, is the largest synergy export partner for the U.S. at about 7 to 8 BCF per day. And I think even though we've got leading scale and expertise at Sempra Infrastructure, we're still very selective about the projects we expect to invest in. And even the Vista Pacifico project that Justin was describing, those capacity releases on some of these pipelines that, would be needed would come from the government. And this is really a government-sponsored project, and one that they've been quite public about supporting from a permit and pipeline capacity standpoint.  But curious you, I think is quite topical that, there are reform being proposed in electricity market. I think you'll expect to see the lower house vote on that, in the fourth quarter. But it would not clear the legislature until probably April of next year, and we handicap that, as a low probability. And what's interesting about this is, those reforms largely target to the point you made Ryan, generation assets that are connected to the CFE system. And today, we have a relatively small footprint in generation across all of Sempra because we're a T&D business.  I think the electric investments in Mexico account for roughly 1% of our consolidated earnings, and more importantly, the vast majority of all those projects, something like 80% are on the border with California are not connected to CFE and dispatch directly into the Cal ISO. But I will leave you with one thought which is probably the most important. We made the decision several years ago that what we really want to do is help President Lopez Abra be successful.  So, the majority of our conversations are focused on ways that we can partner with his cabinet to make Pemex be successful and make CFEB successful. So, when you see us announce projects like Vista Pacifica is because those will be done largely in tandem with the objectives of the government. That's one of the reasons we still feel good about those types of projects in Mexico.
Jeff Martin: So, I think there's 2 parts of that question. Number 1 is this issue of, how much inflation are we seeing in terms of, how we source our soft and hard costs at any of our projects, including our utilities. And we've got obviously some building mechanisms that help us with that on the utility side. In Justin's business, you recall that, we were very reliant on EPC wrap contracts, so the procurement and exposure to costs, we shift that risk to the construction contractor.  And that's why, it's important that they have strong credit counterparties. But in terms of Brownfield versus Greenfield, I think the way I would answer that, a very general levels to say, Brownfield projects always have a cost advantage, and Greenfield projects can be also quite viable. Typically, they B2B to be done at scale, and Port Arthur would be an example that, but coming back to our projects, think about this.  For us to have the opportunity to turnkey 6% to 7 Bcf -- I mean, 6 to 7 MTPA at Cameron expansion, Our view internally as it could be one of the lowest cost projects for new capacity in the world. So, our likelihood of going forward that we account as being relatively high and that's why we've got a 100% of MOUs in place to get to the next step and move to heads agreement from the SPAs there.  And then this to Vista Pacifica o, this is the type of price very similar to ecoPhase 1. Our expectation is it will be oversubscribed. That is a greenfield project but the geographic location to be able to have direct pipeline access from 2 different pipelines to Waha and to be able to dispatch directly into the Pacific, will be a tremendous and competitive advantage where we market that project.
Jeff Martin: It's such a great question and I hate to foreshadow that we're going to be sprinkling things throughout the year. But I'll give Allen great credit. It wasn't that they had an ongoing process just to update their plan. They were looking at issues in the market around inflation and how they supply chain issues in advance.  So, the real genesis of Allen updating Capex guidance was he came back to the boards so they can make forward purchases that allow them to keep their 2021 and 2022 capital plans in place. What they were doing is they are reaching forward to source what they needed to execute those capital plan. So, I think you would expect his team to do something very similar. Is there watching the marketplace if there's opportunities to adjust that they will.  And I think he made a great case for We didn't cannibalize that incremental bucket list. That's been replenished as we look going forward, I think that they will continue to look for opportunities to take price risk away from their capital program, and ensure that they can deliver the plan they have on the street today.
Jeff Martin: A couple of things here is the Topolobampo project will be very similar in scale to ECA Phase 1, kind of that 3 to 4 million-ton-per-annum size. It definitely can jump ahead of Port Arthur, so that's the answer to your first question. We certainly are quite bullish both on Cameron expansion, which is 6 to 7 MTPA, as well as the Vista Pacific project, which is closer to 4 million tons per annum.  In terms of equity, we're very comfortable with the level we're at today with KKR. Certainly, if we saw opportunities to diversify the capital structure at Sempra Infrastructure at points in the future at higher valuations, we would evaluate that against the opportunity to bring in equity down to project level. But definitely there's an interest to attract equity participation at the project level, given the size and scale of our expectations around LNG.
Jeff Martin: I just want to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. We're certainly pleased to join the EEIC, EEI Conference virtually next week. And we're looking forward to spending time with as many of you as possible. Thank you again for joining us. Feel free to reach out to our IR team per custom with any additional questions. This concludes today's call.
