Don Felsinger: Thanks. And again, thank you all for joining us. On today's call, I would like to accomplish several things. First review with you our first quarter financial results, then give you an operational update on our utilities and infrastructure businesses. Before I get into our financial results, I would like to spend a moment on the litigation settlement we announced last week. I realize that some of you may have been surprised by this but I strongly believe the settlement was the best solution to put to rest litigation that has gone on for nearly a decade and could have continued for years to come. I'll discuss the settlement in more detail later in the call. Now to the financial results. Earlier this morning we reported first quarter earnings of $106 million, or $0.42 per share, compared with $316 million, or $1.29 per share in the same period last year. The decrease in earnings was primarily due to $ 96 million or $0.38 per share impact of the litigation settlement and reduced results from the RBS Sempra Commodities joint venture. Earnings, excluding the settlement amount were $202 million or $0.81 per share. Due to the impact of the litigation settlements and assuming break-even performance at RBS Sempra Commodities, we now expect earnings of $3.15 to $3.40 per share in 2010. Now, let me hand it over to Mark so he can take you through some of the details of the financial results beginning with slide 4.
Don Felsinger: No, there is not. Let me ask Mark if he could maybe spend just a few minutes on the sales process in general.
Don Felsinger: Well, we just didn't make as much money as we had expected. There's nothing that – there was no major blowout or big problems. We just didn't see some of the opportunities that we had anticipated and we had some dropping prices during that period. But I think generally speaking, the rest of the business performed okay. But we also coupled it with the charge from the litigation and also with some higher retention and employee compensation costs that we instituted at the end of the quarter and those things affected the earnings negatively.
Don Felsinger: Well, it is still fairly weak. You look at the natural gas market in general, prices are pretty low, volatility is flat. But as we continue to talk to customers, the long-term desirability of having the ability to store natural gas is something that customers are still willing to contract for. We're not seeing the prices that we saw two or three years ago, but they're robust enough to give us comfort we can go ahead and develop.Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: As a matter of fact, this is kind of what we expect is going to happen, that LNG will flow to the market that pays the highest price for it and I think we're on the very early stages of seeing a global natural gas market where it will flow freely to the location that has the highest price.Lasan Johong – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: Each of our power plants – I think it's around every three years – goes through a major shut down for anywhere from a 40 to 60 day period where we tear everything apart and take a look at it. EDM was returning last month from one of these major overhauls and had just come up and was operating possibly less than a day when the earthquake hit and the earthquake had so much ground shaking that some ceramic insulators on top of one of the transformers cracked and that's the inexpensive but critical piece of equipment we're now in a process of fabricating.
Don Felsinger: But we have a long history of profitable quarters and this was one of only two or three that we've actually broke even or lost money.
Don Felsinger: Sure. It's primarily from increased interest cost because as we bring things online, we're no longer capitalizing interest and maybe I'll ask Joe if he can elaborate on any of the other pieces.
Don Felsinger: We have got 58 megawatts, 10 of which is in operation, and 48 being developed in Nevada around an existing site. And in some around Mesquite with the land position we have there, depending on what technology we use, we're thinking about 600 megawatts of photovoltaic. And then we have other land positions in Mexico that are primarily being held for wind development and we have some other wind projects that we're pursuing around the country. But around our existing sites, I would look at the 600 megawatts in Arizona and the 50 megawatts that we're building in Nevada as the primary opportunities.
Don Felsinger: The utility is buying a power plant and the footprint on which the power plant sits and the land around that belongs to Sempra Generation.
Don Felsinger: Well, Vedula, when we started this process and at the analyst conference, we have made the assumption that we would probably be in this business through year-end. Based upon the progress we've made with JPMorgan and the progress we're making in selling the second half, we are fairly comfortable now – and it's hard to control the timing – that we'll be out of this early in the second half of this year. When I say early, my expectation is by July or August we'll be out of this business. Now, I don't control that schedule. There are a lot of parties involved but we're working as hard as we can so that by the time we have this next call, we'll either be out or be close to being out. That will be in the July-August time frame.
Don Felsinger: We're looking here at the numbers. I'm not sure what it's burdened with right now in terms of other cost. But let us do this. Let us take a look and see if we can give you a more cogent answer and then maybe post it on our website?Becca Followill – Tudor Pickering Holt: That's great. Thank you.
Don Felsinger: The book value in North American trading is actually quite a bit less than that and it is sitting on a fair amount of cash, which we would expect to distribute. And so the total cash distribution would be probably a lot more than just the book value, because we would distribute the cash prior to sale.
Don Felsinger: Well, the JPMorgan transaction was 1.7 billion in total and our share of that was, I think it was like nine something and then after that, the remaining balance is the North American Power and Gas business. But the big difference there is the net book value is more in the 200 range to 250 range. We expect there's a fairly big cash distribution because we had a big cash build up for when we closed the deal with JPMorgan. It will pay off the inter company loans, and so that's why we expect our total proceeds be to around 2 billion.
Don Felsinger: The answer is yes.Craig Shere – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay, great. That makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Don Felsinger: Yeah, just take this as this was both kind of a start up issue on the other end of the LNG business, meaning the supplier, and I would not expect to see these reoccur.
Don Felsinger: Well, once again, thanks to all of you for joining our first quarter 2010 call. If you have any follow-on questions, as always, feel free to contact Steve, Glenn, or Scott. Thanks again. Have a great day.
Mark Snell: Thanks, Don. At San Diego gas and electric, earnings for the first quarter were $83 million, compared with earnings of $99 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was primarily due to $5 million of higher wildfire insurance premiums and a $3 million charge due to the elimination of a tax benefit that was associated with the recent passage of the healthcare bill. The first quarter of 2009 benefited $5 million from the favorable resolution of a litigation matter. During the first quarter, STG&E recorded a $107 million regulatory asset relating to reserves for wildfire claims that exceeded our $1.1 billion of insurance. We believe that STG&E will ultimately recover substantially all wildfire costs in excess of its insurance limits. There are codefendants in the litigation and other responsible parties that STG&E has a claim against. In addition, based on our regulatory experience, we believe STG&E will be able to recover substantially all wildfire related costs that exceed our coverage and are not recovered from other responsible parties. At Southern California gas, first quarter 2010 earnings were $65 million, up from $59 million in the first quarter of 2009. The increase was due to $9 million of higher margin, $3 million of higher regulatory awards and $2 million of lower bad debt expense. These benefits were offset by a $13 million charge due to the passage of the healthcare bill. Now let's go to slide 5. Our generation business recorded a loss of $53 million in the first quarter, compared with earnings of $43 million in the same quarter in 2009. The decrease for the quarter is primarily the result of an $84 million charge related to the energy crisis litigation settlement. The quarter was also impacted by $12 million of lower earnings from operations, primarily due to increased scheduled maintenance and associated downtime. Now, please move to slide 6. Sempra pipeline and storage recorded earnings of $38 million in the first quarter of 2010, up from earnings of $37 million in the same quarter of 2009. The quarter benefited from $6 million of higher earnings from foreign currency exchange rate effects, offset by $4 million of lower earnings from its storage operations. Now turn to slide 7. Sempra LNG had earnings of $32 million in the first quarter of 2010, compared with a loss of $7 million in the prior year's period. The increase for the quarter was primarily due to the start up of marketing and terminal operations. We also benefited in the quarter from $11 million of payments related to non delivery of cargoes and from $7 million of mark to market earnings. Let's move to slide 8. Sempra Commodities recorded a loss of $5 million in the first quarter of 2010, compared to earnings of $114 million in the last year's first quarter. The loss was due primarily to reduced margins in oil in European natural gas marketing, as well as higher costs for employer retention and a $12 million charge related to the energy crisis litigation settlement. Just in the last few days, we received $197 million cash distribution from the joint venture related to 2009 earnings. This distribution will be reflected in our second quarter results. Now let's move to slide 9. This slide provides a summary of our business unit results. I would like to highlight our results at Parent & Other where we recorded a loss of $54 million in the first quarter, compared with a loss of $29 million in the same quarter in 2009. The increase in loss is primarily due to the impact of $17 million of higher Mexican taxes. The quarter was also impacted by a higher consolidated tax adjustment and additional interest expense. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Don who will begin with slide 10.
Mark Snell: Well, Faisel, you're absolutely correct in that, that it is a fixed premium to book value and we did have some small losses on those businesses. But they really didn't impact – they were really minor impacts on the book value and it really doesn't change our expectation of proceeds.
Mark Snell: No, that's right. They all affected the tax line, both of them. It basically is a tax benefit that most companies had recorded that was eliminated as part of this package and, it affected us as it did just about everybody else.
Mark Snell: Yes, that's actually a reversal of earlier losses. So it is the reverse of something that happened several months ago.
Mark Snell: No, I think you may have misunderstood. All I was saying was is that there was an expectation of getting our distribution by this call and we did get it just prior to the call, $196 million. But it's a cash flow only item. It doesn't have any effect on earnings.
Mark Snell: Yeah, our expectation and what we've been signaling is about tangible book but there is a possibility for us to get more than that. Especially on parts of the business, we're seeing some pretty robust bids. But we really can't say anything until we actually announce something.
Mark Snell: And Becca, if you're still there, we have found a sheet that has the numbers on it. Let me have Neal walk you through what our existing storage business has for earnings this year and then in the out years.
