Jeffrey Walker Martin: Thanks a lot, Debbie. First, regarding the cost of capital, we remain constructive on the settlement and believe it's in the best interest of all parties. We continue to expect that the settlement or something in a substantially similar form will be approved. Second, we're focused on executing the capital plan that we laid out at our conference by advancing major projects, in particular Cameron's Trains 1 through 3 in the marine pipeline. We've also made near-term progress on several other projects. At SDG&E, we signed five new contracts for battery storage facilities totaling 83.5 megawatt, 70 megawatt of which will be directly owned by SDG&E. SDG&E also placed one of the largest lithium-ion battery systems in the world into service in the first quarter. Many of you had the opportunity to visit SDG&E during the conference to hear about this and how it supports California's electrification efforts, as well as furthering the state's policy goal by reducing carbon emission. IEnova expects to complete three natural gas pipelines by the end of the second quarter. This also represents a combined investment of close to $900 million. Each project you recall is backed by 25-year U.S. dollar denominated contract with CFE. Third, we're also looking at new investment opportunities. Let me list a few examples. IEnova recently agreed to construct a solar facility with a 20-year PPA for 110 megawatts with an industrial steel company. This is the first bilateral agreement in Mexico under the new market for renewables where the off-taker is a private company. We anticipate there'll more opportunities like this. The Pima Solar facility is expected to cost roughly $115 million and be operational by the end of 2018. This project is also a great example of how we at Sempra leverage our experience across different growth platforms. The success we've demonstrated in the U.S. renewable business allows us to compete more effectively for projects just like this in Mexico. We also made CPUC filings for additional projects representing the potential for almost $500 million of new capital. To be clear, these projects were not included in the capital plan we outlined at the analyst conference. These projects include an expansion of SoCalGas' Master Meter program for Mobile Home Parks and SDG&E's proposal to replace its Customer Information System. Now, please turn to the next slide. Our first quarter financial results was the strongest first quarter performance Sempra has experienced since it was formed. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $441 million or $1.75 per share. This compares favorably to first quarter 2016 earnings of $353 million or $1.40 per share. On an adjusted basis, we reported earnings of $438 million or $1.74 per share. Again, this compares to first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings of $404 million or $1.60 per share. You'll also recall that we adopted the new accounting standard on stock-based compensation in the third quarter of last year. This was applied retroactively to the first quarter of 2016, and accordingly increased earnings by $34 million in that period. Now, let's turn to slide 7 to discuss the key factors impacting our result. Our higher quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were driven by strong operating results, including $18 million of higher operating earnings from SDG&E in South America; $21 million of higher earnings at our California Utilities, this is largely as a result of the delay of the 2016 GRC file decision, these earnings were recorded in the second quarter of 2016; plus $29 million of higher earnings at Sempra Mexico related to the GdC and Ventika acquisitions, and higher AFUDC earnings. Also improving earnings this year were $14 million of higher tax benefit and lower interest cost at Parent. These items were partially offset by $34 million of tax benefits in 2016 compared to $3 million of tax expense in 2017 associated with share-based compensation. And at Sempra Mexico, $25 million of lower earnings from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily from current quarter losses. If you will, I'd like to spend a moment on foreign currency. You'll recall that our current hedging strategy limits our FX-related exposure on U.S. dollar debt in Mexico. While we expect some inter-quarter volatility from time to time, our hedging strategy over the full year is designed to reduce or eliminate expenses related to this exposure. You'll also recall that there are other FX exposures that impact earnings, but not cash flow. These occur in Mexico and South America and we do not hedge these additional costs. These exposures have historically largely offset over a full year when the currency's movement (08:50). You'll find additional details on FX in the appendix. And with that, we'll conclude with our prepared comment and start to take any additional questions that you might have.
Jeffrey Walker Martin: Good afternoon, Julien. On the $26 million improvement, roughly $15 million of that is from mark-to-market losses in the quarter last year. And as Debbie indicated, obviously, the natural gas prices have improved just over $1. I would also mention that at the end of this year you'll think about the ENI contract will be rolling off. And I think if I was to guide you in terms of how we think about the year, this segment we showed you at the analyst conference would report roughly $40 million to $50 million of negative results for the year, and we still think that's the best way to think about it.
Jeffrey Walker Martin: I think that you'll recall that the – ENI was one of the original contracting parties at Cameron, and that contract is rolling off within the year. And what we're really basically saying is, next year, you will not have the benefit of that contract.
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to have Steve Davis talk a little bit about that. But just to remind everyone, this is an all-party settlement. There were no comments filed against the settlement during the proceeding. The settlement included both ORA and a major consumer group in the state, TURN, as well as the three utilities as part of that. And we have been having meetings, ex parte meetings with Commissioner with all of those five parties present in those meetings to reinforce the settlement. And so, we had a meeting last night. We have more scheduled today, and I will turn it over to Steve to add any more color.
Debra L. Reed: There has been no real indication, but what I will say from my 30 – almost 40 years of experience is that when you have new Commissioners coming in for a major decision for the first time on that, oftentimes they want to take a little bit more time until they understand the issues. And that it's usually the assigned Commissioner would allow for that to happen. So, we're not reading anything more into it that there's like any major concern. And we're not getting indications of major concerns in the meetings that we had so far.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. I mean, this has been part of what we've told you all along that we want to remind you that that – because we start – I mean, it's a good thing – because we start the testing of the first train in the beginning of next year, we cannot have export going on at the same time as import. And so, that contract has to stop so that we can begin the testing of the trains for the export. And that impacts us financially later this year, and the beginning of next year, always have been incorporated into our base plans.
Debra L. Reed: Yeah. It's a – if your question is, does that reduces sensitivity to gas prices, no, because it's really not dependent upon gas prices. The gas price sensitivity is really tied to the ECA plant and attained good (19:55) contract at the ECA plant, plus any gas in storage and have volatility during the course of the year.
Debra L. Reed: I mean, we have talked to you all about what we saw as the advantages of the U.S. project, over these projects with dedicated supply sources because of the supply it dries up or that there's a problem of getting that supply to market. And in the U.S. market, you don't have one dedicated supply source for the gas. And you also have the ability to sell off the gas at liquid points in the U.S. if you don't want to take the gas. I actually think that what's happening in Australia and in some of these other locations where the supply source starts to get more constrained makes it way better for the U.S. in terms of marketing our projects. And so that's the opportunity that we see right now. And I think Woodside's seen the similar view, they've been very excited about our Port Arthur project from the beginning. And I think, being an Australian company, they see the benefit of that as well.
Debra L. Reed: I'm going to have Joe – because we just read the news report and we checked into it. It's not our project and we have controls in our project that should allow us not to have this kind of a situation occur. Joe, do you have any...
Debra L. Reed: Well, thanks again, for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to contact our IR team. Have a great day.
Steven D. Davis: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. I would just add that we continue to believe the settlement or something substantially similar will be approved by the Commission in a timely basis. And we will continue to have further discussions with parties this week and we're hopeful of having a timely decision.
Steven D. Davis: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Julien, as you know, we talked a little bit about this at the analyst conference, and we obviously know a lot about the project. And as Debbie had mentioned, we are having discussions with the government. And to the extent that it fits our risk profile, we'll take another look at it and we expect something to happen either later this year or the first part of next year.
Steven D. Davis: Sure, Debbie. Hi, Michael. As I had mentioned at the analyst conference and that looking at some of the incremental capital opportunities, they were both highlighted and we talked about quarter two filings of which we made a filing on the 28th and then one just on Friday for the Master Meter project. So, both are in alignment with what our plan is. The CapEx associated with the SDG&E Customer Information System is about $250 million and that the gas company for the Mobile Home Park, it's about a $270 million capital project. So, both are solid projects and we look forward to timely approval of those going forward.
Steven D. Davis: Well, the good news is we've had two very successful pilot projects at both SDG&E and the gas company. So, the Commission is very well aware of our track record, and so we think we will get a timely decision likely in into 2018 and we would begin immediately after the approval.
Joseph A. Householder: Thanks, Debbie. Hi, Steve. Yeah. Debbie mentioned, I did speak with Phil Asherman over the weekend in preparation for this call, as I normally do now. And there is no change in the dates that they gave us and we gave you last fall. And I think it's important to emphasize what Debbie did, the commitment of each of our partners, and as you know, our customers, to get the project finished and into operation is completely there. We have joint venture board meetings regularly. We're all going to go out and see the sites next month when we have our meeting. And everybody is engaged in getting this important project done.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. There's really no update from what I gave at the Analyst Day. I continue to believe and I'm confident that we'll find a common path here to a solution, but as I mentioned, it's complex, and we have to negotiate all these things, and it requires unanimous consent as I mentioned. So, I don't have a particular date of when we're going to get it done, but it's clearly one of my priorities, and I'm focused on it, and I'm actively working on it with my team and with the partners.
Joseph A. Householder: Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Michael. I obviously read that as well and I think you can read it a number of different ways. I think what he was saying wasn't different from what my discussion with Phil was because I've been in a number of conversations with Pat and I think they believe that they are in the schedule that they gave us. So, I think he was just commenting altogether, he basically said all the trains are moving toward getting into operation in the second part of the year, which is very consistent with what we said.
Joseph A. Householder: Sure. Hi, Paul. I guess I would say it this way, I think that the long-term users of LNG both in Asia and Europe are looking for long-term solutions and reliability. And so they want to make sure that they're going to a source where they can see that over a long term. And I can say that the meetings that we had together with Woodside where we were jointly marketing the Port Arthur facility went very well and there's quite a lot of interest in that facility. And I think that what's going on in Australia it just shows that not necessarily getting these things done means that always that that's going to be available or available for a longer period of time. So, I'm not sure it's going to have an immediate effect, but it starts to show that the end users are seriously starting to contemplate the need to go FID pretty soon, if not this year, next year or into the next year so that they can make sure that they meet the needs that they have, and don't get in trouble if something like that were to become more serious. And so, I think that having Woodside along with us has been very good for the project and for us. So, we look forward to trying to get these things signed up.
Joseph A. Householder: Yeah. Thanks, Debbie. So, I think as she just said, we saw this article this morning and didn't – we haven't heard that, so that didn't sound like it was us. I checked. It wasn't us, it wasn't CC JV, and it wasn't their contractors, and we have controls in place around that. Also, you heard on the call yesterday, Phil mentioned that they were employing a great number of people, and they have a huge roster of people that they go to to bring people onsite. And they haven't really had problems bringing people onto the site. So, I think their controls are very sound, and we haven't seen this problem. Obviously, one of the reasons that we hired this consortium of contractors to work on this project was they have a large resource of people to go to, to bring to the site, and very much though in Louisiana.
Joseph A. Householder: We have not, actually, Paul, and we do talk about this when we meet with the contractors. And they seem to have ready access to labor and have not brought this up as an issue.
