Jeff Martin: Thanks a lot, Faisel. I'd like to thank everyone who attended our Investor Day here in San Diego. We appreciated having the opportunity to provide a comprehensive update on our strategy and capital plans and enjoyed taking many of you to visit our LNG facility in Baja, California, as well as SDG&E where we highlighted our wildfire mitigation program and showcased our other California utility assets. We hope you came away from our conference with the following: First, we have a sharper strategic focus, second, we've improved our capital discipline and third, we are investing in a high performance culture. Since our Investor Day, we held our internal top 300 leadership meeting, leaders across our company came together here in San Diego to discuss steps we're taking to better align our 20,000 employees to directly support our strategic mission of becoming North America's premier energy infrastructure company. There was a great sense of energy amongst the team as we set our course for the next year and beyond. From an execution standpoint, we continue to make progress on our goals. Just last month, we completed the sale of our wind assets, which bring the total cash proceeds from our renewable to midstream divestitures to approximately $2.5 billion. Well above market expectations. Next our focus is on successfully completing the planned sale of our South American businesses, which we're targeting to close around the end of this year. Proceeds from our asset sales will be used to advance our strategic mission by funding growth while also strengthening our balance sheet by paying down parent debt. Now, looking forward, Sempra is well-positioned, our business is at the intersection of two key trends that are transforming the energy markets, the transition towards cleaner energy, which is happening market-by-market, and the US's growing dominance in the global energy markets. We expect our assets to play a key role in furthering both of these trends, which in turn should create jobs both in the United States and Mexico, bolster the economies of both countries and drive future value creation for our shareholders. Before handing off the call to Joe, I'd also like to highlight that we're affirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range as well as our 2020 EPS guidance range. Please turn to the next slide, where Joe will discuss how we're executing on our operational goals.
Jeff Martin: Well, thanks for that question, Greg. And obviously I think there is a number of big levers in front of us for 2019. And you can probably list a lot of these. But obviously we are quite focused on getting our GRC approved for both SoCal Gas and SDG&E. You will recall that the year one step up in our filed request for SoCal Gas was closed to a 20% step up and a 10% step up in the attrition for SDG&E. And then in the outer years, SDG&E is roughly 5% to 6% ad SoCal Gas is in 6% to 7%. So, the outcome of the GRC is important both for 2019 and 2020. And I will remind you that in the recorded results for Q1, we held there are no additional attrition revenues above what we guided in 2018. So that should lead to some form of understatement for Q1. Second, you will recall that we have got our FERC ROE pending. I think we requested 11.2% at several hundred basis points above where we are currently at. The expected effective date for that FERC decision independent of when it's going to be ruled upon is the 1st of June, 2019. And then obviously the cost of capital proceeding at the PUC is really, really foundational to what we are trying to accomplish. And in our base plan we have requested a 10.9% number 4 SDG&E. You have followed us enough you will recall in the '08 to 2012 timeframe it was slightly higher than that. I think it was 11.1%. So we think that's adequate, and you did note that we have a 3.4% ADAR [ph] relative to whether the reforms that we are expect in the summer are adequately put in place. The same number for SoCal Gas is a 10.7% ROE. So, in general there is going to some moving pieces in '19. But our ability to execute well around those regulatory initiatives will have a big impact on 2020.
Jeff Martin: Yes. It's a very thoughtful question. Let me try and do this. I will give you a couple contextual comments first. And then I will talk about some of the levers that could be put in play that will bridge buffer that you referred to. First off, we probably will stop short of forecast and the outcome. But I can say across our management team, we have growing optimism that will get some things done this summer that will be adequate. First off, I commented on this on the Q4 call, the Governor Newsome [indiscernible] strong leadership. And I think one of the things I try to focus on, Greg, is up and down the state all the right people that you would expect to be at the table are highly engaged which I think is promising. Secondly, you referenced the strike force report. But it does lay out a roadmap for preventing future wildfires in the future. And this is the point you made a comment on SDG&E. We have been a leader in this regard. We have been recognized nationally. So I think that it gives us some credibility to be at the table. And then thirdly, the commission that was established under SD-901, as this report due to legislature on July 1, I think that will be an important thing for all the investor on utilities and investors to track. But there are three key working groups out of that commission now focused on utility cost for coverage standards, wildfire funding mechanisms and insurance supportability. And the heart of your questions goes to this issue of wildfire funding mechanism. And I would say this first off we think it's a good idea to have this type of fund in place. I think it provides confidence to the market. It protects the utility balance sheet. And just as importantly, it gives people who have incurred damages, Greg, access to liquidity which I think inspires some confidence in the marketplace. But the mechanism by which that funding level is met and the funding level is determined continues to be play. I don't want to speculate too much except to say that I know that the reduction of the subrogation rights of insurers that provide wildfire insurance to consumers is actively under consideration. Also note that there is a variety things in the existing rate making formula in California such as the Department of Water Resources bonds which are rolling off here in the short term. So, there is going to be some headroom in existing rates relative to how we might raise those dollars. And like you, we have also heard some of the discussions around potential equity contributions. It's probably quite frankly too early to speculate on that, except to say that we are certainly a significantly small fraction of the state in terms of exposure. We have invested $1.5 billion to date in hardening our backcountry, and our vegetation management programs, we spent another $300 billion. So, around fire science, our risk fuel content in the backcountry, it's something like that came to the floor. We certainly think that any contributions from us should recognize the points that you made, which we're in a materially different situation.
Jeff Martin: Yes, what we usually look for is that she usually four to six weeks after you get first LNG, it gets a substantial completion as well as earnings.
Jeff Martin: Well, I think in my prepared remarks, we talked about the fact that there's really no change. I mean, frankly, you go back to the analyst conference, and we were looking at different contingencies for the year, we build in the expectations of a potential delay like this but 2021 I think, to your point, Steve is still when we expect full run rate earnings. And you recall that at our Investor Day, we raised our expectations around that to $400 million to $450 million.
Jeff Martin: Well, we're actually entertaining some of the key stakeholders in Sacramento here in San Diego later this week actually have a group of senior folks and administration tour in our wildfire science center at SDG&E, which we think is positive. All the right conversations are being ahead, we certainly thank Tony Atkins, who's from San Diego, has a very important role to play in the Senate. The governor's got the right folks on it. Guggenheim is our independent financial advisor. They've been meeting with all the credit rating agencies. In fact, some of the agency has actually been out to Sacramento. So we think to your original point, all the right folks are at the table, I continue to be very keyed off of this July 1st date, which is the date that the Blue Ribbon Panel is supposed to make the report to the legislature, which I think is important. And then obviously, there has been a commitment to try to get a bill that is comprehensive to the legislature, the middle of July, which I think is a second data point to follow. But look, I go back to the point Steve but this is the fifth largest economy in the world, we have had a premium regulatory climate here for several decades, I think there is growing recognition in all of my conversations, that they understand the value of having A rated balance sheets from the investor on utilities. I think that, we remain optimistic, we'll get something done.
Jeff Martin: Let me take that, Julien, I think look for all of you the most important thing to recognize is this project is days away from beginning to produce LNG and start delivering it to our customers. And Cameron LNG and the EPC contractor have common goals in getting this world class project completed safely and reliable. And I want to kind of remind you all that simple risk managers' project and the imminent startup is very exciting for a few reasons. One, we were very low-cost world-class LNG project that has created substantial value for the shareholders to this high return asset that we have, it's a very high return asset, it's going to begin producing earnings very soon. Cameron LNG, the business is very strong, we have strong partners, we have strong contracts and that supports our long-term cash flows from this business. So remember we put in our old project, we're going to get like $12 billion of cash flows out of this thing. And there have been ongoing discussions with the contractor over the last year or so. They continue to move things a little to the right. You can see in McDermott's materials that they just have, they're going to end between the two of them about $1 billion to finish this thing. And so they they'd like to get some help but we would like to make sure we get the project done. We want to get it done. We want to get it done as soon as possible. Everybody's focused on it, what we're really excited about is we're starting up right now. And that's about all I can say right now.
Jeff Martin: Thank you. The current sales process is being handled by Trevor's our CFO and I'll let Trevor address the next milestone.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question, Michael, and I'll give some color commentary maybe Joe can add into it, but I think that the one that has the lead advantage currently is we currently have three Heads of agreement at ECA Phase 1 are fully contracted and all three of those are moving toward having SDAs in place. So just in terms of documentation that is further along in terms of being 100% contracted and moving toward more definitive agreement. I would also say that Cameron expansion is something we remain optimistic about. You recall that when Total stepped into RNG's position they made it very clear to their shareholders that one of the attractive aspects of being in the original Cameron partnership was they were committed and interested in seeing the expansion go forward which you may recall is something we were trying to do several years earlier. So, I think you've got line of sight to the three participants in the expansion and we continue to have a lot of positive work being done there to make sure that the underlying economic support that. And then obviously at Port Arthur, we've got 2 million tons per annum accounted for with our partner from Poland. We're continuing to have a lot of very positive conversations around Port Arthur and we think that is a remarkable site for a number of reasons. So I think in general, one of the things you'll recall that we did was we did a bottoms up strategic review of our LNG business over the last 12 months and came away with a view Michael that not only is it a core business to Sempra and Sempra can continue to add value in terms of balance sheet and expertise, we really raised our ambitions about what we thought we could accomplish. So we're actually feeling quite constructive on all three of those projects.
Jeff Martin: I would say that we've gone back and revisited our underlying economics and we feel equally good about how we underwrote that transaction before maybe 30 or 40 days of slippage in and out of where we expect to close it, we feel great about the transaction frankly. The type of growth that we outlined at the Investor Conference, Michael you recall really had a lot to do with that Sempra in West Texas opportunity and the InfraREIT transaction actually lays into that growth probably even better than we originally thought when we underwrote the deal.
Jeff Martin: I don't know if we'll go into kind of how we think about nominations Ryan but I think that we do take questions from time to time about whether we see the overall contract and model change and based upon our current conversations in the marketplace, Joe's been on the road, I'm on the road, Carlos Reese. We've got our entire management team been in over to make sure we're talking to the right folks. We still see this as a long-term contract in business and our goal is a first step as we move toward FID is making sure that we have high quality customers contracted for 20 years with very, very strong balance sheets. And remember we're really on the infrastructure side of business, right. So we want to play in exact same role or very similar to what we're doing in Cameron which is a telling model.
Jeff Martin: Yes, you raised a great point, we've got the non-FDA approval to export from the United States to Mexico and then to also export from Mexico abroad as issued by the Department of Energy. We also in this year got our Port Arthur approval from FERC. I'll let Joe comment on what other permits we have in Mexico and whether is there any other we're still pursuing.
Jeff Martin: Thank you for that question. I think as we went through our strategic review or LNG business over the last six to eight months, we've also been looking as we move toward an FID decision at ECA Phase 1 later this year and hopefully an FID decision around Port Arthur in Q1 of next year. One of the things we're looking at is how we finance these projects and the potential impacts to our balance sheet. But John a great point, as you saw in the Cameron facility Phase 1 Joe articulated this earlier our three partners are each and just over 16% participation. We think it's a great model to align the interests of partners around these large capital projects. And to your point we expect that will be a model, you'll continue to see us replicate going forward. I would say if you went up to a million feet and looked across the portfolio over LNG projects, we'd like to be in that 60% to 70% range of equity ownership in our projects.
Jeff Martin: Well, I mean we have spent a lot of time with our credit rating agencies and obviously they're very focused on the process. We've described on this call around making sure that the legislative and regulatory model moves back to standard utility practice and procedure rights. You always expect to have your reasonable costs returned plus an additional return on what's on your investments. I think that's what broke as you recall with the misapplication of the inverse combination model is, there has been a leakage of utilities ability to recover all the costs that they've incurred. So I think it's really a multipart effort, you've got to get back to the right regulatory regime that allows for the type of funding mechanisms to meet the liquidity requirements, you've got to get a improvement to the regulatory model and you've got to make sure that your return on equity reflects the risk in the marketplace. Now oftentimes said that your return on equity is intended to be a proxy for the regulatory financial and operator risk that you see in the marketplace and that's why we filed our updated ROE requests as we have.
Jeff Martin: I want to thank everyone for taking the time to join us on the call today. I would say as we've had conversations with our management team, we actually have a lot of exciting things that we're working on right now and look forward to seeing many of you on the road in the next couple of months and per custom. If you have any follow-up questions, feel free to contact Faisel and the IR team. Have a great day.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Jeff. Before touching on some of the legislative discussions happening in California on wildfire risk, I'd like to mention that last week the CPUC issued a favorable proposed decision on SDG&E's wildfire mitigation plan, enabling us to continue to improve our industry leading program. Now, on the legislative front, we're pleased with Governor Newsome and the strike force's leadership and their proposals. The most important aspects are mitigating the threat of wildfires through measures such as increased vegetation management, advancing emergency response to minimize damage if an event occurs, and defining proposals that can help ensure healthy utilities to achieve California's greenhouse gas reduction goals. We believe the strike force's recent recommendations of a liquidity fund, a wildfire fund, and changes to inverse condemnation help narrow the focus of the Blue Ribbon Commission. We're actively engaged to help ensure that our customers and our shareholders' interests are addressed and that our existing wildfire mitigation efforts are recognized. We're optimistic that effective legislative solutions could be introduced and approved this summer. Although positive headway is being made the current regulatory environment and threat of wildfires in this state are factors we must take into account in our regulatory filings including that cost of capital proceeding. Please turn to slide six. This CPUC cost of capital proceeding is very important to our two utilities, because our currently authorized return on equity numbers were last updated in July of 2017, and were the result of a two-year extension from our cost of capital proceeding approved in 2013. A lot has happened since 2017, and even more so since 2013. Over this time period, in California, customer needs, state mandates, energy goals, the environment, the regulatory construct, have all changed considerably. They've had a corresponding and material impact on the risk profile of California investor-owned utilities.
Joe Householder: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Hi, Steve. I think you have to consider a few things when you think about it. First each rate case filing is very different, they have different assigned commissioners, different staff, different ALJs, we've already talked about the ramp, I don't need to repeat that, but our filing incorporates safety and reliability spending as directed by the PUC a large component of the filing for SDG&E was including additional wildfire mitigation efforts that include accelerating the hardening increase vegetation management above and beyond what we have to do additional fire prevention technology. And if you look at the wildfire mitigation plan that we have, that was just approved, there's little additional capital in there because most of us already incorporated in this GRC ramp request, and if so, kind of the same thing. It's a continuation of integrity management for transmission, distribution, and storage. So we think we have a very thoughtful filing around safety, reliability, and most of all, importantly, affordability for our customers. So we think as Jeff said, they're apples and oranges.
Joe Householder: Look I think that we when I say we let me talk about Cameron LNG, Cameron LNG is a company, it's owned 50% by Sempra and 15.6% by the other three equity owners who are our customers. Cameron LNG has people on the ground at the site every day as they have since the start of the construction. And they oversee what's going on, their big engineering team looking at the forecast of the schedule. I can tell you that McDermott has since last year when they took over CB&I put a lot of focus and effort on this project and have gotten more deeply into the schedule and the cost over time as you've seen in their announcements. I think that David Dixon is very intent on getting this project done. He talks to all the partners as well as to Cameron LNG management. We have assessed it. We've had partners, engineers assess it. We've had our owners engineer assess it. We think the schedule is one that seems very reasonable but it's in the hands of the contractor which is Chiyoda and McDermott. So it's up to them to predict the schedule and the cost. We think that what's laid out there. We took that into account when we did our earnings guidance and that's I would say.
Joe Householder: Thanks, Joe. Hey, Ryan. Yes, really the major permit we got earlier about both the large scale and the mid scale site. And then as Jeff just mentioned the non-FDA, what we still need to get and we have applied for and we've done this before is we need our Mexican export permit. So that's underway. The other things are just small local permits around building the site but those come later in the process. But the only one that's more significant is this export from Mexico, we expect no problems with that.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Joe. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $441 million or $1.59 per share. This compares favorably to first quarter 2018 earnings of $347 million or $1.33 per share. On an adjusted basis, first quarter earnings were $534 million or $1.92 per share. This compares favorably to our first quarter 2018 adjusted earnings of $372 million or $1.43 per share. Please turn to slide 10, where I'll discuss the key drivers of our quarterly results. The variance in our first quarter 2019 adjusted earnings when compared to last year was affected by the following items, $79 million of higher equity earnings at the Sempra Texas utility segment resulting from the acquisition of our interest in Oncor in March of 2018. $35 million and $31 million at SoCalGas and SDG&E respectively related to the January 2019 CPUC decision allocating certain deferred income tax balances to shareholders. This benefit was included in our 2019 adjusted guidance. $23 million of higher earnings from South American operation including $15 million at Peru due to an increase in rates and lower cost of purchase power and $7 million of higher earnings combined from both utilities as a result of lower depreciation due to the assets classified as held for sale. $21 million in lower expense related to foreign currency and inflation effects net of foreign currency hedges in Mexico, and $15 million of higher earnings at Sempra LNG from our marketing operations primarily driven by changes in natural gas prices which was offset by $18 million of lower operational earnings at SDG&E comprised of $27 million of lower CPUC base operating margin in 2019 due to the delay in the 2019 GRC decision while absorbing higher operating costs. Offset by $9 million of higher earnings from electric transmission operations. And $25 million of higher cost related to increased net interest expense and mandatory convertible preferred stock dividend at parent driven by the Oncor acquisition. Please turn to slide 11. To recap, we continue to execute on our path to premier. Looking forward, our key priorities are executing on our $25 billion five-year base capital plan, optimizing our capital allocation with a focus on strengthening the balance sheet, advancing our LNG development opportunities and engaging with stakeholders in key regulatory and legislative proceedings at our U.S. utilities. We believe our strategic mission and disciplined capital allocation plan should help us reach our operational and financial goals well into the future. With that, we will conclude the prepared remarks and stop to take your questions.
Trevor Mihalik: Yes, let me just add on onto that. Hi, Julien. Look, I think that I'm going to go back up to a different level. We really applaud the work of the governor and his leadership and trying to address this. He clearly recognizes that healthy utility companies are a key component of us providing clean, safe, and reliable energy. And in order to have healthy utility companies, we have to have certainty of recovery, right? We have to, and that includes cost in operating our business and those incurred as a result of the application of inverse if we're operating the normal course. So his strike force is laid out a path for the Blue Ribbon Commission and the California Legislature to achieve that. We think that's the way and as Jeff said, we need the certainty. And if you were to look at our U.S. Supreme Court filing, it goes through all of this, right? we have to have certainty of recovery.
Trevor Mihalik: Thanks, Jeff. Yes, we're progressing well on schedule. We've seen robust interest across the board for these businesses and these are great businesses. Interest has been wide ranged from financial investors to sovereign and pension funds. So we're targeting first round bids by the end of the second quarter and then go into the second round and then we're still targeting close sometime around the end of the year.
Trevor Mihalik: No, I think we've got a pretty formalized process that we're working through and we're still adhering to the schedule that we laid out.
