Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Today, Jason’s and my comments will be consistent with the update we provided a few weeks ago. Let me start with the few high level thoughts. At an enterprise level, we continue to focus our efforts on three strategic priorities: optimizing our core businesses, investing for growth and innovation and deploying capital efficiently. We continue to believe the long-term targets we announced in November are appropriate and we remain on-track to meet our $750 million enterprise cost savings target by FY’23. Our Pharma business is performing as planned. We’ve seen volumes continue to improve sequentially and we’re encouraged by the growth we saw again in Q2. Looking ahead, we continue to expect Pharma to realize mid-single-digit growth in FY’22. In our Medical segment, we continue to experience unprecedented inflationary impacts and global supply chain constraints in our core U.S. medical and products distribution business. These impacts, combined with lower than expected offsets from pricing actions, will significantly impact medical segment profit consistent with our update a few weeks ago. While we believe these impacts are temporary, the timing of when they will be, remains difficult to predict. Consequently, we’re urgently working to mitigate the effect of these external macroeconomic challenges on our business. We’re seeing progress in other areas of the Medical segment, including our Lab business in growth areas and we recently extended several key acute care distribution customers. Looking ahead, I’ll elaborate on the actions we’re taking to drive performance, particularly for Medical, after Jason reviews our Q2 results and updated outlook.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, that's a great question. We've now put that out there. I will give you a couple of things. Obviously at the inflation goes away and as we said, we believe this 250, the 300 that the vast majority of that is temporary. So you can add that back to our margin rates as the biggest driver. Second of all, the second thing I would add is we said we want to drive mix. And what we mean by that is selling more of Cardinal Health branded products versus National brand. That's going to also drive our mix in a positive way. We're getting after expenses, that's going to drive our margins to for the segment. And we're growing our growth business, which do have higher margin. So all of our key initiatives not only will drive bottom line, but they all should drive margin rates up significantly. But at this point in time, we're not putting target margin rate out there that we're going after.
Mike Kaufmann: And as far as moving capacity to our North American operations, I would say a couple of things. Generally I wouldn’t say that we would expect much of a margin difference, if it was manufactured outside of North America versus manufactured here. That is not something I would say would be a margin driver, it's more about supply chain integrity, which is why we moved in there. So if there are disruptions in the future, we obviously then have certain key items closer here. So we've chosen as items that can be highly automated, make a lot of sense and freight is a big piece of it. So that we can still stay cost competitive. So again I want to say it's margined generating in and of itself. However by increasing the capacity on some of these items like we mentioned doubling our ability to manufacture our own gown, that does give us more ability to sell our own product which is we drive mix that would increase our overall margin rate.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Things I would add be helpful here is Jason mentioned as we expect some of the inflation impacts to start to hopefully come down some and that will give us a little bit of benefit in Q4. We also see our pricing actions ramping up some in Q4 too because we are continuing to implement additional pricing actions. We have some going into effect here very soon that have been agreed to. So we're working through those. So I would say that that would be a positive item going forward for us. Also as we mention, we are working on our commercial contracting strategies. And so, as we work through those contracts, our goal is to give us more flexibility. So that in the future if there is another instance like this, we are able to react a quicker and address our pricing and work with our partners in a very transparent and productive way because our customers are obviously some of the thing that we have to always have in the front of our mind but we do need some more flexibility in the business and we are working aggressively to work with the GPOs and our customers do that.
Mike Kaufmann: That's a great question. Yes, we're -- we are working aggressively on that. It's not just the individual customers, in fact it's just as important to be able to work with our GPO partners to allow us because you really have to coordinate between all three of them. So there's still absolutely work to do but we're seeing some positive signs from both the GPOs and the customers that understand the importance of having a strong supply chain and strong supply chain partners in medical distribution. That these are things that we're going to have to work together. Key things that we've learned to those discussions that we'll be helpful as one, our willingness to be transparent with them so that we understand as costs come up why are they going up and also when costs come down so that they know that you're not continuing to charge a high price when things have got better and we're very willing to work with them on this transparency piece which I think will help both parties understand the importance of what we need to do here from a pricing standpoint. So I would say early indications have been positive but still a lot of work to do as we work on changing our commercial strategies.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. And maybe I'll just take the opportunity to just talk about volumes in general because I think whether it’s pharma or medical, the general response is about the same. Within medical, while there has been certain level of choppiness over the last three to six months, largely it's been very consistent with our expectations. We indicated before we are back to near pre-COVID levels and this quarter was pretty consistent with our expectations. And sequentially, from the first quarter as well as the year-over-year, there were not many differences. And so, there's noise but the key is that state-by-state, geography-by-geography, different regions are impacted at different times to different extents but we're just not seeing big impact. That’s because our customers continue to do a wonderful job of providing great service to their patients and that's providing a better balance underneath the volume than what we saw earlier on in the pandemic. On the pharma side, we continued to talk in today's prepared remarks as well as a couple of weeks ago and just that we continue to see that widespread improvement back to pre-COVID levels and we have largely gone back to that point at the end of the second quarter and so we're just not seeing a lot of variability there as well.
Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Ali. I want to thank everybody for taking the time to be on the call today and for all of your questions. I like to conclude by reiterating that we are taking action to mitigate these inflationary impacts in supply chain constraints. And we're laser focused on driving improved performance across all of our businesses. So please stay safe and we'll speak with you again soon. Take care, everybody.
Jason Hollar: Sure. I'll definitely start here, it’s Jason, and then I'm sure Michael has some thoughts as well. But generally speaking, the vast majority of these costs that we've outlined are product-related cost or cost to get the products shipped to United States where our customers typically are. And as such, most of those costs are included in inventory and then expensed as they're sold. So that means that there would be a one to two-quarter delay in terms of when those costs begin to come down and when you would start to see that offset then in the P&L. And that's I think fairly typical for the - what we saw with PPE as well last year in terms of that type of cadence. Now there is some of this, a smaller portion is related to the volume impact of the supply chain constraints, so that's obviously going to be at the time that volume freeze up. There's a small part that the period cost, but it's much less significant. Again, the biggest buckets when you step back and think about the $250 million to $300 million, that's an aggregate that we're talking about, is that international freight is the biggest piece and it's very much inventoried as I just described. And then the second largest would be the general commodities we talked about, commodities like oil-based commodities like polypropylene, that is the big driver that again those would all be inventoried cost and then flowing through. As it relates to the overall impacts to the business, just using Q2 as the example from a year-over-year perspective, this overall aggregate impact of the inflation and net of pricing is the greatest driver of the year-over-year reduction. We did as a reminder have favorability last Q2 as it relates to the timing of PPE pricing cost. So it's a little bit of a headwind than on an absolute basis this quarter, but it's more significant, the comparison to the favorability of last year. And that's about $60 million in this quarter. So that's a relevant piece to the year-over-year impact. And then the final piece as you know, Cordis is running at roughly - last year was roughly $20 million a quarter. So the absence of that business as was divested is that last piece. So I think that gives you most of the key pieces.
Jason Hollar: Yes, again, this is Jason, I'll start. So to your point, it will potentially differ not only by type of cost, but also the magnitude of what we're talking about. So as it relates to first of all, just to the international freight, one thing to highlight is that that particular area of cost has remained at very elevated levels. So at this point, we're not seeing much of a change from where we have been. And so that's something that is a clear part of our pricing focus is to make sure we can get at least a good portion of that recovered. As it relates to some of the other commodities, they've been more volatile. We have seen some that have started to appear to come down that cost sort of looks like they may have plateaued and started to reduce others that have been choppier. And so that environment where the costs are moving around a lot, it is -- provides more challenges as it relates to getting that pricing more established. I think the key is, as you think about the cadence of what this impact is on a net basis, that $250 million to $300 million, we have already incurred about a $100 million of that year-to-date. That $150 million to $200 million that's remaining within our guidance, we see that peaking in the third quarter and that's a combination of not only the cost we expect to be at its highest and then as they start to come down and that takes that delay to get it actually flowing through our inventory to our P&L. That then will start to benefit us later in the year. But also that also the timing of when we would start to see from the pricing actions that we have already begun to start to come through. It is just the beginning, it's not offsetting enough of that. There's more activity that will need to still occur. But it all depends on exactly what that cadence is of cost and the key is that we remain very close to both the GPOs as well as our customers to manage through that on an item-by-item customer/customer basis to get to an answer then that will give us the right cadence exiting the year. With all that said I’ve given the one to two quarter lag even of if costs do come down and even if we have more success with the pricing we would expect there to be a carry over into fiscal ’23 there will be some impact [on result] of the year but we need to see the cadence of both the cost and the pricing before we can establish that more clearly.
Jason Hollar: There was some small differences in this latest update the tax rate was just bringing down the top end a little bit low and was not much with difference there. The interesting another change I highlighted was in part related to deferred comp and as reminder that just geography between interest and other as well corporate SG&A so, yes there was largely considered in our prior assumptions but as a lot of it is just geography anyway. So there's no material difference in those other updates.
Jason Hollar: Yes, I -- if I understood the question right, Jailendra, the I think I'd answer before I'll go and repeat that. So the 250 million to 300 million, 100 million was has already been incurred in the first half. I think about it as kind of a sequential step up, so Q2 was higher than Q1 and Q3 is expected to be higher than Q2. And then that's the period that peaks before it starts to come back down. So there is, it depends on that if we're talking sequential or year-over-year from a sequential perspective from Q2 to Q3 within the medical business. That is just the ongoing cost reductions that we would expect to be always in place that continue those initiatives we talked fairly consistently about are there. Within the other type of PPE impacts, like I said from a year-over-year perspective in the second quarter, it was $60 million headwind. There was a small headwind in an absolute basis in the second quarter that we think will be less in the third quarter. So it's a bit of an offset and not significant but generally speaking it's the inflationary impacts. So the most pronounced from a year-over-year as well as expected to be a little bit greater than in the third quarter.
Jason Hollar: And Jailendra, as you do your modeling for the balance of the year, just remember in the prior year we had the significant inventory charge in Q4 that would of course not be expected to replicate here this year.
