Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. A couple things. First of all, as far as FY 2019 goes, that was just some early guidance that we gave and we are not planning on updating that at this time. As we get through our work early in our Q3 and Q4 and when more appropriate, we'll come out with some further guidance and thoughts around FY 2019. As far as opportunities and risk in our FY 2018 guidance, I would start with the good news, first being is I don't see anything at this time that would be a huge mover in either direction, but I do see some things that I would probably say fit in the category of opportunities, risk and things that can maybe go either way. As far as the opportunities, I would say share count is in the opportunity. Some of the over-performance that we've seen in the Pharma segment in Q1 and part of that being our Specialty division, I could see that to continue throughout the year. And we're seeing some excellent performance in our post-acute solutions business and could continue to see that to possibly be an opportunity for the year. As far as risks go, I would say that our Cardinal brand products area has some risks, and that's really, to what I mentioned in my script, around the exam gloves. We are seeing some commodity and supply issues in that particular area, so that could be a little bit of a risk to the year. If our China exit happens sooner than we expected, as I mentioned, we said we have it in for the full year, if that were to get done and approved and exited before the end of the year, that could have a little downside risk. And then, of course, while we don't believe it from everything we're hearing, if the medical device tax were brought back, that could be a negative. And then the things that I would say could go either way, effective tax rate was favorable in Q1. We expect to see puts and takes all year. So we still feel comfortable with our full year guidance, but that could always go a little bit either direction. The Pharma pricing around generic ASP deflation, that could be a positive or maybe, if it gets a little worse could be a negative. Timing and magnitude of the customer initiatives that I mentioned in the first quarter, those are with existing customers. As I've stressed before, we continue to see good progress in those discussions, but have not finalized anything there. And so depending on how that goes, that could be a little bit of potential upside or maybe a little bit of down. And then finally, the Patient Recovery performance, again, we feel really good about that, but it's early. And so, all of those things I would say could go either way, but I want to stress none of them we see as significantly concerned that they would be a large driver one direction or the other.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, absolutely. So I would say the tax planning initiative is going as planned. The opioid one was one of the timing items that we're really talking about that we expected to be spend some of that in Q1, and we see that more as the expenses being spent in Q2, which is why we have a little bit of upside in Q1 over our expectations. But then specifically to your question around in customer investment, again, those discussions continue to go well. Nothing has been finalized there. We would expect that those discussions would probably have clarity by the end of our Q2. And at that time, at our next earnings release, we think we ought to be able to give folks some clarity around whether or not there's some upside to this year if those don't happen or whether we've decided to expand upon those and do anything. But right now, I'm more anticipating that those will be about as planned or would provide some upside if they don't actually happen this year.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. The only thing I would add is, as I've mentioned before in both my prepared remarks and before is our discussion of how we describe generic deflation is the point-to-point year-over-year related to the average selling price. And everything that we see that we're forecasting for the current year still would say that our assumption of mid single-digits down would still be accurate. And I've also said in the past the other important thing is not only how you see your selling price, but also how you're doing on the costing side. And for us, that is, obviously, mainly Red Oak, and Red Oak continues to perform at or above our expectation. So we feel good on both sides, both from a selling standpoint and a costing standpoint, which they both need to work out for you to get where you want to be, and we feel good about both of those at this point in time.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I would say a couple things. Part of the learnings from the Cordis acquisition that we applied to the Patient Recovery business is not only around the execution things that we knew that we had to put the right things in place, but also about estimating what those costs would be. And so, as we gave our guidance and thoughts around Patient Recovery, we took a lot of those learnings, such as the amount of startup cost it would take, the amount of SG&A that we would need to put into the business to make sure that we were estimating those right so that we were giving the appropriate guidance around that business. So I feel really good about what we put out there as our goals from a financial perspective for the Patient Recovery business, but also on the learnings on the execution standpoint. So whether it be in the area of managing inventory or working through the SG&A cost structure or whether managing the PSAs with our partner, in this case, Medtronic, I think the team is working well on all of those.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. As related to P-Mod, I would say things are going really well. We're on time and on budget on that project. The Pharma team is doing an excellent job of managing the cost, managing the scope, putting the right talented people on that project to deliver. So it's going really well. As far as the cadence for P-Mod goes, as we've mentioned before, we expected to be a headwind in our Q1. As we just said, we expect it to be a headwind in our Q2 just from a year-over-year expense standpoint with some of the implementations that we did last year going live, it creates depreciation expense this year, and then we expect it to become essentially neutral in our Q3 and our Q4.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. And that was really – our surgeon gloves, which is what we manufacture ourselves and have just an excellent reputation and an outstanding quality and acceptance throughout both the U.S. and overseas. It was really the one product that we were selling significant amounts overseas. Now, obviously, with the addition of Cordis and Patient Recovery and commercial operations overseas, we plan to sell other products of ours that we feel really good about, but that was really the only one that we had significant sales that would create any type of restructuring charge like that. As far as Medical revenue goes, I really can't say more than the fact that we still feel good about the high-teens revenue growth – percentage increase in revenue for this year. Our early looks at the Patient Recovery business, while the first couple weeks were a little variable; after the first couple weeks, the business has looked very much as we expected for the year and the team is doing an excellent job. So, to your point, well, I have mentioned the VA is a significant year-over-year headwind, we still feel really good about our high-teens guidance. Thanks. Next question.
Michael C. Kaufmann: That's right. And, remember, the cost is coming off of a lower base because your cost is lower than your sell. So the percentage decline off of the sell is going to be from a dollar standpoint worth more than a percentage – the same percentage decline off of a cost. And that's why you want to see a spread between the two – between what you're saying on sell versus cost and that's what we feel good about at this point in time.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Again, three components of that on the $0.16. One was the spend on the opioid piece, which I mentioned earlier is one of the timing, things where we expected a chunk of that spend to happen in Q1. And we're really now more ramping it up in Q2. So we really saw no spend to speak of in Q1 and we expect it to happen in Q2. So we still expect the full year impact of that to be what we thought, it's just the timing move from Q1 to Q2. As far as the tax initiatives we put in place, those are in place, those are delivering what we expected and was built into our guidance for the year. And as far as the customer initiatives, again, we're continuing to have good discussions, and these are, again, with existing customers, which is important to know. And it's still too early for me to call it on that, but I would expect that we would have some clarity by the end of our Q2 that we would be able to communicate to folks on that. So, no change in how those will impact our guidance for the year at this time.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think, first of all, I would just say our relationship with CVS continues to be incredibly strong and our interactions at the board level and working together have been incredibly positive. So, yes, we think Red Oak is an absolute asset, not only in the generics side and something that we still feel will continue to deliver incremental value year-over-year as the years continue on it, but also we'll constantly look at that asset, both of us as two companies, and determine if there's other opportunity. So, little too early to say what those might be, but it's absolutely on our mind to always think about what could we do to continue to create benefits for both Cardinal and CVS.
Michael C. Kaufmann: The only thing I would add is even on the area where I think people think is just pick, pack and ship and where we would compete, just think about the things we do on that area besides all the value-added that George has been talking about because we are talking about delivering in pellet loads, truckloads, large quantities, managing formularies, 24/7/365 emergency shipments. We're tied to their systems electronically, the past invoicing and help them build per department and all those types of things as well as managing all the regulatory. So, even in what I think people think are the basic areas of pick, pack and ship that the playing field may be leveled, we don't even think they are even leveled in those areas for what we do. And I would say that we're incredibly cost-effective, so I don't think the assumption that they would be more the lowest cost provider when you look at the infrastructure we have in place every day to deliver to our customers, I feel really good about our cost position also.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. The only thing I would add and I think George said it right there is that just be a little helpful generally, as George said, in the acute space, it's really dependent on the customer, but generally in the flattish area. But we are seeing, say, low to mid single-digits in the ambulatory care space and in the home space where the care is shifting. And the nice thing is that we're highly represented in all three of those spaces. So, as share does move between those three, we're able to take advantage of that with our broader set of offerings.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, Bob. Good morning. Let me start and then I will turn it to Mike. As we said in the comments, if you compared where we are today to a year ago, the rate of deflation is less dramatic. So we had seen some stabilizing of that rate as we came to the end of the fiscal year for us. And I would say that that continued. It is always difficult to comment on others observations about price because as a manufacturer, you've got your own portfolio, which is actually unique to those products. And as you know, various of us who report publicly actually use different methodologies. But ours has been consistent, as Mike said, on a point-to-point basis. And so we feel fairly good about our forecast for the year. But maybe, Mike, you can jump in on that.
George S. Barrett: Hey, Liza, let me just – it's sort of broad issue for us. As I've said in past calls, we never dismiss any competitor or a potential competitor. It's something we always take seriously. I think the thing that is worth noting if you think about the comments that we made during the course of the call today is the nature of what we actually do. And so we're sort of this critical interface between a highly regulated system of providers, manufacturers and a regulatory system. And so I think the heart of our competitive profile is really our ability to serve the health care system with a very complex and important suite of products and services that they need in order to be health care companies and providers. And I think that's at the heart of what we do. So it's very difficult to describe how we see that competitive landscape. We basically know what we do and what our value proposition is. As to working with them, at this point, we work very closely with our providers, our manufacturer partners. There's no particular plan right now to do anything distinctly with them, but our primary goal and our focus is making sure that we create value for all of these customers with products and services that they very much need in order to do their work for patients.
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Erin. It's George. I'll start and then I'll turn it to Mike. I think every integration is its own learning experience. And I think, for us, the Cordis integration required a lot of international work, some of which we had people on the ground doing and in other places we had to build that out. We also had to do some work in that integration with a third-party, which is the partner that sold us the product line. So that requires a lot of interfaces, moving parts and great disciplines. And I think we've, over the course of the year, honed that increasingly. I think Don and his team have done a great job in the Patient Recovery business of planning well ahead, of thinking carefully about that integration and of leveraging the work that we've already done, particularly outside of the U.S. So I think each one of these is an opportunity for growth and learning. And I think Don and team have done that extremely well. We're off to a really good start. Mike, I'll let you jump in there.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. Good morning, Eric. I'll start on the first one and maybe Mike can take the second one and we'll sort of tag team this. The move that we made to regain the rights in Europe really was very specific to an old agreement. That really was a reflection of the product line that we had some years ago. And so, these are a series of products for which we had no commercial operations ex-U.S. and so we depended on third-parties to do that. And so now that we have operations in virtually all of these countries, it was very logical for us to want to have the rights back to be able commercialize our own product. So it was specific to a set of products. There's nothing else to be forthcoming as it relates to other products, but we were able to close off this sort of legacy agreement and glad that we're going to be able to commercialize our own products.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. Charles, I guess that you've been doing this a long time so you know the challenges of using public data. And I think the way I've heard you describe it is what I think has to be done. You sort of have to triangulate between all the various inputs. There are a lot of moving parts on this, but we'll try to be transparent with you about what we see in our numbers. And then to the extent that we can, we'll give color on the tone of the market. But I think you're right in pointing out that it's very difficult to get a perfect signal from public data. You have to work across multiple sources and triangulate. But we understand and we know – again, we have been at this a long time, as have you, I would say. It's always a challenging thing to get precise numbers.
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Bryan. Bryan, it's George. I'll take this. So I described in my commentary a little bit about the work that we do. Let me start with actually answering the first part of the question, which was, do we bump into them, have we seen them, and the answer is not really. Again, we know that they've been talking about health care to some extent and, obviously, we follow that. But in terms of practical impact, it's not something that we see on a daily basis. I think the key for us is the value proposition, what do we actually do, and I described some of the activities in my commentary earlier. But just sort of filling the blanks in some of the things that we do, Red Oak, our ability to source global generics across the world probably at unprecedented scale to understand that regulatory framework, to link our work in our Specialty business with the connection between the pharmaceutical manufacturer, their innovation on the science side and a very distinct customer need on the downstream side, work that we're doing in the continuum of care as we see these transitions of care and helping IDN direct patients to the optimal site of care, our ability to aggregate demand across hospitals to provide scale and consumables at great efficiency, our work in terms of working across their networks. These are all very distinct health care capabilities and they really reside here at Cardinal. They've been residing here for decades and we just continue to build on those things. So that's really at the heart of what we do. And I think that, in some ways, is the best protection and the best insurance as it relates to our value proposition and we're very excited about the work that we do in that regard.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, John. Good morning. So I think we've said this before. It's a little bit difficult at times to get a good demand signal on utilization, part of it because what we're seeing is some shifting sites and also market-to-market variation. So we have customers who are gaining share and others that are losing. In general, the trend that we've seen is one that we should expect, which is more care moving to ambulatory settings. Having said that, we do have some of our IDN customers that are actually having pretty strong volume in their hospital setting, so it really varies from hospital to hospital. But, in general, I would say we feel fairly good about what we're seeing on the demand side. Now, again, we are probably gaining some share over these last two years. And Don and the team have done a good job of really providing that value proposition that seems to be encouraging some of our customers to want to grow more with Cardinal Health.
George S. Barrett: Yes, John. I won't quantify that for you. That's not something we can do at this point and it's obviously very early. I will say that the key for us is building that product line into now a very broad product line of products and services. And so we think the opportunity to create value between our historical product lines and channels and theirs is really palpable. As an example, they're much stronger in long-term care historically than we've been. That opens up doors for us and so we see those opportunities. And I think for us also we have product lines inside that business that will fold very naturally to sort of the economic model that we deliver, and there are other products that are much more clinically attribute-driven and our product teams know how to do that really well. So I think we're extremely excited about the fit into our portfolio and I think the ability to leverage our channels is really the opportunity here.
George S. Barrett: Look, I know it's been a busy morning for all of you. So thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We'll look forward to talking with you as the day and the days unfold, and have a good day.
