George S. Barrett: Stephan, it's George. And as you know, we've been devoting a lot of energy over the last years to strengthening our position in the independent market. That continues to be an area of focus for us. Our conversations are very good. We devote most of our energy to what we can do to make them a more competitive and thrive in their marketplace, don't -- devote a lot of energy to that particular change. I would say right now, many of these customers are sort of wait-and-see mode to see what implications of various industry transactions mean. But we are really feeling good about our position with our independent customers, very committed to their growth and devote considerable energy to them.
George S. Barrett: Lots in the press. As I said, we really -- we like our positioning. Our generics business is very strong, has great scale. We're growing. We are already very globalized in our procurement systems and the way we work. I guess what I'd say, we never dismiss any opportunity to continue to improve our business. But as I said, we're in a good position right now. We'll continue to compete aggressively and effectively, and always keep our minds open to ways to improve our business. But nothing I can say more than that.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Thanks, Ross, how much time do we have? It's a great question. And I'll try to give a concise answer as much as I can, because there's a lot in there. Let's start with -- it's been a hell of a year, obviously, and I would say a really great year. But putting it all into context, which is, I think, what you've asked me to do here, I think if we go back even just 3, 4 years ago, I think it would've been hard for us to imagine that we could have done enough repositioning to be able to absorb the ending of a major contract like Walgreens. Our organization has done a fantastic job and really disciplined work to add strength and balance to our business and to our portfolio. We've had consistent growth, even with some turbulence around the system like what we've experienced this year in nuclear imaging, and honestly, I think we're forecasting a pretty strong fiscal 2014 while absorbing that nonrenewal. So in context, I feel really good about -- we are stronger, better balanced, better equipped from a talent perspective and better positioned, given some of the changes in healthcare. And some of which I described in my prepared remarks, we know that, that care is going to be changing. We know that some of the payment systems are going to reform. We know that there's going to have to be both innovation and competitive alternative products. And so I'm really proud of both our group and the work that's been done over the past years to sort of reposition us for growth. I think we know what we want to do. We're going to have to continue, as Jeff described earlier, to be really flexible and nimble and quick because the world is changing rapidly in healthcare. But I hope that gives you a little perspective.
George S. Barrett: Yes, it's George. We've sort of built this in, as you know, when we announced the acquisition. We did talk about the dynamics from a competitive bidding and that we had made some assumptions associated with that. We feel pretty good about those assumptions. One of the things that we might see around the market, and we are seeing some signs, if you look at some of the customer base in the DME area, I think we might see somewhat of a shakeup there and some consolidation among those customers who are doing DME. And I think that's, to some extent, attributable to competitive bidding and the dynamics around the market. But I think we had done a fairly good job of anticipating this, and feel good about how we're beginning 2014.
George S. Barrett: Robbie, I don't think at this point we're comfortable giving a 3-year forecast on segment distribution at this point. I think it's safe to say we really feel good about both of our segments. We'll continue to invest in both of them. I think the medical area around healthcare is, obviously, in our national spend, obviously, a much bigger component. And while that presents some challenges, it also means there's more opportunities in some ways, because there's just such enormous activity in that area. So we're trying to stay very thoughtful about those changes, make sure our portfolio is diversified so that we can take a punch if one component of the portfolio is getting affected. And so we feel good about it. But I do not want to diminish, in any way, our commitment to our pharmaceutical work. It is a huge part of what we do. We do it extremely well. We've got a great team that we're building with the increasing know-how, particularly around clinical activity in the pharmaceutical side.
George S. Barrett: So there are couple of questions sort of built into that. It has been a strong period for us in generics. And you're correct, it hasn't necessarily been all about new launches. We have to be able to thrive in an environment where those come and go. I think we have continued to grow our general penetration, but I'd say at this point, it's pretty stable. We are at a very competitive position to anybody in the market. We will continue to try to inch that up. Some of it is also about penetration in the overall system. But I would say, from the standpoint of how we deal with each of our customers, we've probably done a good job over the last 3 years of really getting to a market-leading competitive positioning, and feel good about that and feel good about that going forward. More on generics, I would say, as you know, the environment in pricing tends to be, in the overall when you aggregate it, it tends to be affected by 1 or 2 big product sets, inflate or deflate, and that's certainly still true. But I would say in the overall mix of products, as we look at the broad basket of several thousand products, that environment is sort of as it was last time we spoke, which is a pretty good environment for us. And so I think that's probably a little bit of characterization on the pricing side. But as it relates to our work with manufacturers, we're trying to be very strategic about it, very thoughtful about not just where our customers are going and what they need in this marketplace, but also where the generic manufacturers are going and what they face, whether they're vertically integrated, nonvertically integrated, what's strategically relevant to them. So we try to build our strategy with each of them or around the things that we understand about their businesses. And we've tried to take a very thoughtful strategic approach to thinking about the upstream and how we work with our partners.
George S. Barrett: Yes, look, it's a fair question. Obviously, China's been a high priority for us, and I think we've done a really good job there. But it's hard, it's really hard to look at that as a global distribution market. I would say it's a global procurement market in many ways, but global distribution is a sort of different notion. Markets have very distinct characteristics. Some are very mature and completely saturated, some are government-controlled in terms of pricing, some are still in their early nascent period of -- and growing, but with financing dynamics. So we will be very disciplined. Thankfully, we've got a team with good knowledge of the global pharmaceutical and medical device world, and we're going to be very disciplined about how we look at international opportunities. If one had the characteristics of a market like China, of course, it will have some attraction to it. But there are others that we've looked at and see and just do not seem attractive and would not serve our shareholders as well.
George S. Barrett: Well, listen, I just want to thank everyone for joining us on the call. As I said, it's been an exciting year. We feel good about where we are. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks. I think we will. And with that, we'll sign off. Thanks, everyone.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Stephan, this is Jeff, thanks for that question. So we finished the end of Q4 with about 343-ish million shares outstanding on a diluted basis. And that reflects the $250 million of shares we bought back in Q4, which was really a pull ahead of some of the shares that we expected to buy back in '14. As I said, we expect the average rate over the course of '14 to be about that same 343 million, which really means that the additional repo that we'll do in '14 will largely be allocated towards offsetting any dilution from the issuance of shares over the course of the year. And that's what's reflected in our guidance. That all said, as I said in my prepared remarks, we have a strong balance sheet. We're going to continue to generate good cash in fiscal '14. And as opportunities permit, based on our cash balances, based on the attractiveness of other strategic opportunities, there's nothing to say that we wouldn't pursue additional repo over the year, and I would view that as an upside.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, thanks for the question, Steve. As we said, we have seen a continued decline in the nuclear business to an extent greater than what we had been expecting perhaps earlier in the year. And at this point, our forecast assumes that decline to continue, both in terms of the overall market demand and some of the pricing impacts we're seeing related to that. It is a negative impact next year, again, versus FY '13. I think quantifying it in the $0.05 range is probably a reasonable approximation at this point. And that's probably -- that's net of some of the cost-reduction actions that we've taken to attempt to offset some of the impact, but it doesn't totally offset it. So I think your approximation is reasonable.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. For the quarter, the Medical Business Transformation was a net add to the profitability of the Medical segment. For the full year, it was essentially a wash. As George mentioned, we started off the year with some negative impact from it, really as we were cleaning up the remaining change management issues and getting the system fine-tuned. As we've gotten to the second half of the year, we've been focused on finishing up any remaining cleanup items, but really, more importantly, driving the benefits of the system not only in terms of some of the costs in inventory benefits that were expected early on as a result of the implementation, but much more importantly, by driving the use of the system through our sales teams, through our operating teams so that we can drive the longer-term strategic benefits with our customers, which is really why the system was meant to begin with. And we're beginning to see some of those benefits in the way that we can sell our preferred products, for example, to customers. Those benefits will continue to materialize in FY '14 and beyond. And at this point, we feel very good about the positioning of the system in terms of our ability to use it to drive those benefits. With regards to your second question about underlying performance of the medical business, if you strip out the AssuraMed benefit, I would say it was sort of a mixed story. Very happy to see increased contribution from the preferred products priority, which will continue to be a very, very key strategic initiative for us this year and beyond. Offsetting that was the continued procedural softness that both the George and I referenced. That's sort of become a reality, at least for the near term, that we're dealing with. And we feel we have lots of tools to deal with that and continue to grow earnings in a flat utilization environment. But then I also mentioned, this is more of a sort of technical accounting issue, but as we trued-up our incentive comp for the year, which is largely driven by consolidated performance, particularly as it relates to our 401(k) contribution, those true-ups got pushed down to the Medical segment, and that tended to have a dampening impact on segment profit as well. But all things considered, actually, we feel pretty well about how Medical ended the year and how they're positioned heading into FY '14.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. First of all, Ricky, I'd say this is sort of margin-accretive business to the overall consolidated results. We continue to believe that there are scenarios in the future where, particularly in the PET technology space, there are opportunities for the cash flow forecast to improve from our current scenario. And I'll also say, like all parts of our businesses -- and this isn't unique to nuclear or anything else in our portfolio. We continually assess the value-add from keeping the business in our portfolio versus other arrangements. And at this point, we believe keeping it in the portfolio is best for the company and shareholders.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. So we -- at the time that we announced the deal, we said that we expected AssuraMed to be at least $0.18 accretive in FY '14, net of financing costs. As we gone through our budgeting process and had 4 months now of actual results, we are very confident that the accretion impact in FY '14 will be at or above that $0.18.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, it was close to about $10 million of negative year-on-year impact from the incremental incentive comp.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Sure. Well, let me handle those in reverse order, if I could, Tom. First of all, keep in mind that we still have Walgreens for the first 2 months of fiscal '14. So obviously, 2/3 of Q1 has the benefit of continuing to support Walgreens. So I mean, that gives you a bit of an idea of quarterly cadence. Beyond that, I wouldn't get too specific. With regards to margin expansion, I mean, this is clearly focus #1, 2 and 3 for us as we go through '14, and it has been for the past 3 years, to make sure that we have the strategic portfolio and the operating focus on both the products, customers and the internal part of the business to ensure that we're driving margin expansion. We've had great success there for the past 3-plus years. I expect us to continue to drive that in FY '14 and beyond. I don't want to get too specific about the segment profit margins, but I think almost implicit in the guidance that we've given is a continued margin expansion overall for the company in FY '14.
