Michael C. Kaufmann: Absolutely; thanks for the question. Hopefully, you guys all found this slide to be helpful. Let me do this, just in case there's other questions. I'll give you a little bit of color on the $0.55, but I'll give you also a little color on the other pieces too, just to be helpful. First of all, if you hopefully got it in color, the first three components -- net customer activity, generics program, and existing or remaining businesses -- those numbers all represent midpoints of a guidance range – of a range that we established for each one of these. And so just think about that. There is a range for each of these. The capital deployment is essentially the bottom of the range because we've already achieved the $0.10 through the share repurchases that we've done. As far as the net customer activity, the things that are included in there would be, for instance, as you mentioned, the loss of Safeway. All of the repricings that we experienced that we expect to experience this year in Pharma, which we expect to be at normal levels, is also well with normal medical repricings, and then the impact of any other wins or losses that we would be having in customers. The generics program bucket includes the headwind we talked about with generic drug manufacturing pricing assumptions and then the tailwinds of both generic and launches and Red Oak Sourcing, which again, while tailwinds, will be less than what we experienced in 2016 versus 2015. And then also our assumptions around generic penetration are in there. In that final bucket, existing or remaining businesses, that would be everything else, such as Specialty China growth, Harvard, the negative impact of PMod [Pharma Modernization] that we talked about, et cetera. All those other things are in that bucket. So hopefully, that gave you a little bit of color.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, thanks for the question. I would tell you that, as every year, I don't think it's any different than we try to do any other year. I would tell you that I believe this is an achievable plan. We've put a lot of thought into this. Clearly, there are a lot of different dynamics affecting the year, and we try to risk-adjust each and every one of those, so hopefully that helps a little bit.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the question, Zack. I'm not going to get specific on the split between organic and non-organic within the segments. But if you think about our slide on page 19, we did split it down for the overall company to try to give you a little color in that we're expecting capital deployment, which will be the combination of stock repo and some tuck-in acquisitions, to be in the 2% to 3% range. And then we expect the business growth to be 3% to 6% in total. And again, if you remember, I did say that I expected the Pharma segment to be essentially flat for the year but a little different on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I continue to be very excited about what's going on in Specialty. Last year we wanted to give you a revenue goal, which we said was $8 billion, which we far exceeded. And really the reason we gave that last year, and it's probably not something we'll be giving forward, is because we want you to understand the scale and breadth of that business, that we've grown so quickly, that it's truly at a scale where we have all the relationships that we need with pharma manufacturers as well as the suite of services to serve providers downstream. We do continue to expect double-digit growth in the Specialty business for 2017. We're excited about both our offerings upstream to providers as well as downstream – or upstream to manufacturers and downstream to providers. So I think we're really well positioned in that business. I think that our margin rates, I think it's going to be higher margin rates on the upstream services to manufacturers. We're at typical distribution margin rates on the downstream services to the providers.
Michael C. Kaufmann: So thanks for the question on Cordis. First of all, I just want to make sure. We feel really excited about Cordis. We think things are going really well. We've got all of the key employees, management team, sales folks in place. Things are going incredibly well. So just a couple quick things to note, really the difference between the $0.20 accretion we had last year and the $0.15 that we're now updating it to is mostly FX. And obviously, that's something that we can have some impact in the way we price and stuff but is obviously hard to control. So the biggest piece of that change really truly is FX. Why I want to emphasize the SG&A just a little bit was to let you know that we're incredibly committed to making sure that we do no harm to the current sales business and that as we get through our TSA agreements with J&J, that as we build up to and support it internally, and then exit off of those other agreements, we've decided to be, I guess I'd use the word conservative in the sense of managing our expenses so that we don't cause any disruption to the supply chain and do anything that would make lives for our sales guys tougher. So we feel good about this. We feel like we have really good plans to deliver. And that's also why I mentioned before that we would have some variability between quarters because in some cases it was as we were ramping up our expenses, we're still on the TSA, so we have slightly double expenses in certain periods as we then walk off the TSAs as we move country to country.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think we're going to continue to have strong cash flow, but we don't guide specifically to cash flow, so I can't give that to you. But I think that we're going to be, just by the nature of our business and our strong focus on working capital, we're going to continue to have strong cash flow numbers. This was a record year, and it creates a lot of options for us to take a look at different ways to deploy that capital.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I wanted to make sure that I did emphasize – we still believe that over any three-year period we can achieve 10% to 15% non-GAAP EPS growth. So whether you look at 2016 through 2018 or 2017 through 2019 or going forward, there's nothing at this time that as we project out what we think we can do, not only with the strong position and performance of our businesses but also with our significant and disciplined approach to capital, that we think we can still continue to deliver the 10% to 15% non-GAAP EPS growth. And then on the dividend payout, we intend to continue to differentiate that dividend and keep our payout in that 30% to 35% range, which is again something we feel with our strong cash flow and continued earnings growth we're going to be able to continue to do.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I can't go into a split again with the core other than what I gave you from an overall Cardinal standpoint. I will tell you, though, that remember that we mentioned a few other things related to the Pharmaceutical segment and the assumptions. So from a headwind standpoint, Safeway, as you clearly mentioned, is a headwind. Also, we have our normal repricings. Then we have the headwind from the increased expense we're going to incur this year, which we specifically related to our Pharmaceutical IT investments because we've had such significant growth in our Pharmaceutical business, including acquisitions, that that will be an important area for us. And then the generic manufacturer deflation that we've talked about, the impact on our business on that, and then specifically the manufacturer branded agreements that we talked a little bit. But I do want to make sure you know that PD is not shrinking. We feel really good about the strength of all of our businesses in PD, both China, Specialty, and the core PD businesses. And then the tailwinds that we've talked about, as I mentioned just those, remember, just one other thing I mentioned that's important, we expect Red Oak and generic launches to continue to be tailwinds for us, but just less in 2017 versus 2016 than they were 2016 versus 2015, just because of the nature of the generic launches. There are fewer of them out there and because we synergized Red Oak so quickly and we had a lot of impact from it in 2016. And again, it will be positive in 2017 but less than it was in the previous year.
Michael C. Kaufmann: The only thing I would add, Lisa, that maybe is a slight change that would be important to note is that typically in the past, we said that about 80% of our fees from branded manufacturers were non-contingent to inflation. And with recent renegotiations of agreements and various moving parts, we expect that to be 85% at a minimum this coming year. And so that means that now 15% or less of our margins on branded manufacturers will be subject to inflation, which again I think reduces the overall risk and exposure going forward. And as you've heard me say in the past, on that 15% that is contingent, we view that in a thoughtful way working with manufacturers that we believe can still deliver a consistent type of return for us. So I think that's probably the only slightly moving part that I've seen with our agreements.
Michael C. Kaufmann: The only color I would add I think if I understand where you're going was, while I would tell you we were fully ramped up, with any sourcing business, every year you challenge yourself to take cost out and get better and better, whether it's on the Medical side, where the team this past year did an excellent job of continuing to take cost out on our Cardinal Health branded products and the ones we source no different than Red Oak Sourcing. I was at our board meeting just last week, and I continue to be impressed with the data analytics and analysis the team are doing as they look for opportunities to lower our cost and again work with manufacturers in different and unique ways that we hope are win-wins, with always the goal being transparent and clear with our manufacturers.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Well, I would say Red Oak is going to be one of the big positives in there. Generic launches will be a positive, and then generic penetration will be a positive. And then on the flip side, what we're seeing in terms of generic deflation is the negative in there that offsets some of those upsides. And again, as George and I both mentioned, the upsides from Red Oak and launches were a little smaller this year. But also remember, it's really basically impossible to pull apart all those pieces because they all work in tandem together. When you see pricing pressure, you're looking for cost renegotiations, et cetera, et cetera. So a lot of that works together, which is why we grouped it together.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I would agree with George on that in terms of a mindset. This is an environment we know how to operate in. And again, I think we're incredibly well positioned with our partnership with CVS Health, with Red Oak, and the investments we're making in our pricing and analytics teams across both Cardinal and at Red Oak. There are less items going up in price if you're talking about that from a mix standpoint. But when you take a look at the core items, whether you look at it and look at items four years older or two years older or how many players, generally we're seeing similar deflation to what we saw in historical periods in those buckets. We're just tending to see fewer and less larger I guess increases when we do see the increases, which I think is having the impact which you saw from a few years ago.
Michael C. Kaufmann: The only thing I would add, Bob, around your question about why we're above market is I think a couple other things hit me. One is we have tremendous billing capabilities there and also outstanding payer relationships. We think we probably have – not probably have – I think we have the largest breadth of relationships with payers. So we make it easy for discharge planners and folks (1:10:43) when they want a one-stop shop to go to someone who can handle all of the needs of the patients to come to us. So I think our ability to make it easier for those folks, our breadth of our line, including the Cardinal Health products, as well as I would tell you I really believe in the team up there is some outstanding folks I think are the reasons why we're growing above market.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I wouldn't say there's any change, but we continue to grow that relationship with our various customers. The team is doing a nice job. Jon and Don work together across P&M [Pharmaceutical and Medical] to look for opportunities and work with, whether it's retail, independents, regional chains or large chains, to find opportunities where we can help them create endless aisles in this area of these type of products and us to be their back office for them. So we are absolutely continuing to cross-sell those products.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Absolutely, that assumes that there will be capital deployment in that number. It'll be a combination of stock repurchases, acquisitions, as well as any capital deployment we use for capital expenditures. So it clearly includes capital deployment.
Michael C. Kaufmann: At this time, the only acquisitions that would be baked in, in a sense, because there are no real acquisitions baked in, but we said that capital deployment would be 2% to 3%. So we have given some room in there to either do some small tuck-in acquisitions or to be able to do some additional repo. So from that sense, from an overall company standpoint, there is some I guess capital deployment that could be either acquisitions or stock buyback embedded in our earnings guidance, but no specific company necessarily at this point in time.
Michael C. Kaufmann: The three positives that are in there would be Red Oak Sourcing would be the most significant of the positives in there, again, the year-over-year benefit. I've mentioned a couple times it's smaller than 2016 versus 2015, but it's still a very important number to us. So that's clearly a positive. Generic launches are a positive again, while smaller than the prior year. And then we also do have some assumption of penetration of current accounts, that we will be able to take some of the generics that they're buying directly from other folks and buy them through us. So those are the three positives or the tailwinds. And then on the negative side, it's the generic deflation issue and the impact that that creates from inventory gains as well as the impact on our selling prices. That impact of generic deflation is the bad guy in there that we've talked about in the past.
Michael C. Kaufmann: No, Harvard would be down in the – overall performance would be down in the third bucket, existing or remaining businesses. We just put all of that down in that bucket.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the question. So in Medical, this was what we predicted in our last quarter. We thought with all of the moving parts on Cordis related to the building up of internal expenses to take over the various operations being managed by J&J right now on the transition service agreements that we would have some variability between where we're ramping up and ramping down. We also have some FX impact in there. And then there are a few other puts and takes that we've had between the quarters that are just creating some variability. And so I'd probably look more at Q3 and Q4 combined than I would to try to look at any one single quarter over the last couple quarters. And this noise will begin to reduce as we go over the next couple quarters and begin to get off the TSA agreements by our fourth quarter this year.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for that question, a couple things. First of all, remember, a big reason for that Q1 decline is really how incredibly strong Q1 of 2016 was. If you remember, back then I mentioned there was a subset of a few specific generic items that we had anticipated would deflate on July 1 of last year, and they didn't. They ended up staying very much higher-priced than we anticipated, which created a lot of extra margin on those items in Q1. Those items have subsequently deflated, and so they're not creating as much margin. So that's one of the big headwinds in Q1. You also have the Safeway piece in Q1 of this year, where it was a customer that was very late in its contract life that we had fully synergized in terms of Red Oak Sourcing and had penetrated essentially about 100% of the generics there. So you have those two big things that are there. And then as you really look forward, the team is just doing a lot of things, as I've mentioned, around focusing on penetrating current customers, which is going to continue to grow us, continuing to invest in data and analytics. Some of the good work we're doing on Harvard, Specialty, Nuclear is really improving as a business. And so I think we're going to have much better comps as we move forward over the next couple quarters, so we would expect our second half to be much better than our first half on Pharma. But I don't think there's anything in there. We don't have to pull a rabbit out of a hat or anything to get there. I think Jon and his team have a really great set of plans to execute and get us where we need to be.
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Ross. It's George. It's a little hard to answer that question, but let me do the best I can. We obviously have a goal of having this long-term creation of value for our shareholders, and of course on the short term making sure that we're hitting our numbers, executing, and are very disciplined. We've tried to continue that tradition. We will be very disciplined about the moves that we make, the way we deploy capital, the acquisitions we consider. All of those are really with the thought about where care is going and making sure we're on the right side of care. But again, we are very much focused on making sure that we do what we say we're going to do in the short term and that we execute very efficiently. But we'll continue to look for those opportunities to drive the business. As you know, we're a pretty strong generator of cash, and capital deployment for us is a resource that we recognize is an opportunity for us to create value for all of you as shareholders. So we'll continue to bring that approach to it.
George S. Barrett: So let me just respond to this broadly first, Charles. I think the movement towards value-based care is pretty clear. I think the horse is out of the barn in that regard. Making it happen in practice, as you know, is quite challenging. We're at early stages in this sense. So there are certain episodes of care we're aligning on what the outcome we're looking for is, where the appropriate period to measure can be quite straightforward. There are other episodes of care where it's extremely difficult, and the time horizon in terms of measuring outcomes is more difficult. So I think we have to recognize that we're in a period of mixed systems, where we'll be living for some period of time with traditional fee-for-service models as well as outcomes or value-based models. Not every provider or every payer is completely ready to move forward on all of those programs. We feel like we're well positioned to serve in any of those kinds of markets. We're extremely efficient in driving our lines of businesses given the fee-for-service model, but we now have some tools that are enabling particularly very large, complex systems that are beginning to wrestle with these issues. We have tools that can really help them, whether or not it's reducing costs or standardization in the consumables, outcome of physician preference item strategy, which links the device and the services around it, where they're going to be paid a set fee for an episode or the work that we're doing in post-acute and discharge management, which is really critical as you think about the amount of costs in the system post-discharge. So I think we're going to live in a world that has both models in the short term, but we really are positioned I think to create value for our customers in either model. And actually, just so you have this, our legacy lines of business in our Medical segment during the back half of the year were actually very strong, and I think it's again a testament to the fact that we can compete effectively in either one of these financing models.
George S. Barrett: You have to remember that naviHealth has two types of customers. They have payer customers and provider customers. I think the decisions, this kind of work tends to get relatively high in the organization. It's not necessarily made in one place, but I will say that because the implications of post-discharge costs are very significant for our customers, these activities, the work that we're doing in this area tends to move fairly high up into the organization. But decisions are really made throughout different parts of any customer.
George S. Barrett: Zack, I would just add. Some of you probably will know, which is that, again, if you look at the pipeline coming out of the biopharmaceutical world, Specialty is going to continue to be a priority. So our positioning, as Mike said, both downstream with the providers and upstream with manufacturers, I think is quite strong right now.
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Lisa. I'll start and then I'll let Mike jump in. Actually, we're not really seeing any noteworthy change here. Relationships with our manufacturers are really good. Again, we have different product lines that we're seeing launched these days, so more products that are coming through Specialty. But I would say in general, the basic tone of the conversations is positive, and the basic nature of contracting is quite similar. So, Mike, I don't know if you want to add there.
George S. Barrett: So why don't I start just giving some historical perspective, and then I'll let Mike jump in. This is the environment that we've been in now for quite a number of months, and so we have over the years seen these swings from time to time. And over the last couple years is a particularly noteworthy stretch. But I would say this is a dynamic with which we're familiar. And I'm not sure that it's changed our mindset in any way. I think we understand the nature of the market. This is a kind of market we've lived in. We're extremely effective at sourcing products, and I think our teams do a great job of commercializing them, and I think we've been picking up new customers. So generally speaking, I'm not sure that our mindset has changed in any way. Mike, I don't know if you want to add anything
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Bob. I don't think it's small. Again, this is a good contributor to us. I think the drivers of growth here are largely demographic. I think what we see is an increasingly aging population. And so I think in general, the winds are going in our direction here. We have more patients being discharged, in some cases more quickly. As you know, the incentives are changing a bit. We are competing very, very effectively. We are generating more flow of Cardinal brand, which is actually still in its relatively early phases of work. So I would say as we are able to drive more of our own Cardinal brand through that channel, it actually makes us more effective. And that's a little bit of that flywheel that we've seen in other parts of the business, where as we can create more product flow-through, it's more efficient for the customers, which creates more volume, which allows us to do that much more effectively. And so I think that's the key to that business model. And we feel very good about our ability to source, drive Cardinal Health products, and expand our presence in that channel.
George S. Barrett: And by the way, when we went back to the Analyst Day a couple years ago when we laid out these goals, that was also something we articulated.
George S. Barrett: Dave, if I could just add to it, our Pharma business is competing really effectively right now. Our position is really strong. I love where we are with our customers. Red Oak Sourcing is really effective. So as Mike said, there are some somewhat unique things in the comparative data, but we really like the positioning.
George S. Barrett: Sure, thank you. Listen, I know all of you have a really busy day today. We appreciate your jumping on a little early with us today and very much appreciate your joining us for the call. So we hope to see many of you in the coming weeks. Thanks to all of you and have a good day.
