George Barrett: I agree, Ricky. Let me say, it's very difficult to comment on other company's characterization. So it's hard to do that. I'll comment the best I can on ours. I think, in general, our programs are performing very well. Our penetration continues to be strong. Our customers are doing well, the demand for generics continues to be robust. I think our service levels and our broad base of distribution covering all the retail channels -- remember, we are also in hospitals and clinics. So we've got a very broad base of distribution. The flow of new products was reasonably robust. And in general, I think, obviously, the addition of Kinray also added somewhat to our overall generic business although they're not really yet fully on our SOURCE program. So those are sort of all the areas that, that contributed to it. I'm not sure that the supply issues necessarily alter the dynamics of share around the industry. I probably would not point to that.
George Barrett: Thanks. We're probably still early stages. I don't know -- say, we're in the second or third inning. I would say from the standpoint of building our capabilities, we're actually reasonably in good shape. What I've said to you before is that for us, a building up the specialty distribution depends on building the right presence in the community of oncology and other specialty areas. And we've just really begun to do that in recent months and we've just began to sign our early agreements. So we expect that, that distribution aspect would grow gradually. And we really are in the early phases. I will say that this is going a bit slower than I'd like. You probably know that I am not a very patient person. But the flip side is that other aspects of our specialty business, particularly the Pathways program has probably taken a hold a bit quicker than we expected. So I would say that we're early stages in specialty distribution. It's hard to time that for you but the better we build our positioning in the provider community, the greater our ability to secure deals on distribution.
George Barrett: It's very hard to time for you. The good news is that we are relatively small, and so, the ability to move the needle for us may be a little quicker. So I'm not going to try to time that for you. I'm hopeful that we'll make some good progress during the next 6 to 12 months. But again, it's going to be a building process, and we're prepared to see that through.
George Barrett: It's an interesting question because really, Kinray is not part of that SOURCE number at this point. We're just beginning to integrate -- that, we haven't really done that yet. So the SOURCE growth is really a broad based growth. We've seen it in almost every channel for us. It's been with that solid generic penetration rate. And interestingly, it's been a fair amount of supply disruption. So in spite of the supply disruption in the system, we've done pretty well. I think our teams are just very focused. I think our program is good, our offering is flexible. Our customers understand the value proposition. And I think, we've done a reasonably good job of driving it. I think we've also done a good job of working collaboratively with our suppliers upstream to get the right value proposition for them. So I think it's really an alignment of all the components I've said before about generic. It's not just one piece, you've got to get everything working right from the SOURCE into the selling, into the incentive systems. And I think we've got probably got things lining up increasingly in the right direction.
George Barrett: Yes. Thanks, its' a good question. We've really enjoyed getting to know the folks in Kinray. There's a lot of things we do very similarly. But in many ways, the New York market is actually quite unique and it always has been in retail pharmacy. And so there are learnings about different approaches to the model that we gained from them, but we also recognized that some of the things that we do and that they do in New York are so specific to the characteristics of that market. And so, I think, hopefully we're a good learning company as well as a good teaching company when we acquire and we work very hard at making sure that the flow of information and learnings go in both directions. And I think we'll continue to learn from each other. It will be hard to call out one specific thing, but I do think that there's plenty for us to teach one another.
George Barrett: Let me start by saying that execution on our recent acquisitions remains for us a very high priority. So again, we'll be very clear about that. And having said that, I think our conversation is capable, and I think, from talent management standpoint, we're really thrilled about the team and the depth that we've been building. And our goal over the long term is to position ourselves for long term and sustainable competitive advantage. And of course, we'll always continue to look for opportunities to do that, both organically and externally. But again, I should say that focus on execution on our acquisition is very important to us right now.
George Barrett: The only correct answer to the question, independent of the question of pricing because I think it's really a noteworthy. I would say that level of supply disruption is higher today than it was 12 months a ago. I'm not sure it's changed, particularly over the last 3 or 4 months, but I would say the last 6 to 7 months has been quite lumpy out there. But certainly, if I compare it to a year ago, I would say there's been more disruption across the spectrum in the generic supply system. It probably is one of the explanations and we talked about this before for some of the moderating deflation that in some products, you simply got your competitors because the companies struggled. There's been some compliance issues around heightened scrutiny on many companies. So I think I would probably say that, that's higher than it was one year ago.
George Barrett: So let me just give you, first, a general observation, Larry, which is -- again, our Medical group has really been battling 2 kinds of headwinds in the last 8 to 12 months. Obviously, commodity issue that we've talked about, but also a relatively sluggish procedure volume, particularly in hospital surgical procedures, which is a significant driver for us. And it's actually a margin driver as well because a lot of our preferred products are used in the OR. So if you actually strip those away, in a sense, the underlying performance has actually been quite encouraging. And I'm really pleased at what's happening both in terms of our market position, the kind of account wins we've had, the focus on category and what I think is our ability to create value for our customers through our tools ranging from the back belt that we deployed in our operations to the preferred products program. So those are also to me margin expanders. And I think what's been happening in some ways is that some of the good work has actually been masked by some of those headwinds. So I'll try to time all this because -- again, because of the sort of commodity aspect that we look and a little bit of these procedure issues that are tied to the economy. But my general sense is that we are feeling momentum now, actually. I would say that state of confidence in our group is high, and I think we just got to keep that, our strategy, the medical trends, I think we'll start to -- just probably be more in '13 than in '12. But those are all about driving margin. We actually feel fairly good about where we're position and the team is on it and their hungry.
George Barrett: Eric, thanks for the good question. We're encouraged by the growth here. This is, as you know, has been an area of some focus for us. There are couple of things happening: One, obviously, we've deployed more resources into this group, believing that this is a very natural linkage to our acute care strategy, particularly as IDNs begin to extend their footprint into the Ambulatory settings. So partly it's about focus about deployment of our team and about resources. It's somewhat about our offering which I think has been -- we've done a better job -- some of the work that we've done in the customer phasing, IT investments have really been about making us a more natural player in that market. So I think we've done well, they were down particularly well in surgery centers where we have I think some natural opportunity, particularly in the kitting area. So I think, that's largely been what's going on there. There's probably also as elements of this connection as you said just to the IDN. You have the large integrated systems to increasingly extending their footprint beyond the acute care box, towards the Ambulatory setting. And that's probably a gravitational pull that is a natural affinity for our business and for our strategy and for a lot of our capability.
George Barrett: That's hard to answer, Robbie. We've generally not guided on a deflation rate. It is really the composite of so many forces. Some of which, we don't have control over, as you know. If a certain product is in the exclusive or semi-exclusive status and it's stays there for 3 more months than we model, then deflation will be less than we expected. So it's very difficult to give you a forward-looking model on deflation rates. What we can say is that certainly, over the last 9 months or so -- again, that's an inexact time table, we have seen a lower rate of deflation. Some of the conditions that I think are causing that, we continue to see, but I don't know that I can give you a guidance on a deflation rate.
George Barrett: Sure. And [indiscernible] let me give you a little bit more detail on this because some people are a little bit confused on exactly what's happening here.
George Barrett: At the time of the spin, we put in what was a temporary arrangement with CareFusion, particularly around -- or primarily around our businesses in the Chicago area that had been linked for some time, going back to the allegiance phase really. And because we needed some time for CareFusion to get its own independent systems up and running, we put in place a temporary arrangement where effectively we manage most of their distribution for them and then charged a fee. So it was a quality PPO [ph] relationships really for that particular business, which primarily affects their V. Mueller and respiratory products. The plan was always eventually they would get their own systems up and running, which they did on this quarter actually. And once they did that, we agreed that we would move from that service fee based arrangement where we just got a service fee for the products that we handle to a more traditional brand distribution agreement, where we actually took ownership of the products, recognized the revenue and then realized the margin on that revenue that went down to our bottom line. That transition is happening now, and will begin to affect us economically in Q4 this year and then going forward. Now really it's more of a P&L optics issue because the bottom line impact is about the same for us before and after the transition. But because we're now recognizing the revenue, it has the impact of boosting our revenue and reducing our margin. And that's where we get to that $50 million to $60 million of incremental revenue figure per quarter starting in Q4, and also the dilutive effect on our margins -- our segment profit margins of about 25 basis points. So hopefully, that helps.
George Barrett: Thank you, Luanne. Let me close by saying that we feel very positive about the performance in this quarter and about our trajectory going forward. And I want to thank all of you for joining us in today's call, and have a good day.
Jeffrey Henderson: Thanks, Andrea. That's a good question and one that I expect I'll be getting a lot over the coming days, just given the prevalence of discussion about commodities and commodity inflation that's impacting a lot of companies these days. So let me try to answer that by starting very broadly and then getting a little more specific. I think the rule of thumb that we used to have, probably it isn't as simple as that anymore and that -- our overall exposure has continued to grow, the number of commodities we're exposed to has continued to grow and quite frankly, the number of commodities that are showing price volatility has changed. A year ago, we didn't talked a whole lot about cotton or even latex, and now those are some of the most volatile commodity prices that are out there. So again, this might be a longer answer to your question, but I thought it was important to give you the full picture. So to be clear, our current estimate of total gross exposure to commodities. And this include both direct and indirect exposures. And this is an estimate for next year, so fiscal '12. It's somewhere between $500 million and $600 million. Again, I want to reiterate that's our total gross exposure, and it's probably the broadest definition possible since it includes the raw material inputs we buy directly, as well as those products that we source or we have more indirect exposures to cost input movement. It also, as I said a gross number, so it reflects none of our hedging programs or programs that we're undertaking to mitigate our exposure. Again, that amount of $500 million to $600 million also reflects the entire range of commodities not only items like oil and oil-based resins but things like cotton and latex and corrugates and other materials. So again, that will be our total exposure from a cost of goods standpoint. Now one of the things I would like to point out, it's not as simple as sort of applying one commodity price movement to that total bucket, and coming up with the rule of thumb because a lot of these commodities aren't correlated and may, in fact, move in opposite directions at the same time. So I guess that will be the first answer to question. The other question that I'm sure will come up that's related to this, that I'll just get out there is what -- if you look at that total basket of exposure, what's the potential headwind for next year. Now I'll probably give you a partial answer to that because we're still only 9.5 months or 10 months into FY '11. So there's a lot of FY '11 and obviously FY '12 to play out and a lot of things can change. But because there's a lagging effect related to commodity price movements and our cost of goods sold, we do have some limited visibility on the commodity impact in fiscal '12. But again, I'll point out that it's still very early, prices are volatile and our planned mitigation actions aren't fully worked through yet. And we'll be going through those -- continue to go through those over the next couple of months as we do our planning. But in early estimate, based on today's spot rates and forward curves would imply an incremental headwind next year in about the same range as the one that what we experienced in fiscal '11. But again, I'd point out, it's early and we'll have a better view of our commodity headwind and mitigation strategy. So we can provide guidance on our Q4 earnings call. So again, a long answer to your question, but I think the situation has gotten more complex. So there's no simple algorithm that we can probably point to but hopefully, that gives you a little bit of directional input.
Jeffrey Henderson: Let me clarify because I want to make sure we don't confuse two different issues. So what I was referring to is our fiscal year-over-year launched and newly launched value. So we're not talking about the base of our program, we're just talking about the flow of new and what we would call recently launched products. So this is just a snapshot of what we see in the launch landscape, as we look forward 12 to 15 months. As you know, a lot can change in that and does change often because you can't perfectly have visibility on litigation and challenges, et cetera. I would say, having said that, '11 has been a very, very strong year for us. And so that's good news. It's been strong for us both on the core activities and our level of effectiveness with our program, as well as a good year of launches. And I would say also as it relates to inflation deflation, it's been a relatively strong year with less inflation that we have seen in the prior years.
Jeffrey Henderson: Let me kind of brief you on hedging. We hedged about 50% to 75% of our exposure to diesel fuel. We've also began hedging our exposure to cotton in the last quarter or so. And we continually look for other ways of financially hedging our exposure. Although as you know, it's always somewhat difficult because you got to find the right coloration between the financial derivatives and your underlying exposure in order to get hedge accounting treatment. And some of our exposures are indirect either because we're looking at the root of the commodities or because we're not directly biting the right inputs. It's not always easy to get that hedge accounting treatment that allows you to lessen the volatility in your income statement. But again, we continue to expand our hedging efforts and are looking for more opportunities there. We also take the approach that we need to continually adjust to our cost level in organization. Sometimes, that means reducing other costs. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the Medical segment continue to be very focused on cost containment to ensure that we're minimizing our overall cost structure, not just cost of goods sold to the extent that we can.
Jeffrey Henderson: Thanks for the question. First of all, we currently have a $750 million share reprogram authorized by our board last November. Currently it us untapped so we have the full amount available. The assumption in next year's number is that we used $250 million of that authorization to buy back shares, which is similar, so exactly the same amount of those repurchases we did in fiscal '11. So when you look at that, in isolation, you'd say our share count should be going down. However, when we sort of estimate our share count, we also take into account things like assumed timing of repurchase and perhaps even more importantly, what our share price is going to be. And given the recent escalation in share price and our projections for that in the future, we then run that through our option dilution model and our option exercise model. And one of the reasons we're seeing a fairly high offset to our repo next year is that we have a fair number of option tranches and at strike prices in the low 40s to mid-40s. So as we sort of pass those strike prices, we're sort of go over a cliff, and you begin having the potential for option exercises, which affects our base share count, and then just a dilutive impact when you do the option dilution calculation, which affects our diluted shares outstanding. So that's really what's driving the offset to the assumed share repurchase next year.
Jeffrey Henderson: You can easily have a several million dollar dilutive impact either from options being exercised or the dilutive impact from passing those strike rates over the course of the year.
Jeffrey Henderson: Bob, this is Jeff. I mentioned in the last call that our anticipation for intangible amortization with next year was somewhere in the $85 million to $95 million range. We're still finishing evaluation for two of our acquisition. So I don't have any new information to apply to that. That will get finalized in the next month or so, and we'll be able to give a more firm number when we give the guidance for next year. So I would say that $85 million to $95 million number for amortization next year is just probably as good as any, which is a slight increase in this year's as you would expect as the full year impact of the acquisitions come in. In terms of depreciation run rate, I would actually expect depreciation to go up next year, reflecting as part of Medical business transformation going live and we'll begin to depreciate the capital that we've put into that program starting next year. In terms of the dividend, obviously, that's up to our board ultimately to decide. And we'll communicate when and if that decision is made. But our longer-term goal of growing the dividend at or above the longer-term earnings growth rate over time is still our expectation.
Jeffrey Henderson: I was just going to add on to your answer to the prior question from Eric and that is -- as we look at inventory, as you may know, our inventory is composed of all surgery center and physician's offices. We look at both in total and separately for those subset. So I would say, both of those is very, very well showing strong growth in Q3, which indicates that we're growing well above market in both of those subsets, which is very important.
