Michael C. Kaufmann: Clayton, thanks a lot for the questions. Yeah. You're right, I think we had a very good quarter in the Pharmaceutical segment, it absolutely exceeded our expectations. And as we mentioned, a lot of it had to do with Red Oak in its performance on the cost side. As I mentioned, the generic deflation is trending basically about where we expected it to be. As far as your question on solid orals and injectables, yes, the majority of our generics that we sell and when we talk about our higher margin source program are our solid orals. Most of the injectable generics that we sell are through the GPO non-source programs, which are a lower-margin business for us. So that could be a little bit difference of why you might hear some different messages from pharma manufacturers. But we feel very good about where the Pharma segment is, particularly as I mentioned, Pharma distribution, but also Specialty and Nuclear continued to perform well for us.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks, Ross, for the question. A couple different pieces. The first thing I want to really emphasize, and then I'll let Jorge go through some of the details of the moving part, is the overall Medical segment is doing very well that when you take apart the business and take a look at how our post-acute businesses are doing, the at-Home and the naviHealth businesses, our services businesses, our product lines, they all are doing really well. So we feel good overall about the segment, but I'll have Jorge talk a little bit about the challenges and see if we can give you maybe just a little bit more color.
Michael C. Kaufmann: It was really just better-than-expected results on our generic programs in Pharmaceutical Distribution and then strength in both our Specialty businesses and our Nuclear businesses.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yes. Sure. So a couple of pieces. As it relates to the opioids, we started to see some spending in Q2, but it was actually very minor. We took a little bit longer to get that ramped than we expected. We still expect to spend the full amount that we said we would. So you saw a little bit of a timing benefit in Q2 on not spending it, then you'll see more of a catch-up full spend in Q3 and Q4. And we actually are starting to see that spend already in January and February. So we feel good now that we're on track to see the spending go the way we expected it to now for the rest of the year. As far as the customer investments, I still feel like, as you can imagine, we did – they're still included in our outlook for the second half of the year. So we still are having ongoing conversations with the customers. And as I've mentioned before, I reiterate these are existing customers and these are some strategic initiatives that we're working through with them. And while I was hoping that we might have those finalized by now, I would still – I still feel like we will sometime this quarter.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Remember the 5.60% (38:13) was an early outlook that we gave a while back and we have a lot of moving parts that we're going to be taking a look at. We still feel it's early to really talk about FY 2019. Clearly, tax rate will be one of the movers that we'll take a look at as we put together our guidance for next year. We're going to continue to take a look at our Patient Recovery business and how it's doing. So far, it's tracking as we expected it to be, but it's only been a few months, so we're going to want to get a little bit more time under our belt there. Obviously, the continued impact of the exam gloves, how Cordis is going to ramp up for us next year. And then, we'll take a look at generic programs and the net impact of customer wins and losses. Those are some of the things that we want to still play out for a few more months and another quarter or two. And then as we have in the past, in August, we'll come out with our guidance for 2019. Next question.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, and thanks a lot for the question, Dave. And just a couple of things about that. When I think about price reform and its impact on us, I'd kind of break it down into generics and branded drugs. And from a generic perspective, I think we can all agree that it tends to be the vast majority of those items are deflating and that they're roughly 90% of prescriptions in the U.S. are generics. And so from a cost effectiveness for the entire healthcare system, generics continue to be very, very cost effective for the system. So it's hard for me to imagine something in the area of generics that would be materially in the terms of the drug pricing area based on just the overall economics and the trends we're seeing in generics. As far as it goes to the branded side, as we've seen both in our guidance and others is that we're now only expecting to see somewhere in the neighborhood of 7% to 8% inflation from branded drugs. So the branded manufacturers themselves have cut back significantly on the amount of inflation or price increases that they've had. We continue to see that. And then as you're translating that into how it impacts us, as we mentioned in the past, we expect to be, and from everything we're seeing right now will be more than 90% of our branded margins are going to be non-contingent to inflation. So if you put that around, less than 10% of our branded margins are contingent to inflation, which again is down to 7% to 8%. So for us, as Cardinal, I think that this is an area that we feel good that we ought to be able to manage through very effectively however it goes in Washington.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. We're continuing to feel really good about Red Oak. It's not just about the fact that our scale and our ability to source, but that team is just – first of all, it's a great group of folks. They're very strategic. They're constantly thinking about new ways to approach and work with our manufacturing partners, thinking about the pipeline of launches. So I feel really confident in their ability to continue to give us year-over-year benefit. As I said, it might be a little bit less going forward year over year as we continue to work through the items. But anytime we see launches and stuff, I fully expect that Red Oak will put us in the best position possible to compete in the marketplace and have the best cost position. So continue to feel really good about all the work that they're doing and the benefits that will continue to drive going forward.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. It's a great question. There is so many things that go into it. So clearly, the launches are an important piece of it, but each launch is so different. Depending on whether it's a 2-player or a 5-player, whatever number market, the type of drug, how hard it is to make, the timing of the various launches, when other players come out on current drugs that might be 2 or 3-player markets, they get continued competition. So it's hard to really pick any one item and predict it. And so as we get closer to giving 2019 guidance, we'll give you some more color around the benefits that we expect from Red Oak. But whatever the environment is, I expect that we'll be in the best position to compete with just the team we have there. Next question.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks. I appreciate the question. So let me just give you a few thoughts on that. First, for me right now it just feels a little bit early to be raising guidance. I mentioned there are some small timing type of things that we'll be absorbing like the opioids that I mentioned that had less spend in Q2 and we'll have some more spend in Q3. As Jorge mentioned, we expected Cordis profits to ramp up in our original projections, and those are ramping up as quite as well as we would have liked them to. And then also the exam gloves has been somewhat of a challenge and we're still working through our various solutions there. And then as you just mentioned, we have the $0.05 from China. So you have all those, and then as a positive, as we've said, we feel really good about where the Pharma segment's at and that we do continue to expect it to be better than expected. But at this time, when we take all those puts and takes and put them together, we just feel the right thing to do is just to at this point in time maintain our guidance adjusted for the impact of tax reform.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks for the question on that, too. I appreciate that. I don't want to comment on competitors' actual results. But I will say a few things. First of all, I think there has been some supply disruptions in the market for sure. But those items for us, from a profitability standpoint, have not been that significant of a driver in our Q2. And while we still see that there'll probably be some supply disruptions in three and four, we also don't expect that to be much of a negative driver for going forward for us. Now, we truly understand how difficult this is on our end-customers, and we know that it is making their lives tough and we are working incredibly hard every day to get after supply and make sure that we are on top of those things. But as far as the profit driver, it's not big. I think the big difference for us is that we made a decision years ago that we were going to change our value proposition. And that while distribution would always be part of our core and something important for us that we really needed to have a product strategy and that was going to differentiate us that we could take advantage of those rails going to those customers every single day and that we would be able to then drive our product mix and improve our overall profit. So I think the real difference here is our value proposition. And we've seen that play out in some of the recent wins over the last year or so. So I think it's really that is the difference in our value prop.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks. No. We don't expect them to get pushed into 2019. The amount that we had set aside and had given some early color on, we still would expect to happen in the second half of our fiscal 2018. And as far as more color, I can continue to really only say that it is with existing customers. It's something that we're working on with them that both sides would really be important long-term valuable opportunities for us. And other than those two things, I really can't speak more about it.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Great. Remember, our calculation for generic deflation is a point-to-point calculation. So we basically look at the end of last year and to the end of this year, and we still expect, at that point, to see mid-single digits as our ultimate deflation number. And so we still feel good about that estimates and are trending there as far as – as we look at our continued trends. The piece, as I mentioned before, that's doing slightly better which is helping us is on the cost side. So deflation is tracking about where we expect, cost is tracking a little bit better, and that's driving some upside for us in Pharmaceutical Distribution. And as I mentioned, Specialty and Nuclear continue to perform better than we expected. As far as RFPs go, we don't actually really have any large account RFPs that we're renewing in our fiscal 2018 and those that are out there that are large, actually don't renew until the end of our fiscal 2019.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks for the question. The business – we really are excited about the business itself. It's got a really good team. I think they're on trend. We're continuing to see both providers and payers looking for help in the post-acute space and we think we have a unique model that combines both software and analytics with clinicians to be able to really provide a top-notch service to those customers. So we continue to feel good about that business. We're making continued investments in that business, because we do see it as a business that we see growing going forward. But other than that I just, again, feel really good about it and feel good about the team.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Well, again, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. I know you are having a busy day. We really appreciate the questions and we look forward to talking again soon. Have a good morning.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah, Ross. As we said before, in addition to Cordis, exam gloves is a headwind for us right now. It's been for a quarter or so now and the challenges will continue for a little while. One thing for you to remember also with respect to the core business is that the loss of VA that we had last year, we are still dealing with that headwind. Beyond that, as Mike said, the other businesses, and I indicated that on my prepared remarks, are doing really well. Your comment about FX, FX is not a headwind for us right now. As you said, it's probably a little bit of a net benefit. But remember that we have long exposures from a sales perspective but we also buy a lot of products and materials in foreign currency and so that offsets some of the benefit from FX.
Jorge M. Gomez: That's a good question. The 28% that is the federal corporate tax rate. So that's a clean rate. The 29% to 30% is the effective tax rate, which includes not only the federal corporate tax rate but also all our taxes like state tax and things like that. So there is a little bit more to it on the effective tax rate. So that's the difference between those two. With respect to the second question about 2019, and I indicated that on my prepared remarks as well, we are experiencing a step-down this year is blended given the difference between the first half and the second half of the year, but we also expect a further step-down in 2019 as we experience the whole benefit for the full year of the 21% tax rate. Remember, there is also some provisions that kick in in 2019 that will offset some of the further step-down in 2019. But net-net, you should expect to see our ETR in 2019 to be lower than in 2018.
Jorge M. Gomez: So Stephen, this quarter, in Q2, was the last time that we had the step-up expense. So going forward, we won't have that effect anymore.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah. With respect to utilization, that is always a difficult, I guess, metric to track and because it depends on manufacturers. And so for us, the way we think about it is we look at our customer base and how they are doing. And what I can tell you is that our businesses are performing well in terms of sales. The majority of our customers are growing and as you see more consolidation in the medical space, there will always be some winners and some losers. And so utilization for us is a function of that. We see a good growth in our key accounts in the Medical front and that's reflected on our revenue growth performance so far. With respect to the flu season, in December, we saw some activity, and we believe in January, it's picking up a little bit. From a financial standpoint for us, in Q2, flu was not really a driver but we know that over the last few weeks, it's picking up.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah. That's a good question. The way it works is the ETR is a projection for the full year. So the projected ETR is in the 21% to 31% range. So if you pick the midpoint, the first half of the year is adjusted in a way that it's kind of a catch-up entry so that the average for all of the quarters' results in a 30% rate. The first quarter rate was kind of a typical rate of 36%. And so the entry in Q2 needs to average the two quarters such that the average for the entire year is a 30% range that we're talking about. So it's a mathematical adjustment to average the rate for the entire year.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah. Thanks, Dave. Yeah. If you look at the margin rate for this quarter, which was about 5.4%, that rate includes actually the inventory step-up expense related to Patient Recovery. So if you adjust for that expense, that is not going to happen on the second half of the year. We are very close to the 6% margin rate expectation that we have for the second half of this year. So we feel good about being on a path to get into those margin rates for Medical that we discussed before.
Jorge M. Gomez: Hi Erin, this is Jorge. I'm going to take that question. I would break down the international markets between Cordis and Patient Recovery. I think for Patient Recovery, what I would say is right now it's early to tell. We are on track with our deal model with respect to sales expectations in the international markets. With Cordis, it's a lot easier to see the performance in those markets. And I can tell you that the Cordis business is doing very well in Asia Pacific. We've seen tremendous growth in markets like China. We've seen a good turnaround of trends in other markets like Japan and we see some growth in places like Korea and Australia-New Zealand. For EMEA, we also see, in certain buckets, a fair amount of growth. The assumptions that we have with respect to FX in the forecast, we alluded to that before. FX is a little bit of a tailwind for us and that's what we have included in for the balance of the year, but it's not a significant driver.
