Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect continued inflationary impacts and global supply chain constraints. As we continue to manage through the current macroeconomic environment, we remain focused on both near-term priority and long-term strategies to drive growth and momentum across our businesses. At an enterprise level, we're maintaining our focus on our three strategic priorities, optimizing our core businesses, investing for growth and innovation, and deploying capital efficiently. In pharma, despite the quarter being a little lower, due to higher operations costs, we remain encouraged by the trajectory of the business. We saw resiliency and overall pharmaceutical demand, strong performance in our generics program and continue to expect pharma to realize mid-single digit profit growth in FY '22. In medical, our core U.S. medical products and distribution business continues to experience unprecedented inflationary impacts and global supply chain constraints. We continue to take action to mitigate the effects of these global challenges on our business, including taking pricing actions, evolving our commercial contracting strategies, and investing in additional supply chain capacity. While we remain confident these actions will deliver value and are encouraged by the other areas of our medical business and our opportunities for long-term growth, the current environment remains highly dynamic. Our updated outlook for FY '22 reflects our most current expectation. I'll elaborate on the actions we're taking to drive performance, particularly in medical after Jason reviews our third quarter results and updated outlook. Before turning the discussion over to Jason, it's important to note that the opioid settlement agreement was finalized during the quarter and became effective on April 2. This is an important and significant step forward for our company. We build a settlement is the best way to deliver relief to communities across the United States and allow our company to move forward by putting 1000s of lawsuits behind us. 46 of 49 eligible states, all six eligible territories and over 98% of litigating political subdivisions are part of the national agreement. This comprehensive agreement will settle the vast majority of the opioid lawsuits filed by state and local governmental entities. Additionally, we recently reached an agreement with the State of Washington and its participating subdivisions to resolve opioid-related claims on similar terms to the broader settlement, bringing the total number of states with which we have settled the 47 out of 49. While the settlements do not cover all opioid related claims, these comprehensive agreements are a significant milestone toward achieving broad resolution of governmental opioid claims, and include injunctive relief terms designed, in part to increase transparency for the supply chain to these products and demonstrate our commitment to the safety of the pharmaceutical supply chain. With that, I'll turn it over to Jason.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I'll take that and then Jason can fill in if I've missed any of the components of that. Thanks for the question. So, yes, well, we had said last quarter, we expected 250 to 300 of incremental cost. And now we think it'll be nearly 300. So that's adjusting the inflation component of it up to 300. And then, you also heard Jason comment in his comments that we saw some, as we look forward into Q4, we see some PPE cost, timing, and PPE volume impacts for us in Q4, that will also be an incremental negative for '22. So that's what's in our updated guidance to go to the new 45 to 55 down versus where we were before. So that's the change of the two key items that changed there. Again, there was some small stuff we mentioned in pharma and all that, we believe it's manageable within the guidance for pharma. So no call out any changing guidance for pharma. But that's the drivers for what we chose in medical. As far as looking forward to '23, what we are trying to indicate is that we do believe, as we annualize, if you think about the inflation increase over the year, and it sits in our inventory for a while. So using the $300 million, obviously, we believe that will annualize to a greater number next year. And so inflation actually on an absolute basis, the total impact of inflation will be greater next year in '23, than it was in '22. That's what we were talking about there. But then on the flip side, we also already has implemented price increases some in March and additional ones, as I mentioned, that go into effect here, essentially, July 1, that as we look at those and additional price increases that we would intend to take during the year that we also will see a greater positive impact from price increases next year. So while inflation on absolute will go up, the positives that we will get from increased pricing will also go up. And the two of those will net to a similar to slightly down overall net impact next year in '23. So that's how we're thinking about it next year, as you can imagine, we're going to continue to focus on those items and where we have opportunities based on the market, based on the conditions in costing, we will take more price to market. And what Jason also said to be helpful, our goal is that when we exit the year, next year, we plan to have at least 50% of those inflated items offset through either pricing actions that we will have taken either both to manufacturers and to customers, or we will obviously have seen some of those costs come back down. So we do plan to exit at that level. So that's kind of financially, I guess, an overall summary of that. To your question around the medical business, we still continue to feel very good about this business. As I look at this business overall, yes, our medical products and distribution business is having some challenges, no doubt about it, obviously, with lowering guidance three times. But when we look across the rest of the portfolio, whether it be at home, OptiFreight, Lab, WaveMark, we continue to see very strong growth from all of those businesses. And we feel really good about those. We feel good about the actions that we're putting in place. As always, we're always constantly because I'll look at our portfolio and make adjustments as necessary, but we feel good about where we are with medical at this point in time.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first of all, I would talk about it in two buckets. And as reminder, one, on the branded medical products, when we see price increases from those manufacturers, we are able to pass those through because it is like you're used to on the pharma side a cost-plus type of model. So whatever that cost is, we pass it on. So what we're talking about specifically here is the impact on Cardinal branded products, whether it be the Cardinal brand or Kendall, Curity, Kangaroo, all of our brands that we have, as we see input costs going up, whether that be transportation, ocean, freight, commodities, et cetera. Those are the types of things that are impacting. And so as again, as I think about the entire medical segment, remember, it is highly focused in this one area. As we look across the rest of the segment, we see really good progress on our initiatives and the various activities that we have going on. Specifically related to this to your point around taking pricing. As you know, taking pricing in this marketplace is complicated. First of all, you have to work not only with the actual customers themselves, but you also need to work with the GPOs and make sure that you are communicating what you intend to do when you'll do it, you have to give notice. Remember, in many cases, these are contracts that we have that could be multiyear contracts in place at a fixed price, because this is an industry that has historically not seen large fluctuations in pricing. It's been relatively stable in while you might see little things here and there. It's generally been very stable. And so the industry itself has been comfortable with doing longer term pricing. Obviously, that model needs to change going forward based on what we've seen in this hyperinflation environment that we're in that not only has occurred but seems to be lasting at least a little bit longer. And so this is about working with customers on redesigning the contracts, working with the GPOs working directly with the customers. We have been having those conversations. So we did take price increases on five categories, effective March 1. We recently added four more categories. This represents 1000s of SKUs. In fact, it's almost half of our Cardinal Health branded portfolio, we have now taken price on. And to your point, when we compete on products that's not just against the other distributors. And in fact, in most cases, it's against many other folks in the marketplace, including some of the branded suppliers. So we do have to understand what they are doing in the market and understanding how that as we raise prices, we still remain competitive in the best option for our customers.
Mike Kaufmann: Thanks for the question. Appreciate it. Couple of things. As we've said before, we do see some synergies between M&P. We go to market together with our GPO selling teams. We share corporate overhead together. We work on our innovation and technology group. Together, we work together on back-office types of things. Clearly, acute care customers are common to both segments. We don't see as much synergy as between the large distribution businesses, obviously, because we maintained separate warehouses. And there's different needs for the customers there in terms of specific go-to-market strategies. But we do see it a lot with our complementary businesses. Our at-home business works with our pharma distribution business, our OptiFreight business works with them. So we do see working together there. So that being said, we do see opportunities, but as I've always said, we will always look at our portfolio. We will always look to see what is the best opportunity to create shareholder value. And so at this point in time, we feel good about where we are and where we're headed. But there's nothing off the table when it comes to looking forward in order to create value for shareholders.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Right now, what we're seeing is, we're seeing elective procedures be pretty similar to what we would say pre-COVID. Now, that's a hard phrase to use anymore and it's probably one we'll begin getting away from because trying to measure something that's now over two years old, with lots of puts and takes with new items and changes in the marketplace and everything else. It's a little hard to compare to something that old at this point in time. But roughly what we would say is that elective procedures in Q3 were pretty similar to the prior couple quarters prior to and similar levels to pre-COVID. We expect about the same for Q4 and are not really expecting any differences in '23 as far as that goes in either direction. We're not expecting that there's a big build-up of unmet needs that are going to fly through the system, or vice versa, that we should see a significant reduction. Now, obviously, that could change if there's a flare up with COVID or something like that. But right now, we don't see anything at this point in time that we would forecast for the rest of this year next year as it relates to differences in elective procedures.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. We don't -- we have not given any actual mixed percentages in terms of how much of our volume is Cardinal Health brand versus others. So I can't do that at this point in time. But what I will say is that there's opportunity for growth there. We know that's an area that we're excited about. We continue to put things in place like working on our incentives for our sales force, expanding our product line to have more items to drive mix to what you heard in my comments on what our project is doing with Avery Dennison and Innara Health. So we're both looking to expand the line as well as drive the mix through our sales reps and continuing to work with customers. So while we don't give it, it's an area where we do see some real opportunity going forward to grow. As far as other things to your point. So yes, number one is going to be pricing to customers that's going to be an issue. I also mentioned that we are taking fee changes to our manufacturing partners to increase the fees. Our costs, as we said have gone up, the service that we provide to manufacturers we believe is their best option to be able to get to market and get to the customers that we service. We want to obviously be fair with them and be a great and trusted partner. But we do need to make sure we're charging fairly for our services. So we have and our taking fee changes to those manufacturing partners that we have on the medical side in order to help compensate us for the great service that we drive there. We continue to look at our cost side of the business. We continue to feel good about our $750 million cost takeout and we're continuing to look at opportunities to be even more aggressive on that and we will continue to do that going forward. And then, in our growth businesses and focusing on those growth businesses, whether it be at-home or OptiFreight or Lab, we're continuing to make investments, as I noticed, noted around what we're doing with our lab business and a new facility to grow, that we've got some IT rollout of some new systems and OptiFreight and in our at-home business that are going to both improve our costs and increase our offerings. So those are the ways that we're going to be getting after over the next year and over the following years to grow this business.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I would say in general, the majority of these are not items that we can pass through, there are opportunities on fuel surcharges for sure, as those remain elevated to pass those through. But I would remind you, there was a couple other things. Some of these costs were also focused more on the third quarter such as we did roll out just a few weekends ago, the final rollout of our multiyear [PMOD] [ph] project. So we've had some rollout costs and some making sure that we do that right. In the quarter, we onboard some new customers during the quarter, and there's some initial costs there that we also incurred during the quarter. So I would say that the bucket is, there's a small amount that's passed through to the customers. There's another part that's a little bit, I would say temporary in the third quarter because they were unique to some work we're doing in the quarter, the majority is elevated transportation costs, that we do see more permanent for at least for a while until it begins to come back down across the portfolio and those are not able to be passed on. That being said, when we look at the level those the amount of costs we're taking out of the business. That's why we're still comfortable with reiterating our overall guidance for pharma that while they are somewhat elevated in the third quarter, there's something that we would expect and are continuing to address going forward to manage the both our guidance for this year as well as still feel confident about our longer-term guidance as it relates to Pharma.
Mike Kaufmann: Just want to thank everybody for their time to be on the call today and I appreciate all the questions. I will just reiterate that we are taking action to mitigate these inflationary impacts and global supply chain constraints. And we're focused on driving improved performance across all of our businesses. Take care and I hope to talk to all of you soon. Bye-bye.
Jason Hollar: Yes. This is Jason. Let me go ahead and start. There's a number of questions. Hopefully, we can catch them all. So in terms of the IT enhancements, what we mentioned at the beginning of the year, and it's still very consistent with what we've seen rollout is about $80 million of incremental costs that we saw in '22 versus '21. And we indicated that would be spread somewhat evenly over the first three quarters of the fiscal year. So you can kind of think of roughly that 1/3rd per quarter is what we've been experiencing all year. First two quarters, we had other actions that drove growth above and beyond that headwind. But that was with the inflation included in the third quarter drove that 5% reduction. As it relates to the fourth quarter, the other unusual items -- beyond that lapping so there's very little year-over-year change as relates to IT enhancements in the fourth quarter. So that headwind goes away in Q4. But we also referenced last Q4' 21, that we had some unusual items that were adversely affecting us. So that becomes a year-over-year tailwind for us this Q4. And then in addition to that, we indicated here on the call today, just before this, that we're also seeing some volume underlying operational improvements that are expected for the fourth quarter that then would also continue on at that point. As it relates to inflation, what we saw here in the third quarter was elevated, it was a little bit higher than what we had expected. It is consistent with the range of our guidance. But nonetheless, it's an item that does impact our Q3 and we're expecting it to impact Q4. And then, carry over our comments for the first half of fiscal '23 are just presuming that costs will continue on at a similar elevated level and be a year-over-year headwind such that by the time we get to the second half of fiscal '23. It would then lap it at that point in time. Think I captured all your questions there.
Jason Hollar: Yes. So let me start with that. This is Jason. And the 23 elements that we are providing here for medical entirely focused on the inflation component, that is clearly going to be the most significant item that we are focused on for both the current year and what we know will impact us this next year. We have not -- this is not a full comprehensive guidance. And this is not meant to be complete with all the moving pieces. As Mike indicated, we're very focused on all those growth businesses that he mentioned, there's going to be other operational elements that we'll be working through. And that will provide more color on. As it relates to inflation that $300 million impact this year, is by far the most significant item. And when we think about our long-term targets, the reason we use the phrase normalized is items like that $300 million do need to be adjusted. But as it relates to other moving pieces for fiscal '23, that will come at our normal guidance update next quarter.
Jason Hollar: Yes. The area I can probably be a little more helpful is on the timing associated with that the impact of that inflation from a year-over-year perspective will be more unfavorable in the first half of the year. If you think about what we had in fiscal '22, Q1 had much less of an impact actually hitting the P&L, we had seen the cost start to come -- start to build in terms of what was procured, but what actually hit the P&L escalated much more greatly in the second quarter and as increased from there in Q3 and Q4. So that comparison from a year-over-year perspective will be unfavorable for those elements, all things being equal. But given the magnitude of what we're talking about, I would expect that to be one of the more significant items, especially in Q1. And then, as we get to the back half of the year, as I indicated in my comments and Mike reiterated a few moments ago, with the expectation that we are able to offset about half of the run rate at the end of the fiscal year as we jump into '24, that would imply especially over the second half of the year, that would be trending more favorably, and then we would have a much more of a tailwind associated with those items. There are always other moving items within each year in our guidance. As you go back and look at all of our commentary this year, there have not been too many significant items referenced other than inflation. So this one singular item is going to be the key driver of the year-over-year results for the medical business next year. There will be other color, of course back to the growth businesses and other changes in underlying assumptions. But this will be driving the underlying performance for the segments very significantly from a year-over-year perspective. Again, in a general similar magnitude, perhaps, a modest headwind associated with it, based upon those underlying assumptions.
Jason Hollar: Yes. The primary item that we referenced last Q4 was inventory adjustments. We did not provide any specific number; I think we might have referenced modest. And so it was a reasonable number that you can look at the growth rates there and how that was impacted to provide a range. The key again, was that we no longer have the headwinds of that 20 million, 30 million per quarter that we've seen over the first three quarters related to the IT enhancements. And then, we have had some incremental volume through, we referenced some net new customer volume within the pharma business that started to ramp up in the third quarter and is more significant in the fourth quarter. And those will be the most significant items that drive at year-over-year.
Jason Hollar: And just to be really clear in this point. We're not talking about any type of product cost inflation that's flowing through pharma business that is very much captured in the pass through.
