George S. Barrett: Sure, Charles. It was a $17 million of what I referred to as resolution of some open manufacture-related disputes. And since this involves relationships with some of our business partners, I want to be a little bit careful about how I describe this here. But in general, it's related to successful settlements of certain reserves that we've had on the books related to dispute of product returns to manufacturers. And this is an issue actually that we referred to in our 10-K as third-party return reserves, and we've had some type of reserve on our books of order [ph] for some time.
George S. Barrett: Larry, it's George. I think our perspective all along was that we wanted to be a meaningful player there. So I'm not sure that we've upsized our expectations. I think what's happened as we've -- it's a market where you learn a lot more every day. And I think what we've really started to focus on is making sure that we grow our footprint geographically, but also realize that there are opportunities of business lines. Their historical strength has really been in pharma distribution and the services associated with that. So as we've gotten deeper into the market there, we've realized, of course, there is opportunity for geographic expansion and there's a consolidation process going on, which we certainly want to participate in. But we've also seen opportunities in things like medical supplies, lab, even some areas in retail that are evolving. So we have always had a view of this that was with of some size, and we felt like we could make a difference there, and that's our goal.
George S. Barrett: We've consistently described it as somewhat higher than the pharma supply chain. Although again, ultimately that's going to depend on what mix of businesses we end up with there. If we're just looking at core pharma distribution, I'd say it's marginally higher than the U.S. But ultimately, when you look at the entire business, it will depend on what the mix of businesses ultimately is. How much, for example, lab distribution and med device distribution and our retail pharmacy support. And it's still early in all of those various business line initiatives. And I suspect that some of them will end up being quite successful, others may not. And ultimately how that plays out will largely dictate the margin evolution as well.
George S. Barrett: Sure, I'll start. This is one of the interesting areas because you have a lot of players who comment on it all from a different perspective and how it affects our business, so we'll try to make sure that we're focusing on what we see. As Jeff described, overall, again, net-net, the level of generic inflation was a bit higher during this period as compared to last year's same period. This was largely the result of a couple of key products just hitting their stage of life cycle where they see more competition. We expected this, it was in our models, not a surprise. We are seeing some inflation stability and in some cases inflation on some of the more mature products. Or in some cases, as I've said before, on sort of event-specific instances. So we are seeing some inflation or early stability on some of the more mature products. And whether or not that -- the conditions that drive that are varying actually. But that's what we're seeing. And as I said, the overall effect, because of those few bigger product sets, that decline was slightly negative for the period.
George S. Barrett: Well, first, in general, it is always very difficult to predict how a private seller sees valuation at any given moment. As you know, there are often family conditions that come into play, personal issues. So those -- it's very difficult to describe a trend or pattern as it relates to private sellers. In terms of valuation, it varies a lot, as you probably know, from sector to sector. There's some that seem to get a lot of buzz and valuations get quite high, and others that the general view is less enthusiastic about it, and those are different. But I'm not sure that I would describe -- certainly, there's been some adjustment, but it varies a lot. We compete in a lot of different markets, and so we see different valuations in different sectors. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
George S. Barrett: And actually, just to be clear, now that we're excluding acquisition-related intangible amortization from our non-GAAP earnings, it doesn't appear in either segment. We actually are pulling it out of the segment and holding it at the corporate level for the purpose of our GAAP reporting, I just want to be clear on that. But if we were attributing it to the respective segments, of that $19 million, the vast majority would be pharma, about $18 million of that would have been pharma.
George S. Barrett: Yes, this is a good question, Tom. And as you probably heard in our commentary, there is sometimes a disconnect between the data that we see publicly and the demand in our business, which you know was quite strong, at least quite solid, I would say. I would -- it depends on the area. There was as quite a stretch of very soft data in the physicians' office market. September, actually, saw a little bit of an uptick. But I would say, for quite some time that market has been soft. The surgical procedure market -- again, I would say on -- if you look at the public data, it has been relatively soft over the past months. We do see these month-to-month swings, so I would describe the data as a little bit choppy. I'm not sure that we can describe a trend break anywhere over these past few months. I would say it's largely been the same. Again, September saw this uptick in the doc's offices, but I'm not sure that we would necessarily draw a conclusion yet from that one piece of data. So that's what we've seen. IMS data, I would say, has been showing very modest prescription growth, and our numbers obviously are showing a little better than that. But that's what we're seeing in the public data, probably much of the same data you're accessing.
George S. Barrett: Yes, I would say that vast majority of our businesses have held up very well and have actually shown some pretty robust growth notwithstanding the external reports. So a lot of those reports, at least for Q1, didn't really manifest themselves and slowdown our volumes. I would say the one exception to that was what we mentioned related to nuclear that within our own results for nuclear, we definitely felt the effect of what appears to be a fairly soft market in the low-energy cardiac imaging area. So I'd say that would be the one exception.
George S. Barrett: Well, I think it's beginning to happen again. We've said all along that this is going to take time, that the key foundation in order to gain additional distribution in specialty is making sure that our presence in the oncology offices and the specialty offices is strong. So every one of these wins in terms of providing tools for an oncology practice that helps enable them to do their work, that provides clinical pathways, everyone of those creates a foundation for us to have the right to plan the distribution. And we're beginning to pick up some of that business. So I'm feeling optimistic that this business is starting to get a little bit of steam. We're pushing it hard but we also know that it just take some time. You don't walk in day one and have instant impact. But I like where it's going and we're beginning to see some signs of momentum.
George S. Barrett: Yes, so you sort of -- the questions -- the 2 parts of the questions actually relate. There really is a change. It's been unfolding for quite some time, and it will continue to unfold. So most broadly, if you look at the health system, it's no longer just thinking about an acute care hospital. You now have to think about an integrated healthcare system that has surgery centers and probably has a set of oncology practices, it has doctors, physicians practices, which it either owns or is affiliated with. And so what we're seeing is a broader need for value creation throughout the health system. They all feel under a fair amount of pressure in the environment. They know that as more people come into the system, they'll continue to be under pressure to do what they do incredibly efficiently. They're also going to be measured in different ways in terms of safety and quality and outcomes. And so the ability to provide tools that touch on all those value drivers, I think becomes increasingly important. And so this sort of does touch to your second part of your question which is, we are, as you are seeing, a growth in affiliation between IDNs and physicians offices. And yes, a good part of our growth in the ambulatory setting is coming from our very strong historical relationships with these integrated health systems.
George S. Barrett: I think that's -- there are a number of things going on there that are driving improvement, including our preferred products mix. But I do think that you're touching on an important point, which is that the margin that we gain will come from the value creation we bring. That value creation runs deeper through these very integrated health systems and I think that probably is, for us, an opportunity to do what we do well and to gain additional margin. We are seeing some of that already.
George S. Barrett: Yes, I'd also add that to the extent that -- again, if we assume that the market has been in a relatively soft stage for some time, to the extent that you see any improvement. These are areas -- particularly in the surgical suites, this is an area where we have a pretty high rate of participation with preferred products. So those are things that could be beneficial to us as we see any uptick at all in the surgical procedures.
George S. Barrett: Sure. Again, it depends on when it closes during the year, but assuming it closes per our expectations this year, we expect it to be slightly accretive in fiscal '12, and then at least $0.04 accretive in fiscal '13.
George S. Barrett: Ricky, it's George. It's a little bit of a hard equation because there is a part that is related as you described, the swing from a branded product to a generic when the generic is launched. But there's also dynamic, which is that a number of our large national chains buy products both into their warehouses in bulk and into their stores in DSD. That can vary from time to time. And we don't necessarily control that. This is really part of the operating model of the customers. And so there's a bit of choppiness and variation in the way they do that, so it's a little bit hard to describe an exact steady state. I think the general direction for us has been to make sure that we try to balance, increase the balance of our business to more DSD, which we've been doing pretty successfully. But it's a little bit harder to model an exact trend line here because there's this part that we don't necessarily control.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. Again, it's -- I'm not going to get too specific here. Some is going to depend on how the generic launches that are transpiring play out. The ZYPREXA launch happened a few days ago. We've got the LIPITOR launch coming up later this month. So exactly how those both play out for the quarter is still a bit of unknown at this point. And so it's probably a little bit premature to guess too specifically, but yes, I think we're starting to see another generic wave across the transom, and it remains to be seen how it will play out.
George S. Barrett: Thanks, George. It's a very fair question, a lot of which I can't comment on because these are really conversations between us and our business partners. Let me take the first one which is a little easier. Yes, we feel good about the value of our generic proposition to our customers. So our ability to hold -- following [ph] with our key customers feels pretty good. Obviously, there are -- there can be unique things happening with major launches like some that we're seeing in front of us, and so those always require some creativity around the system, and we're talking, of course, with our suppliers on how those are going to unfold. But I think right now, we feel that we're getting and have been getting better sort of every year at managing our generic portfolio, working closely with our suppliers and creating a very flexible value-creating tool for our customers, so I feel good about that. As it relates to the strategies of how a product plays out during its exclusive period and the subsequent period, that is really -- varies a lot by company, by product, by what the anticipated competitive level looks like post-exclusivity, and so we, I think I've said this to you before, it's almost like each is a strategy of one. It's very, very difficult to characterize a general direction rather than -- I think it's more appropriate to say each of these has its own unique characteristics. And we try to work closely with the suppliers to make sure that we're a valuable partner for them.
George S. Barrett: Well, this is -- yes, I don't want to be too specific, John, on any particular product. Again, what we were assuming -- I think we've shared this, but I'll share it again. We're assuming a November launch, we're assuming that would be product that has statutory exclusivity and that there will be another launch associated with legal -- a legal agreement which allows for an authorized generic. So essentially 2 players in the market. That's what we're modeling, that's what we've been modeling all along, and it's still our expectation. Those are conditions that can be very good for us, but again, each product has its own characteristics. There is a general pattern, but we do find that occasionally, a company will price in a certain way, that the market will price in a certain way. And so these are generally conditions that are pretty good for our business and good for our profitability, and certainly, for our customers a chance to grow their generic business as well. The characteristics that I described earlier in terms of our overall pattern, it's not bad for us to see stabilizing prices in generics on some of these older products, but again, even that varies a little bit. But generally speaking, I would say that can be a good thing for us. I described the characteristics of some of the -- a more recent product experiencing the stage of evolution where they fear their first competition. But that's what we -- we see that fairly typically and model it usually pretty accurately. So the conditions that we're seeing right now are good, and our hope is that stabilizing prices is not a bad thing. Our hope is that, that will continue, but again it's pretty hard to model. The competitive dynamics tend to wax and wane a bit.
George S. Barrett: Generally speaking, Bob, as I understand your comment on long-term care, it has had its complications here in the U.S. It's actually been a very solid growing market in Canada. They experienced the same demographic challenge we experienced, but their system and the financing system has been more stable, in fact, there's been a push towards taking care of folks in long-term care. So we actually like the characteristics of the market, it seems quite stable, growing and demographics are certainly moving in our favor there.
George S. Barrett: Thank you, Stephanie. We're off to a good start to our fiscal '12. So we look forward to the year in front of us. We thank all of you for joining us on today's call, and have a good day. Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Charles, I really can't comment on our competitors' results. But in terms of the impact on Cardinal, I would say, generally, it's flowing through as we expected. We didn't call it out as a major year on your driver either way. And you're referring specifically to timing of branded price increases. I would say, generally, price increases are happening in line with what we expected coming into the year, and our forecast for the year in that respect remains pretty consistent with what we thought coming into the year and pretty consistent with the price increases we saw last year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I'm not going to get into too much detail on that, Charles, other than to say that it's less about the year-on-year impact and more about it not growing as quickly as we would have expected coming into this year. Clearly, we have begun to see some momentum in the overall low energy market last year as we sort of emerged from the supply issues that we had experienced the year before. We're expecting sort of a continued sequential and year-on-year rate of growth in the overall market demand. And at least through Q1, that hasn't necessarily materialized for a number of reasons I imagine including, perhaps, the overall economic environment and the impact that may be having on utilization and the use of certain procedures, et cetera. So again, it's really a market issue, the overall market has not yet returned to the levels that we saw a couple years ago before the supply issue. And we just want to make sure that we remain cautious about our expectations there. I will point out, however, that in this relatively stagnant overall market, we continue to gain share which is very important. And also I'll emphasize that what I'm really speaking about right now is a low-energy cardiac market. The PET business continues to grow quite well, and we continue to remain certainly optimistic about the future of bio-tracers there that are in various stages of development.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No. Previously, we said that FX was going to be about a $15 million to $20 million headwind. For Q1, it ended up being about a $5 million headwind, and our revised forecast for the year is still pretty consistent with our original expectation. For LIFO, we said in the $15 million to $25 million range, that's something that sort of evolves as the year goes on based on price increases both in the generic and branded side as well as our respective levels of inventory. Nothing has changed so far this year to change that estimate at this point, but that will play out over the next couple quarters.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, our production levels are pretty much at 100% now. Inventory levels have returned to close to normal. We've been able to satisfy all of our customers' needs at this point. So yes, I would say largely, the issue is behind us, but clearly we had to put in some remedial measures which will have some slight impact going forward. But I would say the vast bulk of the negative impact is behind us at this point. But obviously, it affects the full year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No, in terms of the comparison to repo as an alternative, that's sort of a continuous process, right? We're always making that alternative and any time we look at a potential acquisition, we run the scenario, the alternative scenario, if we use that cash to buy back shares, what impact does that have on expected total shareholder return, et cetera. Obviously, that depends on the potential price we're paying, the economics of the transaction and our share price. And so that's sort of a continually moving target.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, it's a -- I'm not going to get to too many specifics here. And again, for some of our acquisitions, and Kinray is probably the best example, the ability as I said to sort of distinguish between what's Kinray and what's the rest of Cardinal Health is getting extremely difficult as we continue to integrate them. And just to give you a specific example, right? As we increase our generic volume as a result of the Kinray acquisition and hence, we're able to buy generics better, how do we attribute that to the acquisition versus the core business. And as I've said, that's probably as much an art as it is science. So I would say clearly, the 2 acquisitions or 3 if you include the specialty which we did at the beginning of last year, generally are all higher margin than the incumbent business. So as they continue to grow in over the quarters, they are definitely contributing to the margin expansion. The exact percentage point or exact number of basis points, I won't get into. In terms of contributions from just general margin rates in general, I guess the only other piece of detail I'd give you is that, within pharma non-bulk margins were are up 11 basis points versus last year, and bulk margins were down slightly 4 basis points. So that might give you some idea about the relative mix there.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I would say not in launch mode. I think really, we're looking to FY '13 before we see a noticeable impact. Clearly, as we exit go -- into go-live, some costs are going to ramp up as we complete the final preparations. And then immediately after the national go-live, there'll be a period of 60 to 90 days during what we refer to as hyper care, where we're going to overinvest in certain resources to ensure that there's no hiccups and that our customers are properly served and that the system is working properly. Once we get through that period, which really is -- begins in FY '13, that's when those costs will all start to drop off, obviously the depreciation will kick in as well for the project. But more than offsetting that will be the significant benefits in the project throughout the medical income statement. So I really think it's more of an FY '13 issue, Bob.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: A.J., it's Jeff. Thanks for the question. So overall, preferred products represent about 40% of the total sales within the Medical segment. They did grow faster -- I'm sorry, 20% of sales, a little less than 40% of gross profit, just to be clear. They did grow faster than the underlying business during the quarter, closer to 10% versus if you look at some of the underlying growth if you back out some of the unusual revenue items, it was closer to 6%. So it did grow faster than the underlying business. Clearly, when you look at the 20% revenue, 40% gross profit profile, any growth that we can have in preferred products, particularly when its growing faster than the underlying business, it's a very good thing for margin, which is why it was a significant contributor to our margin growth in the quarter. And we expect it to continue in that respect.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, first of all, the improvements that we saw in our non-bulk margin, it was a combination of all of our various margin initiatives that we have underway to continue to improve our margin. Clearly, the Kinray acquisition had a positive impact on margins, the growth of China has an impact on margin, the general strength of our generics programs has a positive impact on margins. So I mean, those are all benefiting our margin as planned. So I agree that there weren't a large number of new generic launches during the quarter, so the fact that we were able to increase non-bulk margins in spite of that, I view as a very positive sign. Ricky, I'm not sure I fully understood the second part of your question.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I mean that's a very difficult thing to quantify at this point. So I probably won't be able to, Ricky. But I guess, as a generalization, I'd say all of it equal, that should be good for our non-bulk margins, but lots of other moving parts in there and it's still early, so it's difficult for me to quantify that exactly.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, let me just add, we're always going to be -- we don't really guide by quarter the generic impact. I think it's -- I think as you all well know, there are some key products that are -- that we expect to launch, and one that just did, and so our hope, and as you probably know, what we're modeling, as most folks are, a launch of a generic LIPITOR in November. So I think a lot of this will be influenced by the nature of the launches, the timing, the number of competitors, but we see good things ahead for generics.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Hi, Steve, the question -- as we said previously, for at least a 3-year period we expect China to be a net use of capital as we continue to build up the platform aggressively, as we make some small tuck-in acquisitions, as we put up additional DCs and as we grow the business and have the working capital needs to support that. In the past, I quantified that at somewhere between $100 million to $150 million per year for a 3-year period. And I think that's still a pretty accurate projection. Clearly, we expect to get a return on that investment, a good return on that investment, but we're in growth mode right now. And as a result, we'll be injecting capital prudently but with the desire to establish a major presence in China, and to consolidate and to build up some of these business lines that George and I referenced earlier.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, it does. Now, some years may be slightly higher depending on exactly what transpires, but yes, I would imagine that would include most of the acquisitions we've been looking at, because, quite frankly, most acquisitions we're looking at are relatively small. We have the major platform that we need. The goal now is really to build out additional geographic presence in a number of the cities that we don't currently have a presence. And in most cases, that involves picking up smaller regional players that have a presence in that particular city.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I'd say, perhaps marginally. I think in line with general economic conditions in China and the availability of funding, et cetera, but I would not say dramatically so. But we feel the acquisitions that we've been looking at, and we've been very selective about going after the ones that best fit our profile, I'd say they're available at reasonable multiples, perhaps higher multiples than what we see in the U.S., as you would expect just given the growth in that market. But again, the ones that we've been looking at and closing on or expect to close on, I would describe as high but reasonable.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No, we didn't, Eric, but actually in the scheme of things, the revenue impact was relatively light. Most of the impact is related to reserves we took on inventory that was held up at the border or additional operating costs that we incurred as our team worked to make sure that our customers had as much supply as we could humanly provide them. There were a few blips over the course of the quarter in terms of sales, week to week, due to spot outages of inventory, et cetera. But I would say overall, over the course of the quarter, it kind of evened out, and we were probably down very slightly, but it wasn't a significant sales impact.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No. Great question. I'm glad you asked it. No. All 3 businesses that we consider international, Canada, China and Puerto Rico, I recognize it's not international, but for our purposes, we treat it as a nondomestic business. Yes, all 3 of those, we're going to split between the 2 segments, based on the underlying business. So no, we're not switching it totally to medical. We're just switching to medical, the relevant portion of those 3 respective geographies. We're not going to restate prior years, in part because the bottom line financial impact is very small. I'll call out the revenue impact each quarter for the rest of this year. In Q1, as I said, it added about 1.7 percentage points to the medical revenue growth rate. That was about USD $38 million it added, but the profit impact, if you apply it to the average medical operating margin rate to that, you can figure out the bottom line impact is relatively small. So we decided it really wasn't worth restating prior years for that small change.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Thanks, Bob, it's Jeff. I always have to make a comment, I can't let -- but yes, it's a little bit premature because we're still prior to the close period there and going through the regulatory process, et cetera, so I need to be a little bit careful of what I comment, but I will say that the synergies of this deal are expected to be substantial, and that's both in the areas of capital and expense. There's a fair amount of geographic overlap in the country with our DCs, and the headquarters, I believe, running miles apart. So a significant part of the economics of the deal are the ability to fold Futuremed into the robust Cardinal Canada platform. So I would expect it'd be significant. That all said, we will be retaining some key management from the Futuremed company, including the existing CEO and President, Ray Stone, who will be joining the Cardinal health team and will be a very important part of our business going forward. Again, assuming this transaction closes.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Sure. Thanks, Dave, for the question. One was the Presource issue which, as I said, was worth about $11 million in the quarter or roughly $0.02. And then the discrete tax items, which net were negative of about $4 million, again, equal to about $0.01 worth on the EPS line.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Correct. They were all in our non-GAAP EPS, but I just wanted to call them out because they were somewhat unique for the quarter.
