George S. Barrett: At this point, we're not prepared to guide. We're still looking through our planning process. I can give you some color on what we see on generics going forward, and hopefully that will be of some help. I'll start with this. We expect our generic business to grow. I would probably say that the number and value of generic launches in our fiscal '13 is probably lower than in our fiscal '12. And as Jeff mentioned, some of the products that launched, let's say in the last 4 to 5 months, will lose their exclusivity. So we expect to see some deflation on those products, but it's sort of an extraordinary time in the industry. We're probably looking at the potential of total system-wide generic penetration exceeding 80% sometime next year, which is really a sort of mind-boggling number. And so this will help fuel, and the work that we're doing in our generic program, in general, we think will help fuel continued growth. But that's probably the general color I could give you at this stage.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Again, I don't want to get too specific on margin, but I would say, if you look at the impact of the products going off patent, there's 2 impacts. Just looking at those in isolation, they will tend to dampen the revenue, and I think an assumption of flattish to slightly down is probably reasonable. And they generally will be positive to our gross margin rate, so...
George S. Barrett: Yes, it's George. I'll start with this one. Again, we are generally -- provide somewhat limited information on specific customers, but some of this, I think, is fairly available out there in the public domain so I can comment on a few of the contract renewals and just general timing. So couple of things to say. We have renewed a couple that you may know with Kmart and Kroger, have now been renewed in terms of long-term contracts that extend beyond FY '15. That's always helpful to us in terms of long-term stability, and we'll continue to work closely with these customers. I think you all know from other calls that the status of the Express Scripts contract is extended, that current agreement, until the end of September, and are in the process of responding to an RFP, which is there to include the entire Express plus Medco business. There's not much we can say, honestly, about that in terms of the outcome other than to say we've been a very solid and I think outstanding supplier to Express Scripts, and we look forward to continuing that relationship. Both CVS and Walgreens contract run through this summer of 2013, so still over a year away. Not much to say about that other than those are 2 very important customers and outstanding relationships. And one which we've been getting some questions about and questions we probably should comment on, which is that we did pick up Safeway, we've been asked this and I thought we should confirm that, for a multi-year agreement. So we really are excited about this. We view this not just not just as a new customer but as a terrific partnership going forward. So that will probably give you some color on the contracts that we would typically make some comment on.
George S. Barrett: No. For the first 2 parts of the question. I don't think I can provide specifics on when we'll hear regarding the RFP on Express Scripts. I suppose it is possible that we could here by the time we speak with you again for our year-end numbers, but no certainty at this point. The second part -- I'm sorry -- on Safeway. Yes, there's not much color I can provide for you here. Obviously, each agreement that we have with our partners is, obviously, quite proprietary. And as I've said earlier, they're quite specific and distinct. I can say that it's a broad-based agreement, and it covers branded lines and generic lines, and we're excited to be with them.
George S. Barrett: First, let me -- just a quick comment on the question with the hypothesis you gave Jeff in terms of our ability to mitigate the tax. But first of all, as you probably know, there's also still considerable discussion around medical device tax. And I won't go into a long treatise as to whether our products of the nature that we sell, that are competitive should be taxed at all. And there's still some action around this. As it relates to our ability to mitigate, I don't think we should preclude any option for us. Jeff is trying to give you the gross impact. And obviously, it will be for Don and team to think about what strategies we can deploy to make sure that, that is fairly -- that we have to experience that it's fairly distributed across those in the channel. And I think that's one of the things to consider. Don is on board. He is up to speed and as we expect will not be shy about giving you his perspective on where we are. Obviously, Jeff is getting into the business now and Don is on board working closely with Mike. And so I'm hoping that probably by the time we get a chance to talk with you all in August, he's probably going to feel a lot more comfortable with life with Cardinal Health and with the business, will have gone through our planning process, that will actually be up and extremely a fast learning experience there, in terms of the nature of Cardinal Health and what we're doing. So that's it.
George S. Barrett: I would just say that at this point, our customers have been tremendously supportive. And we've, I think, put in a very effective contingency plan, and we're doing everything to make sure that customers are served. So that's what I will say.
George S. Barrett: Right. Good question. It is -- it's hard, obviously, to know exactly what it's going to look like at the expiration of that exclusivity. But I think we probably have the same perspective in terms of the number of players that we're seeing on that particular drug. So here's what I'd say, in terms of the overall environment, you almost have to have to look at this in 3 buckets. You have the products that are sitting in exclusive periods, that will sort of go through the binary change when competition ensues. And then you have this enormous basket of thousands of products. And then you have some individual products that essentially suggest inflows. And I would say, in general, in that middle bucket, we're not seeing any particularly noteworthy change in the pricing environment. It looks quite as it did last -- last quarter. Obviously, we will see some of these big products that go from being alone, or alone with generics, to 4 or 5, 6 players. And I think once you get into that range, then it will be reasonable to assume some fairly significant deflation.
George S. Barrett: Yes. First of all on the nuclear issue, yes, you did hear correctly. That was an $11 million inventory write-off. As you may recall from last quarter's call, Lisa, I sort of foreshadowed that, that was a possibility. As we are taking actions to mitigate some of the demand softness that we've been experiencing, a result of one of those initiatives was to write-off some of some inventory that we had, and that was exactly that. So I think I had sized it as $0.02 or $0.03, so when I talked about it last quarter, ended up being $0.02 of the $11 million that I described. And Lisa, regarding the DoD cuts, they were slightly over $4 million this quarter. I'm not going to try to forecast exactly what they may be next quarter, other than to say that I think any reasonable range of possibilities is reflected in our guidance.
George S. Barrett: I wouldn't expect a dramatically different number than what we experienced in Q4 -- in Q3, at this point.
George S. Barrett: There's always a unique event in every quarter, right? But yes, the $11 million was reflected in the Pharma segment. You could argue, absent that, margins would've been better. And the roughly $1.4 million of DEA cost was also reflected in the Pharma segment. Now whether that's onetime or not, I guess, we'll see as we go forward, depending on the ultimate resolution of that. So yes, there were a couple of somewhat unique items, and they ended up here in the Pharma segment.
George S. Barrett: Well, I would start with certainly confirming that -- the notion that there has been consolidation among the customer base. There's no question that we're seeing hospitals either under a lot of pressure and anticipating significant pressure going forward. And they're finding and looking for ways to create value. That can create some present pressure for sure. It also for us creates an opportunity to be able to deliver a message around how to create value for them. Price is one element in the way you create value. We have a broad portfolio of products and services that we can bring to bear to the market, particularly a highly integrated IDN. And so our message to them is really about our ability to create value for you in an environment that is -- has quite a number of pressures. So we'd never dispute that there is pressure that comes from large customers, but I would also say that in some ways, this enables us to articulate our value proposition about how we can create value for them.
George S. Barrett: Sure. It's a good question, probably deserves a larger answer than we'll put in, in this call. But let me give you a quick overview. The answer is we felt strongly that our moving into specialty strategically has been important to us. We recognize the med acquisition that we are buying a business that essentially had 3 -- sort of 3 legs to the stool, basically, 3 components to the strategy. One which is it's a business activity that provide tools to oncologists and other specialty practices, that has now expanded. A second part of the stool, that was really supporting the payer community with products and services. And the third which is the area in which we had this loss of business, was really in what I'd call marketing services about Pharma. We've typically seen, we are really pleased with the progress in our tools to support the provider community. And those tools include a much more robust position in -- in the distributional specialty, and you can see that scenario will impact [indiscernible]. And we also -- if you remember, it was an area that was off to a pretty slow start, so really pleased to see that momentum. I think our work with the payer community particularly around [indiscernible] is actually very interesting and I think was quite innovative in that area. And always in the biopharmaceutical services, it's not a large customer base. So in this case where we lost some business from one customer, we can actually feel it, because it's the chunk of the high margin business. So that's sort of how I describe where we are. I'm really pleased at the evolution of the team. We've got some just terrific talent in that group. I think the kinds of innovative approaches that we're taking to the market recognizing that this is a world undergoing a lot of changes is pretty exciting to us. So it's just been a little bit of a mixed bag. And I hope we've been pretty transparent about which parts have been going well, which parts have been more challenging and the progress. But I'm really looking forward to the future with that business.
George S. Barrett: No. I'm sorry, John, at this point we've got to keep this in a perspective of the segment and is reported as part of the Pharmaceutical segment. As I said, I mean, the overall mix is still a relatively small business.
George S. Barrett: Well, I think, again, the profit growth in this particular case was hampered significantly by the loss of the time margin, sort of consulting marketing services part of the business.
George S. Barrett: Yes. As we continue to ramp -- this is Jeff, by the way, John, thanks for the question. As we continue to ramp up our distribution business, I think we feel very good about the revenue outlook for specialty. However, I think, due to the loss of this unique customer, probably the margin dollars will be somewhat challenged in the next 12 months or so, as we work to replace that business and as the other parts of the business continue to grow.
George S. Barrett: I also expect the tax rate to return to a more normalized level in Q4, the Q3 rate was somewhat low for the reasons I described. Third issue is the one you referenced. With LIPITOR and ZYPREXA coming off exclusivity, we do expect those to start deflating, and that should have an impact on some of our generic dollars. And then the final issue, we've talked about, is the impact of the special loss of business with one customer. That happened during Q3, so we'll feel the full impact of that in Q4. So those are the things I would point to, but again, I would come back to the point that our guidance implies teens to low 20s growth in EPS.
George S. Barrett: I don't want to get too specific at this point until we work through our final budget. And quite honestly, it's really only the first 3 months or so that we have really good visibility, so we're basing the rest of year off of forward range, et cetera right now. So I wouldn't like to be too specific about the seasonal pattern at this point. I think I'll just leave it at the overall impact of $5 million to $15 million. And probably as we get to August, we'll give a little bit more detail in terms of quarterly impact in that regard.
George S. Barrett: Again, I'm not going to be able to share. We didn't actually lose -- we lost business with a customer, so we didn't lose a customer. We lost business with the customer. It just happened to be high-margin business. And as I said, it's sort of -- we're at that stage where we can feel this kind of bump. I would say right now that even the marketing services, they're still part of the strategy, I think Meg and team have continued to -- will look at the areas of greatest potential for us. We are -- in some ways, we have a disadvantage in being a little bit of a smaller business, and we have the advantage of being a smaller business, which is that we can do a lot of course correction and forward-looking thinking about how to evolve this business. So just remember that we've actually picked up a fair amount of new business in Specialty. But the margin impact of a loss of this part of this customer's business is meaningful.
George S. Barrett: Yes, John. I wouldn't say we're stuck in a profit deflation cycle. We will see cyclical pricing on generics, which certainly affect the business. But by and large, our generic business through the cycle is growing, and the profit that comes from that business is meaningful, continues to be meaningful. And so much of that has to do with the way we run the program, that has to do with our ability to penetrate accounts, our sourcing models, our ability to use scale. And so, yes, I wouldn't translate the -- necessarily, the deflation of the product, they come out of exclusivity to a long-term sense of stagnation, that's not the way I see it.
George S. Barrett: So again, thank you, all, for joining us this morning. We're excited to report another solid quarter. And we look forward to talking with you again in the coming weeks. And surely we'll see you over the coming meetings that Sally referenced. Thanks.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Ricky, I think there might have been a second question there about revenue growth for next year, which I assume was overall growth. Then again, we're still going through our planning process, so I don't want to be too specific here. I think we all recognize that FY '13 is going to be an interesting year with respect to revenue just due to the sheer volume of large branded products that have and will come off patent in this fiscal year. The obvious is that could very well result in flat to negative revenue growth in Pharma and the overall company next year. Although, as you know, that can actually be good for our gross margin. So that's our early thinking, but there's still a lot things to play out over the next couple of months.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Sure. This is Jeff. The bulk rate for Q3 was 59 basis points, and the non-bulk rate was 2.64%. Let's put that in a little bit of context. As we said before, we don't think looking at these particular margins on a quarterly basis necessarily tells the complete or accurate story. So we think the most appropriate comparison is over multiple quarters, like kind of smoothes up quarterly blips, et cetera, that often occur. So in that vein, let me give you the year-to-date figures. Year-to-date bulk margins are 40 basis points, and non-bulk are 2.52%. And for comparison to last year, last year's rates in that same period were 35 basis points and 2.40%, respectively.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: So I'm kind of chuckling a little bit, as I get the MBT question, because I'm recalling John Ransom's accusation of me giving an essay question, an essay answer to a math question last time, so let me try to be a little bit more math-y with my response this time, John, if you're out there. So and I will, now that we've completed the go live, I do want to provide a few more details regarding -- with the expense impact and future benefits. So first of all, let me talk about fiscal '12. For the full year, we'll incur about $32 million of expense related to both project implementation expense and depreciation. And it's about equally divided between the 2. On the benefit side in FY '12, as we said before, there are very few benefits realized this year. We're really focused right now on cleaning up any remaining problems and ensuring customer satisfaction, and that will continue to be our focus for the next couple of months. Now beginning in fiscal 2013, and I'll start on the expense side here, we have a full year depreciation which kicks in, and that's worth about $34 million next year. Because MBT was really replacing systems that are quite old, there isn't much in the way of elimination of depreciation expense for the systems being replaced. And then there'll also be a relatively modest amount of ongoing annual costs to sustain the system and do enhancements. Now on the benefit side, we do expect the income statement benefits to begin in 2015 and ramp up over time. Bottom line, though, we expect the financial benefits resulting from MBT next year to exceed the ongoing annual expense in the system. So in summary, the project will be net accretive for fiscal 2013 and beyond. We also expect that net benefit to increase over time as we fully utilize all the benefits of the new system. That pretty much answers the MBT question. On med device tax, as you all know, the medical device tax is currently scheduled to kick off on January 1 of 2013, assuming that the medical Health Care Reform continues as scheduled. Now you should know that there has -- there still is considerable debate around the exact final regulations as it relates to the medical device tax. But based on our current interpretation of those regulations and our current product mix, we estimate the half year impact next year to be somewhere in the range of $13 million to $23 million. I know that's a wide range, but the size of that range is really being driven by different assumptions regarding which of our offerings this tax will be applied to. And until we get some further definition of that in that regard, we'll be looking at that sort of range, again, $13 million to $23 million for the half year of impact next year. Now I should also point out that this is a gross impact, and that's before any mitigating actions that business takes to minimize its impact on us. And I guess just a final point of clarity, from an accounting perspective, this tax will appear as SG&A on our income statement.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, it is. That process is still expected to continue this month. As a reminder, we initially had expected that to start transitioning in February. But at the request of the DoD due to systems implementation they were making, it got deferred to May. So it will be a gradual ramp up as we bring on the various elements of that. But the timing you described is still accurate from the beginning of that ramp up.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I probably would answer that, just recognize we're sort of in the middle of some -- it's been a relatively tense legal period so some of that, of course, is associated with just the work around the legal, operational numbers are smaller.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: That -- the incremental operational cost was included in the $4 million of incremental cost that I described earlier. And that $4 million is composed of legal fees, other outside consulting fees, additional compliance costs and incremental transportation costs. So it's a portion of that $4 million.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: First of all, and to put things in perspective based on the range of guidance that we've given for the year, that implies the EPS growth rate for Q4, somewhere between low to mid teens to low 20, which I would still describe as a pretty robust rate of growth. And I'll also say that traditionally, Q3 -- in terms of sequential dollars, Q3 has always been our strongest quarter traditionally, and that remains the case. So one would naturally expect Q4 to be sequentially lower. And on the one-timers you described, I would agree that nuclear was somewhat unique to Q3, but I wouldn't describe the DEA issue necessarily being unique to Q3. Most of those costs are continuing this quarter up until today, and absence some sort of resolution will continue. Just stepping back and sort of talking about what are some of the major drivers of what would drive a sequential decline in dollars in Q3 to Q4. And again, some of this is quite typical, for example, by margin decline, and I would describe that as sort of our typical seasonal pattern that we see most years.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I think it's a great question. But as you know, we would never tell exactly if and when we're going to be repurchasing shares. I will say it's always an option, right? We do have that $450 million less -- left, I'm sorry, we do intend to be opportunistic about it. And depending on market conditions and us having an available window to purchase, et cetera, I think it's an option at any point.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Correct. We have no intention of changing our debt level at this point, or reducing our debt level at this point, let me put it that way. So no, it's really just a matter of being opportunistic and flexible.
