Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Kevin. And congratulations on your new role. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I am here with Dave Evans and I'd like to welcome him to his first call as our interim CFO. Dave has done a great job getting up to speed over the past few months. I'm grateful for his leadership and experience as we conduct our search for a permanent CFO. This morning, we'll cover our progress and our path forward. I'll start with a few high-level thoughts on the quarter and then Dave will cover the financials. I'll close with some thoughts on how we will build on the solid start to the year. We remain confident in our strategic direction as we focus on driving both efficiency and growth. Our Q1 performance validates our short-term progress and longer-term path. At the enterprise-level, our disciplined cost management is enabling strategic reinvestment across both segments as well as in critical, functional areas. In the Pharma segment, we're seeing early signs of positive trends. And although we still have work to do, we are making progress in key areas. In Medical, we're encouraged by early traction from our improvement efforts, as well as the initial returns from ongoing investments in our growth platforms. I'll share more about this work in both segments later in my remarks. But, first, I'll turn to Dave to walk you through our results and specific milestones we achieved in Q1.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, thanks for the question. I feel really good about the Med segment. They performed a little better than we expected in Q1 and really happy with the transition of Steve Mason in his role. He's done an excellent job of getting up to speed so far and really surrounded himself with a solid team. SG&A clearly was a component of our performance in the quarter. But there are multiple areas where we are working through various performance improvement. For one example, service levels now are not only back to where they were at the acquisition of patient recovery products, but are actually better than at any time while we've held the business. So, we've made a lot of progress in service levels. We're making solid progress on both SG&A and items that will really drive COGS. And we're in different innings on each one of those, but really happy so far with what we saw in the first quarter of Medical.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, thanks for the question. It broke up a little bit, Ricky. So, if I don't quite get the answer right, feel free to follow-up on that, particularly. I can't provide a lot of details on it. But, first of all, the settlement is spread over 18 years. And so, that's important to know. We continue to believe that that settlement is something that will be a consideration as we look at capital deployment, but not a limitation as to when we look at capital employment or investments. We do believe that the overall settlement framework is something that is supported by a bipartisan group of state attorneys general and it does provide a framework by which hopefully we can continue to not only get this behind us, but also get meaningful funds to the people that need it, begin looking at the distribution of the free goods that are out there and also look at other ways that the industry can work together to improve the overall monitoring of opioids. So, I'll stop right there and see if I was able to answer your question or not.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks for the question. It's too early for us to give any real comments on 2021 and beyond. I would just say that we feel really good about the progress that we made this quarter, both in investing in the growth areas that we've talked about, Specialty at Home and our services businesses, but also getting after our cost structure. I think Dave made a comment that's really important, is this isn't just a cost reduction, this is taking entire cost structures out in a way that they won't come back, that the culture and the way the leadership is working is really driving at prioritizing and focusing us on the right things, so we're spending dollars in the right space, taking advantage of digital technologies, robotic automation, AI, et cetera, in order to really drive our cost structure down. So, we feel really good about achieving our overall $500 million number, our $130 million number for this year and really have this built into our overall culture. But, again, it's just too early for us to make comments on 2021 and beyond, but we feel that we are not only getting after our cost structure, but investing for growth, which is really important.
Mike Kaufmann: Wouldn't say anything changed. Let me just step back and make sure that we're on the same page. As you know, a few weeks ago, we settled with two Ohio counties, which, by doing that, enabled us to move forward with this framework. That was an important component of being able to get that behind this, so all of the parties involved in the global framework could move forward and begin working on. So, that's an important thing to know. We clearly have a global settlement framework and structure with the $18 billion over 18 years with our component being $5.56 billion. We've also agreed upon distributing the free treatment medications for 10 years and we've agreed that, when we get this behind us, we can all work together to look at the way state, federal government, distributors, everybody work together to monitor opioid shipments and uses, so that we can work together. We think the desire and – if we can get this behind us, how we'll bring meaningful relief in both funds and distribution of treatment medication to the people that need it is important, and so we feel positive that folks will work hard on this to get this going. So, again, nothing specific, but our belief is that the way this is structured that this is the right accounting for us at this point in time.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, good question. I would say this. You could probably put them in many, many buckets. Well, let me put them in three broad buckets. There's state, there's the political subdivisions, the counties, the cities and then this will become more private plaintiffs, which might be pension funds or individuals and those things. This global framework is put together to settle on the first two, all of the state claims as well as the cities and all the political subdivisions. And the accrual that we put on the books is to represent the global framework we did for those first two buckets. That third bucket, which there is also still suits out there, are very different and it's a mixture of different things and those are still out there and will be things that we will have to address going forward.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, thanks for the question. No, I would say that Cardinal is not doing anything different. This is just our understanding and belief of the way the global framework is set up that we believe the accounting that we've done is appropriate for the circumstances in our – on that. 
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, it's really hard to actually predict timing, but it's not something that we think is going to get done tomorrow. There is work to be done. And as I mentioned, we believe settling the two counties, getting that behind us and allowing the state AGs to begin the process of working with the political subdivisions, plaintiffs, attorneys, et cetera, that that process has begun and we're fully supportive and we'll do what we can to help in that process. And it will take some amount of time, but it's really hard to predict what that will be.
Mike Kaufmann: And as far as the cash flow impact goes, Lisa, as you said, while it's spread over 18 years specifically, how it will be paid and funded each year is still being worked out. So, it's hard for us to give you any real color on the exact timing and impact of cash flows. But as you can imagine, we spread it out over time in order to be able to still manage our business effectively going forward.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, it's an interesting question. It's one of those things that it's probably a little too early to get into a lot of detail. This is something that I can remember working on 15 years ago when we thought it was going to be imminent and working on setting up all of the capabilities internally to help make sure that, if it did happen, there would be a safe supply chain. And I think the focus on re-importation has to be on patient safety. And I think that Cardinal was as well-positioned as anybody that, if this were to get some legs, that we would be able to work with folks to help make sure that any re-importation was done on a safe basis. It's hard to imagine that it could be material in any way to affect our businesses, but if it did happen, I think Cardinal was well-positioned to help any of the folks that would do that.
Mike Kaufmann: No, those comments were not meant – so I'm really glad you asked, were not meant to talk about the small customers. This was really about the bankruptcy of Fred's and the continuing restructuring of the Kmart account – two accounts that we've had that we've been managing over time that were both generic buyers of ours. And as those volumes declined due to their financial situation, that has had some impact on us. But that's really what we were referring to in those comments.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, it's a great question. That would be an area that is still looking to be defined yet, but, essentially, they're one of the folks that's settling in the case, is contributing free goods is the essential idea here. And the thought is that the three distributors would agree to distribute those free goods to the people that need it. None of the actual cost of distributing those free goods, because we don't have enough information on that, are included in our overall accrual. That being said, we at this time don't think that would be material, but don't have enough information to know. But the concept is just being able to take those drugs and then using the efficiency of our overall supply chain of the distributors to get those to the folks that need them most.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. First of all, I would say that – I wouldn't say that – remember, this is a consideration. So, we don't see it necessarily as a limitation, but, clearly, once we understand the flows of the cash over the 18-year period, we're going to have to take that in consideration in all of our capital deployment pieces. But let me turn it over to Dave to give you a little color on our thoughts around the rating agencies and what we could talk about.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, that's a tough question to really talk about. So, I'll give you a little bit of color. A few things come to mind. I'll talk about it from both sides. First of all, I think our – all of our customers are – are there a few one-offs like a Fred's and a Kmart? Yeah. But as we look, our retail independents, in general, have stayed at roughly the same number over several years now. They continue to find not only ways to work through the reimbursement challenges, but to continue to find other ways to compete in the marketplace, whether it be through packaging, through additional services, through front end, through just the high quality service that they give every day. And I think the chains continue to do the same through automation and other programs themselves. So, I think that the chains, including the independents, all of the retail pharmacies, continue to be an important component of getting pharmaceuticals to patients. And so, it's something we're always going to keep our eyes on, but I think they've learned how to compete in this marketplace. As far as on our side, we have seen some improvement as we said in the market dynamics around the sell side pricing side. Remember, our generics program is made up of four components and we've always said it's sell side, buy side, launches and overall volumes with our customers. Because of some of the customers we've mentioned, we've seen a little bit of weakness on the volume side than we expected. And the new item launches, as you know, are always highly fluctuating and can change. That's been a little less than we expected so far this year. And all that netting together, our generics program came in about as expected.. 
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, thanks for the question, Kevin. Look, it's still too early to tell. As I said, this global framework does only impact the first two buckets. There is no accrual or ability to even estimate and understand the size of the last bucket that we talked about. But as far as the global framework, we have to separate both the accounting and the likelihood of this getting done in our mind and this framework is something that we support. We like that it's being supported by a bipartisan group of AGs and it's something that we're behind, but it's still too early to tell you whether or not it will be successful. But we do think not only is it something that we can support, and it has the support of them, but it's something that's important to the people that need it most because it will get dollars, free drugs and some potentially new processes out there that I think all benefit the country.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, that's something – it's one of the really key things going on in Medical that Steve and the team are leading. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, this restructure is a component of not only compensation and sales incentives, but also around how we go to market to best address selling to the customers they want – to our customers, the way they want to be sold to. So, we did a lot of work out talking to and understanding the way our customer base would like us to come to them and how they would like to be serviced. And so, this restructuring was highly defined by a lot of detailed work. We started to – we put it in place in our Q1. And as far as incentives go, changing the jobs, interviewing folks for roles, both internally and deciding that, in some roles, we needed to go externally for the right level of talent the way we want to work and we would expect that that entire restructuring will be done and behind us by the end of our Q3 and that we would start to see benefits from that next year in FY 2021. So, we're really excited about it and like the progress we're making.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. We're really pleased to be off to a solid start to our FY 2020 and we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. Take care, everyone.
David Evans: George. Thanks for the question. Look, I think the way we're thinking about this is, we're really pleased with the first quarter results. I'll start with that. It certainly gives us increased confidence in the full year. At the same time, I'd say we're very cautious and that we're only one quarter into the year. So, we've got some pretty significant assumptions out there that are still left open – for example, brand inflation – and there's also a lot of other key kind of environmental assumptions that we're making that could change. So, our view is, at this early stage in the year, there's just no reason to be changing our full year guidance. We'll certainly be in a much better position to do that after our next quarter earnings call.
David Evans: We did see the full quarter. And we have not provided any specificity in terms of the annual impact of that contract renewal.
David Evans: Yeah, absolutely. So, I'd say – first of all, we said modestly lower. And we think about that, we think about a variety of factors that could change from quarter to quarter. One, for example, would be our SG&A spend. We've got a large inventory of investment opportunities to drive long-term improvements, and those are ramping up. And so, the level of the spend, the pace of that spend, we expect to increase in our second quarter.  Further, we've talked about the CVS and the Kroger's contract renewal being effective July 1st, we do have other contract renewals in much smaller scale, but yet other contract renewals will be occurring in the second quarter and throughout the year. And finally, I would also say that we have some customers that have experienced difficulty either through bankruptcy or other financial distress where we're expecting some modestly lower volume in the second quarter than the first quarter. And as that volume declines, we'll capture our fair share of that, but we'll only capture our fair share of that is our current assumption. So, there's a lot more depth in that, but I'd say those are some of the headlines that give us some reason to believe that Q2 won't be just simply a mirror image of Q1.
David Evans: Yeah, Lisa. This is Dave. Thanks for the question. Look, the intent of this is consistent with the public policy and guidelines of the IRS and the state tax authorities to make this tax deductible. Having said that, the details and specifics of this agreement really just aren't there right now, to provide the level of precision that, ultimately, we'll have, nor is the complete clarity of the tax code there at this stage. So, from an accounting perspective, we just followed accounting guidance and established what we believe is an appropriate reserve for what will be tax deductible. But that, I would say, will continue to become more clear as time marches on and the specifics of both the tax code and the settlement offer become more clear.
David Evans: Yeah, Bob. That's absolutely correct in terms of the second half of your statement. We will be lapping in the fourth quarter a reasonable charge that should be non-recurring.  With respect to the balance of the year, we have not built in – as we said last quarter with the full-year guidance, we've built in nothing with respect to the med device tax. So, if it doesn't come to fruition, then that's consistent with the guidance we provided. And, clearly, if it does, then that's going to be a headwind we're going to have to manage through. Tariffs are just such a dynamic topic that we've done our best to offset the tariffs that are in effect now. But that, again, is changing. So, I'd say if that would completely cease any further dialog around tariffs, then what's been announced today, we've more or less been able to manage through that. What I would say is there are still a lot of other SG&A initiatives that Mike talked about that do have a longer runway and, therefore, they aren't necessarily all – the cadence isn't equally distributed amongst four quarters.  I'd really highlight some of the supply chain initiatives that have a long runway and won't necessarily bear fruit for – it could be two, three years, but we are incurring costs to begin to plan for those this year. And as well, the sales force restructuring that we've discussed as well is kind of in-flight through the course of the year. So, that's not something you can just kind of ratably divide it by four and say it's going to be equal in terms of the cost or the benefits. So, look, you're right in that the fourth quarter does have a tailwind this year and the fact that this is non-recurrence of a charge, but we just – we feel, I guess, I'd say, cautiously optimistic for the year based on the first quarter, but feels too early at this stage, given all these variables that are out there to call anything up at this early stage.
David Evans: We've got two components. The primary two components. Of course, our pro rata share of $18 billion and then there's the pro rata share of the two Ohio county settlements. The remaining small difference relates to – I believe we may have spoken in the past about, which is in our med supply business, our Cordis business, the IVS product, which we continue to accrue for a loss, continue to see on that as well. It's a fairly small number, but that – if you get to the third decimal digit, that's where you're going to find, is the IVS…
David Evans: Look, first of all, we've got good relationships with the rating agencies and we stay in close contact with them. So, it's continuous dialog.  Second, our investment grade credit rating is very important to us. So, it's something that we value and we'll continue to monitor and manage – to maintain that.  Let's say, when you look at the leverage, the numbers that you're citing, a couple of factors. One, recall, this year, we've committed externally to de-levering by at least $1 billion. So, as we look forward on this, that number will be coming down. And second of all, I'm not sure – I'm not going to speculate on the credit rating agencies or opine on where they're going to land, but I think there's multiple scenarios between saying this is zero liability or it's the book accounting accrual liability. For example, you could look at – it's just a discount in future cash flow of all the future years' payments, which nets you a number that's quite a bit smaller than the headline $5.6 billion. So, we'll see how the credit rating agencies opine on this, where they land. But at this point, I'd say we'll be focused on this. We will make a substantial bite of the apple this year and we'll continue to monitor this in the broader scheme of our capital allocation policy in the years ahead.
David Evans: Yeah. Look, we have not provided cash flow guidance in the past and we didn't provide it this year. So, I'm not going to speak to that. It's just – I'd say, if you look at the fundamentals, the fundamentals are not structurally different than last year. We continue to work on our working capital efficiency initiatives. We continue to drive strong cash flow. You will see anomalies based on a point in time, but I wouldn't say we expect anything materially different year-over-year without providing a finer point to it in terms of giving you any specific guidance.
David Evans: Yeah, I understand your question. I think what I – look, when we make GAAP, non-GAAP adjustments, that's for when we have an expense or a credit in the current period P&L that we add back or subtract out to get to non-GAAP. In the case of this opioid accrual, we won't have a P&L charge in future periods. So, there won't be anything to add back to get to non-GAAP earnings. Now, I suppose – I think you will look at this from a cash perspective and certainly everyone can model the cash flow impact for the next 18 years, but that's separate from – it just won't really be in the equation in terms of a GAAP versus non-GAAP adjustment because it won't be a charge in future P&Ls. So, it won't be anything to add back .
David Evans: Yeah. So, first, with respect to the medical device tax, we don't have complete clarity on this. So, I don't have a precise answer for you. But I would say that, on an annualized basis, we believe it could be in the neighborhood of $40 million to $50 million on an annual basis. Okay? So, if we look at for – if it's effective in January, the second half of the year, you'd pro rate that. Again, I'll just kind of caution that that's based on a lack of perfect clarity and information. And so, if that were to actually happen, we'd be prepared to provide a more precise answer to that at that stage. The second question was related to FX. Look, we have FX that shows up in different areas of our P&L. We have some that's showing up in the segments. And then, you may have noticed in interest and other, we have other changed a bit, and that's principally driven by FX. I would say that, on a net basis, FX in the first quarter was reasonably neutral, was not a material driver positive or negative. I think the team is doing an excellent job in managing this and navigating through this as appropriate.
David Evans: Yeah, I know. I apologize. So, commodities, for us, in the first quarter, I'd describe them as a small headwind. They were a headwind, but not in a material way.
