Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the question. I appreciate it. It was strong revenue growth in the quarter. As I mentioned, it was really because we're aligned with I think some very strong growing customers. So it really wasn't materially new business. It was really coming from existing customers who had strong revenue growth in the first quarter. And as Jorge said, it was several things. It's just a little bit too early for us to be looking at these as trends because we know there are some upcoming headwinds with some things we're lapping, as we built into our plan. So at this point in time, we're pleased with the first quarter, but again, a little bit too early for us to call it out as a trend, but we'll continue to evaluate that.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think we obviously did see some drop-through from it. It's coming from larger customers that are going to be lower margin rate customers, so that's one thing to keep in mind. A lot of it's going to be on lower margin branded business because it's higher dollars, and so that doesn't have as high a margin rate. And as Jorge said, there are some other puts and the takes in the quarter such as extra opioid spend and a few other things that are all netting out. So we did see some drop-through, but there are several different puts and in the quarter. Thanks for the question.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, so since I'm not 100% sure whether you're referring to upstream or downstream, I'll just address both to be helpful. Downstream-wise, as we've said in the past, we continue to evaluate our pricing models to make sure that we are looking at the various product classes and pricing them appropriately. So basically, while we will always continue to bundle price to some degree on the Pharma side, we're trying to break that bundle down as appropriate to drive the right behaviors and protect us from margin erosion and make sure that contracts going forward are both we're getting paid appropriately and mix changes don't impact us as much going forward. And so we're working and continuing to do that. I know you've heard us and many others talk about things like Specialty and those. We're continuing to just refine that pricing model downstream. Second thing is, if you go upstream, it would depend on the manufacturer. I'm very comfortable with the current model priced on black, like it is with the DSAs as long as we're being paid appropriately and the dynamics work as they're supposed to. The area where we're most likely to change our pricing models upstream is in the contingent margin agreements with manufacturers. If the manufacturers are going to have lower price increases or different price increases than expected per what we calculated to be our fair payment, then we're going to have to adjust those models. And we're constantly having conversations with those manufacturers to make sure not only this year we'll be paid appropriately, but going forward that those deals reflect a proper value of what we provide to them. Thank you, next question.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the question. I'll let Jorge go through the details. I just want to say, though, remind everybody, we are very excited about the way Patient Recovery is going so far off of the TSAs, and we are seeing very good performance there and making some good progress. But there are some puts and takes that I think would be helpful that Jorge will give you a little more color.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I'll mention a few things and then, Jorge, if I miss anything. First of all, remember, our Q3 is always seasonally high. And at this point in time, we are still expecting the amount of branded inflation that we essentially originally forecasted or budgeted for the year in Q3. And we have had a lot of conversations with the manufacturers that are contingent and still continuing to believe that that is the right assumption. We've said that if we're off by a couple percentage points, that could be absorbed within our guidance range. But at this point in time, we are still assuming that based on conversations that we're having and compared to what we plan to have. So remember that Q3 tends to be bigger. The second thing is that we are ramping up our cost initiatives. And so those grow and create benefits for us over the rest of the year. And then we have some other initiatives that we continue to work on. And I don't know, Jorge, if you would add anything else to that.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the question. I'll start and then turn it over to Jorge. First of all, I just want to step back from this whole thing and tell you that Cardinal just cares deeply about this whole opioid abuse issue and the impact it's having on families and communities. We understand it's a complex and multi-faceted problem. Many parties are involved, and we're working with all of them to help find solutions. We want to be part of the solution. We're sure, as complicated as it is, we're going to continue to focus on that. We do want to continue to always remind folks that we're not the ones that control the supply or demand for opioids. We don't promote. We don't manufacture and we don't prescribe. So I think just stepping back for a minute, that's really important. Specifically to the costs that we're incurring and expect to incur this year between the opioid and litigation spend, let me have Jorge give you a little bit of detail on that.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the questions. I would say it comes from a couple different angles. First of all, from an expense standpoint, we're saying everything is on the table. And as it relates to there, just because we've been doing something this way in the past doesn't mean we're going to continue doing it. We're looking very aggressively at things such as putting robotic automation in place to be more efficient, looking at blockchain, other things like that. So we are looking at all types of automation and activities, streamlining, spans, and layers to get aggressively after our cost structure. We're also looking aggressively at the way we contract both upstream and downstream. And just because again we've been doing something one way in the past, we're looking hard at that. And that's not just what we typically talk about, which is the Pharma segment, but very much so also in the Medical segment. We are very much looking at the fact that we need to do category management in a much more disciplined and aggressive way than we ever have, because we believe that it's actually not only just better for us, but much better for our customers, because when we carry fewer SKUs and can drive higher service levels and better costing, it allows us to operate more efficiently in our distribution centers. It allows us to be a better partner with the manufacturers that we partner with. And most importantly, we can provide better service levels and better costing to our downstream customers in Medical. And that is something that we need to be aggressive at and look at. It's not something you can change overnight, but it is something that is clearly on the table. And then I would say in the third bucket is around the businesses. We are putting a lens on every business that we have. We are being dispassionate about how long we've had it, why we've had it, where it's at. Can we win, are we best positioned to be a winner with that business, and what are the growth prospects of that business? And we are doing, as you can imagine, a very detailed analysis on each one of our businesses. And we look at them, and when appropriate, we will work through the appropriate either exits, partnerships, or growth if we think it's an area for us, then we want to double down. And so we are being very fact based and not emotional or stuck to anything that we do.
Michael C. Kaufmann: One thing I'll add that just might be a little bit helpful is remember, some of our larger customers also they still warehouse and buy the products from us. So it's hard to over one quarter when they can be adjusting their inventory levels up or down to all of a sudden determine that's a trend for a whole year. And so as I said, we're comfortable that we're aligned with strong growing customers. Remember that sometimes just on the days of the week or the timing of some of their decisions around inventory, it can cause revenue to fluctuate a little bit, and we just want to be prudent to let some more time pass and feel that it's a little bit early.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yes, absolutely. We're having very active conversations with manufacturers. Whether it is launching an authorized generic but that acts actually more like a brand that we are looking at the unit rates that we are making and adjusting the percentage fees appropriately with those so that we don't lose net dollars. And we are having very positive and proactive conversations with manufacturers related to this because the value of what we do does not change as they make these large price decreases, and that we still need to get paid for the services that we provide. So we're having very appropriate, proactive, and I think good conversations with manufacturers around those types of items.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Absolutely, thanks for the question on that. I guess first and foremost, we're incredibly committed to Specialty. We've said that we had another really great quarter with Specialty. The business continues to perform very well, and it remains one of our key growth drivers. We've done exceptional job of growing the business, consistently double digits, both upstream and downstream to providers and manufacturers. I do want to emphasize, though, we still possess specialty pharmacy capabilities. We still have a full service specialty pharmacy that complements our Metro Medical dialysis products business, and we also have a non-commercial specialty pharmacy that is part of our Sonexus hub services business. This was just an individual specialty pharmacy that we got through an acquisition in the past that represented a very, very small portion of our Specialty Solutions business, and that we just didn't feel that we were in the best position to grow that particular piece of business. It was incredibly small, and to continue to grow it to reach competitive scale just didn't make sense for us. So it's very consistent in how we've talked about evaluating our portfolio around simplifying, playing where we can win, and being dispassionate about those types of things. But I want to stress that we are deeply committed to specialty, invested in several areas in specialty in this area, and continue to have scale in all the tools we need where we need to be and want to be in specialty.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think if I understand that right, that would be right. Everything that our current customers need, whether it's a provider or really manufacturer, we can service them. But having just a separate standalone specialty pharmacy and competing in that environment with these dynamics just didn't – it was again, incredibly small, very minor to our earnings that it just didn't make sense to continue to hold on to that. And we believe that we sold it to someone else that can do very well with that and add to the scale they already had.
Michael C. Kaufmann: As you can imagine, we are looking at that. We have communicated to manufacturers that there will be some changes in the way we would expect to operate going forward. We plan to work with them and with our provider customers. But we will and have – we will be making changes and have had discussions and communicated with manufacturers around that. Specifically what the details are, I'm not comfortable going into those exact details. But as you can imagine, we would expect to mitigate the cost of that assessment going forward.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thank you very much. I just want to end with thanking all of you for your questions. And most importantly I want to wish you all some enjoyable time with family and friends over the holidays. Take care, and I'm sure we'll be seeing many of you.
Jorge M. Gomez: Sure. On the first question about tax and Cordis, if you recall, back in Q3 our tax rate was – Q3 of last year our tax rate was very high as a result of some issues that we experienced with international legal entities for Cordis and how the profitability was looking at that time. We took pretty decisive action at that point and we began a process to restructure the legal entities that basically are the basis for the business of Cordis outside the U.S. We began the first set of execution of steps in Q4. And as you may recall, we had actually a very favorable tax rate in Q4 of last year, and that was the result of the first steps that were executed. At that point, I also indicated that we had not finalized that project; that we would finalize it in Q1, which in fact we did. And as we completed the final steps in that restructuring, we also experienced some further discrete items that benefited the rate in Q1. So that process related to restructuring those legal entities is now finalized, and we basically went back to the place we wanted to be of the structure of legal entities outside the U.S. So that's what happened there. With respect to Cardinal brand cost, there are a few things going on. And as you probably have heard from others, there's some substantial increases in market cost of commodities and other supplies in that business. So that has created some cost pressure. We also had in the quarter some elevated costs related to TSA-related expenses, the assets from TSAs with Medtronic, those supply chain costs, and FX was a slight headwind in the quarter net-net for the Medical segment as well. And then finally, I'd say as it relates to cost within Cordis, we have talked about this a couple of times, but in manufacturing we have some headwinds, primarily manufacturing outsourcing costs. As we have indicated before, we have a very good plan to bring inventory balances for Cordis down to the levels that we think are sustainable and reasonable for this business. And as a result of that, production levels have come down, have slowed down, and that creates an accounting impact related to absorption that is reflected as a headwind from a cost perspective in that business.
Jorge M. Gomez: I think we're thinking about this cost pressure not only related to Cordis but commodities and other parts of our cost basis within Medical. That will continue over the next few quarters. There are issues around nitro prices and other commodity prices. We're doing a lot of things to manage that exposure. We hedge where we can. We're managing inventory levels. We are trying to use pricing as possible to offset some of those pressures, but we expect that it will continue over several quarters. But again, all of those cost pressures are captured within our assessment of our guidance for this year. So all of that is contemplated and it will be a headwind, but it's included in our guidance.
Jorge M. Gomez: My comments about Q2 was enterprise-level first, and I said that we expect the performance in this quarter, in Q2, to be in line with Q1 from an operating earnings perspective. That was my comment. From an EPS perspective, there's the tax rate. It's something that, as we have indicated before, it can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. But overall for the year, we still think that the tax rate is going to be very close to – within the range that we talked about before. But operating performance in Q2 we believe sequentially is going to be very similar.
Jorge M. Gomez: Hi, Steve. Thanks for your question. Yeah, it's hard to give an overall inflation rate for the entire basket of commodities because of timing issues and all the actions that we take, and so it's hard to give an overall number. But I would say that the inflation pressures on those items are high, and we are working really, really hard to minimize the impact, but it's something that in the last several months has increased substantially. But as I said before, based on our projections, when we look at each of the products and the projections for the rest of the year, we believe that based on the forward curves that we see of inflation for those products, we can certainly manage that within the guidance for this year.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah so clearly, we are exposed to both direct inflation on the products that we buy to make our products, but we also have the exposure related to finished products that we buy. So the best example is exam gloves, which has experienced a lot of inflation in the last several quarters, first due to supply disruptions, and now it's more about the actual cost of the raw materials. So we track both. Obviously, the direct exposure is easier to hedge and to manage. The indirect exposure we try to handle through contract negotiations, inventory levels, and other operational actions.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah, Ross, the first thing I would say is, so we have been very transparent about the performance of the Medical segment. And excluding Patient Recovery, the step up, we are down in the quarter for the Medical segment. Mechanically, if you remember, first you need to deduct naviHealth and China. So those are two elements that deduct from the growth in the quarter. Then we have several businesses within Medical that are actually performing really well. I mentioned at-Home services. Those are businesses that are growing. And so, as you think about the rest of the year and the ramp, we believe and we are forecasting those businesses to help out the next several quarters from a growth perspective. When we go down to Cordis, Cordis from its top line perspective has grown for the last few quarters, and we are expecting and we're seeing that all the actions that we are taking in that business will contribute over time, over the next several quarters, to ramp the earnings of the Medical business. Patient Recovery, Mike mentioned this before. It's performing as expected, progressing well the integration. And as I said before, we feel very comfortable with respect to meeting the accretion goals that we talked about in the past. We have the challenges from a cost perspective. And I mentioned commodity, I mentioned supply chain costs. Net-net, including all of the puts and takes, we are comfortable with the trajectory of the Medical segment this year, and we think it will continue to ramp to deliver the numbers that we indicated in our guidance, the growth rate that we presented for the Medical segment. We feel good about that despite the cost challenges that we saw in Q1.
Jorge M. Gomez: What I can tell you, Ross, is sequentially, if I look at the magnitude of the earnings and the puts and takes from what is seasonal and what is not seasonal from Q4 to Q1 to Q2, we are not seeing anything that I would call out as special that could yield a result that was not based on our expectations, so we see a trend from Q1 to Q2. When I look at all the puts and takes from quarter to quarter, I don't see anything that is unusual from an operating earnings perspective. It is in line with our expectations, with the trends, with the progression that we are seeing for each of the businesses, including obviously the headwinds that we indicated we would have this year, including the headwinds related to generic deflation, customer contract renewals, those types of things. So all things considered, everything we shared with you guys and what we see in terms of drivers of the business, there is nothing unusual there from Q1 to Q2 that we would highlight.
Jorge M. Gomez: Thanks, Erin. So we indicated that we are targeting to achieve this year annualized cost savings of about $100 million. Those savings actually began to accrue in Q1. We implemented some labor initiatives as well as some spending policy initiatives as a first step, and those are in flight. They were implemented. And in Q1, whatever we had in budget we actually exceeded in Q1. Those initiatives will continue to ramp throughout the year, and there are other initiatives related to operating model and other zero-based redesign operating model in each that are kicking in, in Q2 and Q3. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I feel very comfortable about achieving the target that we set for fiscal 2019. I believe we will be actually overachieving that saving, and it will continue to ramp. When we exit fiscal 2019, we should be on or above $100 million in annualized cost reductions for the enterprise. As Mike indicated, everything is on the table. We're working on labor policy, zero-based redesign, all of those things, and we feel good about it.
Jorge M. Gomez: The first thing I would say is we just completed a $600 million share repurchase program. We paid out a dividend of close to $150 million. So our commitment to returning cash to shareholders I think is very clear. We will continue to balance our capital deployment following the same principles that we have followed in the past. We want to reinvest in the business when it makes sense. We'll continue to pay our dividend. We'll continue to do share repurchases depending on valuation and depending on excess cash. We are not going to sit on idle cash, and we want to keep up all of those options available to us, always with the intention of having a very prudent reasonable capital structure, financial flexibility, and returning cash to our shareholders. I don't think you should expect to see any changes, any significant changes from what we have been doing for the last several quarters and years.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yes, Mike. So just to clarify, the number that I mentioned in my prepared remarks was about $80 million of expenses related to both opioid litigation or opioid legal fees as well as the New York assessment that we are contemplating for the next few quarters. Within that number, I would tell you the majority of that number is related to legal fees.
Jorge M. Gomez: Yeah, I'm going to repeat something that Mike said with respect to revenue, so let me start with revenue. Clearly, we had a very strong Q1 with a growth of 9%. At this point, we don't want to extrapolate from that number. Our largest customers are growing really fast. They had a good quarter. That benefited us. Mike talked about that. When I look at the progression of the quarters, we expect the top line to have a healthy growth, in line with what we indicated in our guidance. And within the businesses, we have Specialty great Q1, and we're seeing good performance for the rest of the year. And the other pieces, we talk about that. You'd have branded inflation. Q3 is the key quarter for us. At this point, we don't have any reason to believe that that number that we have in the budget for Q3 is going to be different. I think we feel good about that. And then generic deflation will continue to be a headwind for the rest of the year, as we indicated in our guidance, and that's what we're seeing today. So there is no – in totality for the Pharma segment as well as, yeah for the Pharma segment in totality, what we are projecting now is in line with what we had initially contemplated for that segment.
