Jason Hollar: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Before we dive in, I'd like to take a moment to welcome Aaron Alt to Cardinal Health as our incoming Chief Financial Officer. We're excited to have Aaron on board. He brings a breadth of financial and operational experience to our organization, including a background in distribution and he's already hit the ground running in his first few weeks. I'm confident he will be a valuable addition as the leader of our finance organization, contributor to our executive committee and a seamless fit with our company culture.
Jason Hollar: Thanks, Aaron. Now let's begin with some high-level perspectives on the second quarter. Overall, our Q2 results demonstrated continued momentum against our plans. In Pharma, we've seen ongoing stability in the macro trends and underlying fundamentals of the business. In the quarter, we saw particular strength in overall pharmaceutical demand and strong performance from our Generics program. We've seen an increase in contributions from Specialty products, which is a key strategic area of focus. And we continue to effectively manage through the inflationary headwinds affecting industry supply chains. In short, Q2 was another data point that Pharma is a resilient and growing business. In Medical, we remain highly focused on our medical improvement plan initiatives. Overall, despite some puts and takes, Medical's Q2 results were consistent with our prior commentary, and we were pleased to see a return to profitability in the quarter. We continue to take actions to drive more predictable financial performance, in line with this business' underlying potential. At an enterprise level, we continue to see benefits below the operating line from our capital deployment actions and favorable capital structure. With the first half of fiscal 2023 behind us, we are pleased to raise our full year EPS guidance and outlook for the Pharmaceutical segment. Our team remains focused on executing our three key strategic priorities of executing on the medical improvement plan, building on the growth and resiliency of the Pharmaceutical segment and maintaining a relentless focus on maximizing shareholder value. I will update you on these priorities in a few moments. Before I turn it over to Trish to review our results from the quarter and revised outlook, I'd like to thank her for stepping in as interim CFO over the past six months. Trish has brought leadership and continuity to the organization and will be instrumental in ensuring a seamless transition with Aaron. Thanks Trish.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Hi, Lisa. I think you’re connecting all the right points there. That’s what we hear from our customers and broadly from our peers in the industry, is that there continues to be some constraints as to getting to the free level of demand there. And we do think that’s a component of what’s impacting the lack of growth that we’re seeing within medical. It’s impossible to tell definitively, but that’s the anecdotal feedback that we are hearing. To help provide a little bit of color around the impact and that’s why we – Trish had made some comments within her commentary there highlighting that we do anticipate a gradual improvement over the course, so not significant, but getting back to closer to more normalized level of growth. As a reminder, when we provided our medical improvement plan, we highlighted a 3% CAGR total volume growth over the three year period and we anticipated that about half that would be market growth, about half that would be our own innovation and capacity expansion plans for our products. So you’re talking about a couple percent type of growth that would be more normalized and that’s kind of differentiator between our more of a midpoint of our guidance to what would be more in the lower end, and that’s why Trish provided that type of clarity.
Jason Hollar: Yes. No, I think you have it generally right. Now remember that a lot of the part that we have control over is new product innovation and fast expansion. So that’s always an element of the three year plan I would expect to be weighted a little bit more towards the later end because it takes time to school up those investments and getting those products into the market. So we didn’t ever indicate it was a linear type of plan. And volumes, we have to be careful too that we’ve had a period here last two to three years that’s been incredibly choppy in terms of the volumes. Obviously down during the beginning of the pandemic and has come back for the most part. The last couple of quarters have been very predictable, very consistent types of volumes, but that’s – even that’s a bit of an anomaly from what we’ve had over the last few years. So presuming that that maintains then that’s the range that we should be thinking about. But if we get back to an increased level of volatility, which at this time we don’t foresee but that’s certainly a possibility as well.
Jason Hollar: Yes. I’ll start with your second question there because you nailed it. It’s really about cash balances. We don’t anticipate there being significant differences in the interest size. Let me just kind of step back. We have a very fixed interest expense for our debts. So our interest expense side is quite predictable and known. It’s really the interest income is the part that we’ve seen favorability in year-to-date and our cash balances were higher than anticipated over the first half of the year. We do have the $550 million note coming due here in March that we anticipate to pay down and there’s just a seasonal aspect of our cash flow as well. So we would not anticipate the same lower levels or I’ll say improved interest income that reduces our interest expense in the second half, like what we saw in the first half. So you should take away that we continue to have a very advantaged balance sheet, especially as it relates to the fixed variables mix of our debt. As it relates to pharma, it’s really more about volume than anything else. We’re not seeing a lot of other key variables underlying the dynamics within the generic business continues to be very consistent. We continue to see very broad-based volume strength. Q2 was certainly very strong quarter as it relates to volume and we saw that broad base, I referenced in my comments between Trish and I, brand, specialty as well as generics. It is a lot of volume drivers within that. And as we think about the growth in the second half of the year, it’s very consistent with what we had indicated at the beginning of the year. So our second half expectations remain consistent with what we had indicated before. A little bit less growth than what we’ve seen in the first half. And that’s just a reflection of, again, Trish’s comments that we anticipated being closer to more normalized level of growth in the second half. But if we maintain the same level of strength that we’ve seen in the last couple of quarters then there’s some opportunity behind of that. And then just other – one other comment there about the Q2, why it was so strong. If you’re thinking about it from a year-over-year perspective, we also just have the added points that we did introduce a new customer in the third quarter of last year. And that has been a nice tailwind for us the last four quarters. But this will be the last quarter until we start to lap that. So that’s part of the driver from a year-over-year perspective. And then, not significant, but there is an element of cough, cold and flu. That’s a nice little tailwind for the quarter. But at this point we don’t anticipate that being a driver for the full year. In fact, this could be a little bit of a headwind as it relates to Q3 specifically because it looks like the season is ending earlier than normal. So those are all the key moving pieces.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Thanks, Michael. First of all, overall I think it’s a balanced outlook that we have. I think a couple of the key drivers in the first half, second half I just went through on Elizabeth’s question. Interest expense is going to be higher. We expect to be higher in the second half. So that’s one of the components you’re thinking about from an EPS driver. And then pharma is a key driver as well, still solid growth in the middle of that range that we had at the beginning of the year. Not at the same pace of growth that we had in the first half, but still growth. And also just to kind of step back a little bit, and we had a similar level of growth, about 5% growth in the prior fiscal year. So now we’re on 18 to 24 months, a pretty consistent, stable, much more predictable type of growth that we’ve seen in that business as we’ve step farther and farther away from the pandemic. And we think overall that’s balanced. Of course, in the second half of the year there’s a meaningful step up in the Medical segment performance, and that’s of course being driven more than anything by the pricing on inflation and the first instance we would expect of cost stepping down as it relates to the international freight. But all the other drivers I think are fairly consistent with what we outlined. Question, please.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Thanks, Erin. Overall, first of all, as I think about fiscal 2023, it’s a fairly normalized level performance that we have in our current outlook. Again, growth for the reasons I highlighted is a little bit stronger in the first half than what is in our longer-term targets. And we’ve seen that very broad strength that I would not expect to continue long-term at that pace, especially when we consider that incremental new customer. The longer-term, I think what this year reinforces is that we’re on track for those long-term growth targets. Specifically to your question around COVID therapies and vaccines, you have it – your inclination is correct. We’ve participated very little on any of that. Over the pandemic, frankly, we’ve had more of a headwind than a tailwind because the volume impacts on our underlying utilization. Of course, we’re all the way through that at this point in time and have been so for about a year. So we’re at a very normalized level at this stage. As it relates to commercialization, I think all data points point to that beginning in the summertime, of course, after our fiscal year, so certainly no impacts for 2023. There would be some opportunities for 2024 and beyond. However, I’d highlight the types of products and vaccines we’re talking about historically outside of the pandemic have not been significant drivers of profitability. So it’s something that should be a tailwind, but I would not jump to the conclusion that it will be as significant as what we’ve seen in the marketplace for others, given how the government had isolated that and procured for that. So something we’ll keep an eye on and clearly something we’ll be providing some context for further as we understand it better and as we get closer to the – that point in time. And the one final point on that is even though the commercialization is scheduled for the summer, there’s certainly a lot of dialogue and uncertainty as to exactly how much a stockpile within the government and how long will it take for that to work through. So while it may go commercial, it could take us some time to actually see a pull in terms of non-governmental sources. Next question, please.
Jason Hollar: Sure. I’ll try George, but I’m afraid it’s going to sound very similar to what I said to Michael. Again, I feel good about the balance that we have here. I feel very good about the progress to date. We have growth – implied growth in the middle of the range for farming the second half of the year. So if volumes continue at a more recent pace, then we’d have some opportunity. On medical, a lot has to occur still for us to execute upon our plan. It’s very consistent with the plan. We have good step up expected to continue sequential improvements. This guidance provides us sequential improvement for each and every quarter throughout the year. We would anticipate the next quarter – next two quarters to have sequential improvements as it relates to the ongoing pricing for inflation, the ongoing cost reductions, a gradual improvement in volumes. But importantly the big step up will be in the fourth quarter as we see international freight, which is a very high confidence element now, given that we’re now less than six months by the end of the year. These lower costs are almost certainly going to flow – start to flow through our P&L here in the fourth quarter, still at levels well below the pricing we’re getting. But nonetheless, that’s a pretty well-known part of that equation. So a lot of action still in front of us, but the plan remains entirely intact. And so when you talk about the first half – second half, you’re implying there’s some difference somewhere. And I think the primary difference is related to the growth within Pharma, still growing. And maybe one other point that remember, Q4 of last year for Pharma was a very strong quarter – we had very strong growth. It was a good quarter, and that's one that we still anticipate there being growth on top of that this year as well and that low to mid single-digit range. So we feel good about where we're at. There's opportunity in Pharma. There's some things we got to watch out on Medical, and we continue to execute all the below line items very consistent to our expectations. Next question, please.
Jason Hollar: Terrific. Happy to do so. So on pricing, I would think about pricing as being a fairly stairstep process beginning back with our first temporary price increase in March 2022 so what we have – and when we first shared was the 20% mitigation of inflation soon after in the fourth quarter of last year, then that went to 25% in the first quarter of this year. And then now we're saying it's over 30%. So you can see that, that's a fairly consistent stairstep. And that's how I think about the pricing side, less on the temporary price increases going forward and more on the rotation to more renewals as they come up, and that's just a national function of where we're at in this process as we get farther away from the initiation of those temporary price adjustments. So a continuation of more of the same. How you get to a widening of that 30% to 50% by the end of the fiscal year is the costs starting to come down. So – and again, that's largely focused on the international freight. So pricing, I would expect to just continue blocking and tackling all the way through to the end of fiscal 2024 is where most of the prices will adjust. And that's why we indicate that we won't get to full mitigation until about that point in time. As it relates to private label, I think it's an interesting related question to pricing. Because yes, we want to work with our customers. All of our customers are dealing with challenges beyond the inflation in this category. They have actually much bigger challenges in other categories. And the desire on our part is to work with them if there's a possible win-win to find value in other ways, whether that is into more private label. It's – of course, we're doing everything we can to offset the increase – of the increases to start with to mitigate the inflation through other nonpricing means. And of course, part of this is also working with the supply base. And we indicated that we're working on the distribution fees as well so that the supply base does their part. We do our part and our customers are going to have to absorb this as well. So if the whole industry has to address this, and that's the collaborative approach that we're taking with it.
Jason Hollar: Yes, let me take that. So that comment was the growth rates were going to be even year-over-year. So you're exactly right, Charles, that there will continue to be the expectation of a normal seasonality. That largely comes from the brand inflation, albeit much lower than what it has been historically. We're still talking less than 5% contribution, but that is all in the third quarter. So sequentially, we would still expect the third quarter to have that element associated with it. Trish's comments were specifically related to the year-over-year growth rates being relatively equal between the two quarters.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yes. You can also go to our segments. But note, this is one of the two businesses we, every quarter, provide incremental revenue information on. And that business, I think, last year was $2.4 billion of revenue. And I believe, for both the first and second quarter, we grew it by around 9%. But again, you can look at the segment footnote to get the precise numbers each and every quarter.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yes, overall, the biggest component for this particular quarter and most quarters that we've seen more recently has been volume. I continue to use the statement consistent market dynamics that's referencing essentially the margin per unit. Yes, there's ongoing deflation, but the buy-side sell side continues to be relatively in balance. And so when we see a year-over-year driver, it's driven often by volume and/or mix. And we continue to see very broad strength across all the products, whether it be generics, brands, specialty – and so this particular quarter, we saw that as well. Again, not the biggest driver. But when I talk about cough, cold and flu, a lot of those products have gone generic. They're more mature products, so they do tend to carry with it a little bit lower margin price points, things of that nature. But that would be a component as well. But again, I'm only highlighting that, given how many questions we get on the topic, not that as a significant driver. But overall, the short answer is volume and mix.
Jason Hollar: Sure. So the theranostics business launched sometime last six, nine months, and we are starting to see now more of that contribution over the last couple of quarters. So it's in the ramp up phase. So we are seeing positive returns already on those investments. This is a business, a business case. And the thing about the nuclear business that is both wonderful and also at times a little bit frustrating is that the business is a long-term business. It means that we have good visibility long-term, but also it means that we have to wait until we can get that benefit. Theranostics has been something we've been working on since, well before I arrived here in the organization three years ago, and it's one that we're now seeing the fruits of all those investments and efforts from that team. As it relates to the second part of your question, Eric, I get lots of questions around trying to link our business, our nuclear business to specific approval, specific other drugs and therapies and how we can attach that. I would say that the beauty of this business and the success of this business is that it's not directly linked to a very specific particular outcome. We have broad expertise capabilities, we are not dependent on any one particular area, and is that diversification and of which we're seeing with the theranostics expansion being even more accentuated because we get to work with so many more manufacturers and partners that it just creates a broad opportunity for us to grow across the spectrum. So our business case for continued growth, our goal of achieving – doubling as a profit in this business from fiscal 2021 to 2026 is predicated on a lot of singles and doubles, not triples and home runs by, by attaching to a blockbuster type of drug.  So beyond that, we don't talk about individual drugs, individual manufacturers or products. And so like I said, I just don't think that's the real draw for this business is the breadth that we have and the broad capabilities.
Jason Hollar: I wish I had more clarity. I would say that it's a lot more stable than it has been over the last few years, and we have to break apart freight into the components. So within international freight that I believe was an anomaly that is unlikely to occur anytime soon, if ever again we need to be prepared for it. We have diversified our supply chain further as a result of the living through that. But where those costs are, they're still elevated in certain areas, right. The main China to North America channels are much, much lower, but there is now a lot of sourcing through other parts of Asia that are higher than historical levels, but nowhere near the peaks. So we're clearly seeing at least an 80% reduction of what those were at the peak. And certainly much closer to pre-pandemic levels. So as it relates to international freight, it's not my big worry at this point, and it's one that we have to continue to keep an eye on and manage. The more elevated remains the domestic transportation it's still – it's also down from its peak, especially as it relates to anything related to diesel fuel. So that's also off its peak, and we're seeing certain pockets of improvement, but it's still very elevated compared to pre-pandemic. And there, I have less confidence that it's going to materially reduce from here. There's a lot of inputs that go into transportation other than just diesel fuel. You have the equipment and the drivers all which are higher costs and they're not expected to come down any time soon. So I expect domestic transportation to be higher, longer, perhaps forever. And it's why we need to have permanent pricing is because that component. But on the international freight side, that is why we are not pushing for faster price increases right now is because we believe that will be coming down on our P&L this next quarter. And as we get through fiscal 2024, those two lines, the price line and the cost line will finally intersect and we can see that that will be fully mitigated. Question, please.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yes, it's absolutely meeting our expectations. It was a call out in terms of the broad volume that we had this last quarter. So we had strength across a number of many different categories and customers. We also called out double-digit growth within our sourcing and manufacturer services group which is a key component of the upstream elements of specialty. So the business is strong, it's large, it's growing nicely. We have – I think like the rest of the industry, biosimilars is a nice tail one that we're seeing, not large enough to call out as an individual driver. Our 3PL business, especially with the regulatory approvals being a little bit more normalized is well positioned. And we're continuing to invest in areas that will be growth opportunities in the future, whether that’d be cell and gene or just where value-based care is going. We have our Navista TS platform, so we're investing organically. And of course, within our inorganic, we've had a nice success with our Bendcare GPO and the investment in the MSO that I think has given us some additional opportunities to think about in the future as well. So not any 1 item to highlight, but there is strong breadth across many different pillars of the specialty business that we feel good is a very strong foundation and platform for future growth. I believe that was our last question. Yes. Thank you. And I'll...
Jason Hollar: Yes. Thanks. I appreciate that. Just to summarize real quick. I'm pleased with the continued stability in Pharma, as we just discussed here today. As well as the progress that we're making in the medical business. We are committed to executing on our key priorities, including maintaining a relentless focus on shareholder value creation. So with that, thank you and have a great day.
