Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Kevin. And good morning to everyone joining us. Before Jason and I discuss our results and outlook, let me share a few reflections. In my nearly 30-years as part of the Cardinal Health family, I have seen this company and this industry expand with new products, services and markets, evolve with technology, regulatory and model changes, and adapt when faced with external challenges. In each of these moments, we have demonstrated grit and agility. Now more than ever, we will lean on that legacy to navigate current challenges and perform our critical role in health care. In fiscal '20, we delivered on our commitments and demonstrated these traits. We grew operating earnings, exceeded our EPS guidance range, surpassed our enterprise cost savings target and strengthened our balance sheet, all while continuing to execute our long-term strategic priorities in a rapidly changing environment. We made strategic portfolio decisions, including divesting our remaining equity interest in naviHealth, as well as investing and partnering in the evolving growth areas of specialty, at-home and services. We achieved these results as we adapted our operations to address the unique challenges presented by COVID-19. We successfully transitioned our office employees to a remote work model, and we continuously maintained operations in all of our distribution facilities, nuclear pharmacies and global manufacturing plants. Through all of this, we kept our primary focus, delivering critical products and services to our customers and at the same time prioritizing the safety of our employees. As I look toward the coming year, I recognize that the global and industry dynamics resulting from the pandemic will continue to challenge areas of our business. I am confident that our team will continue rising to these challenges as we drive our strategic priorities forward. I'll provide some comments later about how I see these priorities evolving in fiscal '21 and beyond. But first, I'll turn to Jason to discuss the fourth quarter fiscal '20 and our outlook for fiscal '21.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. First of all, we're really excited that we were able to see Med grow this year. And if you adjust for COVID next year, we're excited that we have Med growing in the mid single-digits next year too. So we feel really good about the trajectory. I would say the main driver of being better or worse than where we expected is probably COVID-19 itself and the various impacts it could have on our business. First of all, if there's either major regional or an overall large shutdowns again of elective procedures, that's going to have a very negative impact on us or if it actually recovers faster or if we swing back to some pent-up demand, which - that's not what we're projecting, that could be some upside for us. So as Jason mentioned in his, we're really expecting the average high single-digits across the year in elective procedures being down for the year, high single-digits. We expect it to start higher. Obviously, we're exiting, we think from our external information and looking at ours somewhere in the mid-teens to high-teens exiting Q4 with elective procedures being down. And so we would expect to enter this year that way and then exit FY '21 at close to pre-COVID level. So that's kind of the trajectory that we see. But again, different than that, that would be the biggest potential driver. In Medical, you always have the potential driver of tariffs, FX and commodities. We're not expecting anything big on those. But as you've seen in past year, any one of those could swing one way or the other and create upside or downside. So that's probably what I would say would be the biggest potential drivers of variability in Medical.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. Again, I'll just emphasize what we've said here. We do expect to enter this year somewhere in the mid to high teens down on elective procedures. That's really more focused on acute than alternate sites, when we look at alternate sites, we don't have as good of data and information quite on where that's at, and it's not as big of a driver for us in Medical as the acute business is. So we do expect to enter somewhere in that mid to high teens negative versus prior year, but exit the year at pre-COVID levels with it, obviously then improving during the year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, thanks for the question. It's interesting. We did take a look at that business. We really haven't seen much impact on that business from the pandemic. Because if you think about it, it's people that are at-Home and so they don't really have a need for PPE there because they're essentially treating themselves. And so we continue to just deliver products to the home. So that's a business that continues to grow well for us. We see it as one of our strategic growth areas. We're absolutely going to continue to invest in it, and we do see care moving more and more to the home. But we really didn't see much from the pandemic affect it either negatively or positively and also be helpful. It's about a $2 billion top line business that, again, we feel great about.
Mike Kaufmann: That's a business that over the last several years has been growing somewhere in the high single to low double-digits, depending on the year and some of the various introductions of products, and we would expect that to be able to continue to grow like that grow forward.
Mike Kaufmann: It's always a great question. I would tell you that we continue to make progress on it while the COVID was happening. So conversations continue to happen between us and the various attorney generals in the states. But as far as anything that I can give you, I wouldn't say any major updates other than that we continue to make progress and have productive conversations. The spend of $100 million in FY '21 is essentially what we spent in FY '20. So we're not expecting any incremental additional spend in those fees. Thanks for the question.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. Let me start with Nuclear. Nuclear was the business in our P segment that was, by far, the most significantly impacted. It's a very high fixed cost business. And so as you can imagine, when your procedures go down, you still need drivers, you still need pharmacists, you still - and you have a raw material that you're getting less products off of because it is radioactive and so it's deteriorating. So that business was down significantly as we expected, but it did rebound a little bit better, just a little bit better than we expected as elective procedures started to come back a little faster. They probably track closest to elective procedures on the P side, is the Nuclear business. So we continue to believe in the long-term for that business. We continue to make investments in their theranostics opportunities with manufacturers. And we still really like that business, but it was one of the biggest tailwinds in our Pharmaceutical segment. As far as the brand component goes, really, what we're saying there is we expect inflation to be the same as it was this year, roughly. But because some of the fee-for-service arrangements and mix has changed a little bit, there'll be less of the brand margin that is contingent to inflation this year than we - in FY ‘21 than in FY ‘20, which it's already at 95% or so is at – already non-contingent. So we see that getting even a little bit higher in next higher in next year. So I'll end it there.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah, thank you. No, I wouldn't say there was anything unusual in there, nothing that I would call out other than COVID impact related to just the volumes. So it's hard to your comment, around whether it's driven by insurance coverage or those types of things. That piece has been kind of hard to figure out. But overall, our – the generics piece being down a little bit more in Q4 is really just related to COVID volumes.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. What we saw was really pretty consistent dynamics throughout the whole year, as we had mentioned a while back, we started to see some improvement of our Q4 of FY ‘19, and that just continued during the whole year. So it stayed improved. It bounced around up and down a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but generally, it stayed pretty consistent during the whole year. And we're just projecting that to be just a little bit better next year than this year, but relatively pretty consistent. And next year, we expect our overall generic program to be net tailwind, which it was this year, but I remember at the beginning of year we thought it would be a net headwind. So we were able to flip it around this year, and we expect it now to be a net tailwind for us in FY ’21.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. We've been talking to outside consultants, been talking to our customers, senior execs there. You can imagine to a lot of folks to try to put together our thought process. So I believe it's really well informed, but it's hard for anyone to know for sure. But our take is that we won't see any of our businesses, Med or Pharma, back to pre-COVID levels until we're exiting our fiscal ‘21. So in that May, June time frame of next year. And again, as we said, start out on electives in the mid to high teens, working its way up. And then on physician office visits in more the mid single-digits down and working its way up. So that is based on a lot of discussions with folks. And I don't think we're hearing - there was a lot of early comments around pent-up demand and potentially going above a 100%, but as we talk to people when they think about the ability to drive throughput the physique folks willing to back to the hospitals et cetera. We are not really hearing people talking about that pent-up demand kind of coming through like we did before. So that’s why we think we are just getting back to kind of pre-COVID levels.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it's a great question. As Jason mentioned in his script, when we think about the headwind in Medical around COVID, part of it is related to actual volumes of elective procedures and part of it is related to cost increases on certain categories of PPE. So to your point, we are seeing price increases on PPE, some of them incredibly significant on key categories. And so we've seen those now for a couple of months. As you can imagine, we've been having to procure some inventory at higher cost. And one of the things that we never want to do, if we can help it, is to pass on price increases to our customers. We really just view our job as being able to drive down cost for them and help them do that. But in order to balance the ability for them to be able to actually have products to protect their workers and for us to be able to procure them, we have had to acquire some product at higher prices, and we are working with our customers to adjust our pricing to them appropriately. This is not an area where we look to profit from this. This is something where we would look to try to just maintain our margin dollars in the area. And so we want to work very collaboratively with our customers. But there has been and will be a need for at least a period of time for us to work with them to adjust some pricing in certain areas of the PPE.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. And you appropriately highlight that there was some volatility within the fiscal year '20 as well as we saw in Q3 very strong cash flow, as a lot of that volume surge benefited us and we sold out of inventory and a little bit of the carryover effect then for Q4. So when you look at the two quarters together, I think they're relatively indicative of what you should expect. I think the one thing to keep in mind, I think we've been very consistent about the day of the week in which the quarter and the year ends is very important to us. And for fiscal year '20, it was more adverse compared to many other years in just in terms of how the calendar fell. So at this $2 billion level, I think it's a little bit low from a calendarization perspective. And I think next year, fiscal year ‘21 will be a little bit more normal in that regard. And all other things being equal, I'd expect it to be a little bit better. But then, of course, it all comes down to other factors that may impact the underlying cash flow.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. Right now, from a flu season standpoint, we're just expecting a normal flu season. We've not built in anything different from that. As far as vaccines go, we are obviously, like everyone, very hopeful that a vaccine will become available. We're very excited that, that could happen. We know that we have the absolute capabilities to be part of the solution of getting vaccines to folks and would expect and hope that we would be part of that. But even if we were, we don't see that as a big upside in terms of earnings, if there was a vaccine to distribute. So I think from those two standpoints, that's how I would see those two. In July, you mentioned July. What we're seeing in July really is just basically on track to what we said, what are our expectations that we would enter the year, like we said, on electives in that mid-teens to high teens and then grow. And there's nothing in July that would indicate that the current assumptions that we have built into our plan aren't playing out.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. It's a great question. It clearly has changed our thinking a little bit on our global footprint. Many of the plans that we had planned are still moving forward because a lot of our products that we actually manufacture or sell are higher end or are type of surgical types of products. And so we're continuing down that line. But as far as our far as our PPE production, I would say we're looking at a couple of different things. One is, we're evaluating the countries from which we're sourcing to make sure that we're not overly dependent on any single country or product type. And so that we will look at that because, for example, a lot of gowns were produced in China. And going forward, we want to make sure that we have a more diverse supply chain, not only overall, but for individual items. So that's one. Two is we've been - have Many of the been and will continue to increase our own capacity for the production of certain products like mask, which is an area where we made investments and have increased our productivity. And then we will take a hard look at the US. We would love to be able to do more production in the US. However, we need to make sure that we're listening to our customers and balancing their need to have lower costs with where we're manufacturing product and what's going on there. So we're going to continue to evaluate that, but continue to ramp up. And then also, we're going to evaluate the inventory levels that we carry so that we can work with customers going forward around levels of safety stock. So those are some of the different things we're looking at in our supply chain, and we'll continue to make some tweaks as we move along.
Mike Kaufmann: Great. Well, first of all, thanks for all the questions, and we really appreciate all of you joining us this morning. And on behalf of the entire Cardinal Health family, we hope you and your families stay safe and well, and we look forward to speaking again to you sometime soon.
