George Barrett: Hi, Bob. Good morning. Yes, actually my comments really were about the overall pricing environment. So, I was talking about sell side as well. And here is my perspective, there are, as I mentioned, number of factors coming together to make this a bit of a unique moment. So, we are not going to overreact to that moment. Our position, our plans for growth really aren’t different than today than they were 6 months ago. Our value proposition is very clear. We are an extraordinary attentive partner to our customers. We have a unique ability to follow the patient across the continuum of care. The service offerings are extensive, that’s what is part of our positioning. So, that’s I think important to stay upfront. But no, I think we are describing some similar characteristics to what you described.
George Barrett: Yes. Thanks. Good questions. And I would say that’s really kind of across the board. It just depends on the individual manufacturer. As you know, about 15% of our branded margins are based on a contingent basis, which means that generic or a branded inflation is a piece of the driver of the value that we receive. And every one of those where we are not getting the value that we believe we should be compensated for the services that we deliver. We are having discussions with the manufacturers. Some of those are going to move quicker than others depending on contract date and based on prior discussions with those manufacturers on how those deals will arrive. And so you can imagine with every manufacturer where we believe we are being compensated less than we should have been or should be we are working with those manufacturers.
George Barrett: Yes. I would say clearly, the number one offset to what we are seeing in the competitive pricing generics has been and should continue to probably be Red Oak Sourcing. I continued to be impressed with the team there, the depth of talent that we have on the team, the way they are looking at things, the creative ways they are working with manufacturing partners. And CVS Health couldn’t be a better partner working together with us to drive value at Red Oak. So Red Oak would continue to be a positive driver for us when it comes to offsetting that.
George Barrett: Yes. We have said that we have lots of different things. One of the things that I think is really helpful for Cardinal in general is our broad portfolio. So while we are seeing pressure from generic pricing and as I have said, to a lesser extent, branded inflation, when you look across the rest of the P segment, whether it would be how we are performing particularly in specialty, how we are getting in working through with Nuclear and some of our other components within that business, we continued to drive value in other areas. As you can imagine, when you are in a challenging environment like that, everyone, whether you are in P, M or corporate, is focused on expense control and making sure we are very diligent on those types of things. And so we have that benefit. As I mentioned, Medical is continuing to do very well. We expect them to have a very good year. And they are going – moving along as planned. And so I do think our broad portfolio of having Medical being able to drive some initiatives at a corporate level, which are going to show up at the end of the year, as well as some of the other parts of Pharma, are what we will be able to use. And using our balance sheet too, from a capital deployment standpoint through M&A and stock repo is how we are going to continue to manage the rest of the year.
George Barrett: Yes. Let me try a couple of things and feel free to follow-up with another question if I miss it, but a couple of different things. First of all, I hate to ever comment on our competitors’ numbers. Well, I just want to be careful with those. But remember, mix matters. And what I mean by mix is how much of their mix may be brand and generic versus our mix. If you look at the other components of our Pharmaceutical Distribution segment with our growth in specialty, nuclear and other things, so it’s hard to comment on all the various moving parts of any of our competitors on what’s in those segments. Second of all, I think you hit on something which is customer re-pricings and we didn’t have very few – we have basically a very few major re-pricings this year and obviously, over the next couple of years, we don’t have a ton of those. We are in pretty good shape, particularly with some of our larger customers. And I think that may be a different thing as where we are seeing some of our competitors may or may not have more large re-pricings with some of their customers, which can affect each one of us in different timing within the years. And so I think it really gets back to mix of customers, timing of re-pricings. And those types of things can drive differences between each one of us, as well as maybe the expectations that we originally set at the beginning of the year and how we looked at things.
George Barrett: Yes. I think in some ways, a little bit of both, because a lot of their sales are into the independent market. You can imagine we are seeing some competitive generic pricing against our telesales business, which obviously is a little bit of a headwind for that group. But on the flipside, because we do have so many contacts into the independent and the regional chain space with our telemarketing business, it gives us a lot of competitive intel on what market price is. And we stay very focused to try and make sure that we are pricing at that market price and not trying to do anything outside of that, because we believe we have a great service offering that we don’t need to price below market in order to win and compete effectively.
George Barrett: So Ross, why don’t I start? First, let me start by saying we always operate in a competitive environment. That is the nature of our business. Obviously, I have been doing this as is Mike for quite some time. We have lived through multiple cycles for me and multiple parts of the industry. You see these periods. I mentioned that this is a bit of a unique moment. You have got all of the public discourse around healthier sides in Pharma, it’s loud and it’s emotional. And at the same time, healthcare is going through some changes. So, I don’t think it’s shocking that there is some near-term disturbance. Experience – my experience tells me that over time, you see some shifting out and just essentially settling of the dust. Sometimes, when aggressive moves don’t result in a much change or a value creation, then things just sort of stabilize. And so we have lived through different cycles in the past and that’s what I would expect here. For us, again, the important thing is for us to be creating new value sources for our customers and our manufacturer partners. And we work – you have heard the positioning that we have had over these last 7 or 8 years, it’s really been about broad value creation and we will continue to focus on that as our priority. And I think ultimately, the reason that our business has been improving in recent years is, essentially, they build and create value. And so we will continue to focus on those dynamics. But we have seen occasionally these kinds of cycles for me over, unfortunately, many decades in different parts of the industries. So, that’s my general point of view.
George Barrett: Let me just add to this, Ricky. I mean generally, market price is a very effective market, very efficient market. So, the market just tends to be the market. And so you can’t think of this as necessarily individual customers.
George Barrett: We are always lowering our pricing in the generic market. It always has been that way. And so generally, you constantly are competing on generics. All we are saying is that, right now, it’s just a little bit of an unusual period of time where we are seeing a little more aggressive re-pricing. But there is always some re-pricing built into your go forward. We are always going to price the market. We are not ever trying to leave the market down, but we are in the – we believe the best competitive position from a cost standpoint that we can always stay competitive.
George Barrett: Yes, thank you. I did mention that in my remarks that part of the reason for our Q1 is the comps and that’s why we called out Q1 being down was. And you were right on with that. We did have $0.08 last year that we called out favorability largely from benefits related to certain competitive dynamics on a few key generic items that we thought we are going to deflate last year that didn’t and they stayed up. And since then, they have deflated. And then, as you mentioned, $0.03 on accelerated integration of some acquisitions. So those were favorable items last year. As well as from an overall basis, remember, we had a favorable tax component last year too. And then in last year, we did see the first quarter branded inflation was a little higher than we had anticipated. So, that’s right. Those were the positive things. You also summarized accurately the generic piece. When you really break it down into two components, one is the manufacturing actions, which is then either raising or lowering price. We are seeing, for instance, less inventory inflation on generics, but it’s really no different than we had originally anticipated. As you mentioned – as we mentioned in the past, FY ‘14 was a good year, ‘15 was a solid year and then it started coming down in ‘16 and we kept calling down and we said we expected that to be down and that’s how we essentially budgeted and looked at it for this year. So again, we are not seeing anything real different when it comes to what the manufacturing actions are related to inflation and deflation. It is the competitive environment downstream in our actual pricing out for the customers.
George Barrett: Yes. So Greg, let me start. This is really important. Our market share, I mean our independent has grown over years basically. It’s not a sudden phenomenon. Actually, right now, it’s relatively stable. So it’s possibly growing over the 7 years of this team’s leadership here. Obviously, the Kinray acquisition gave us a very significant boost there. So that’s not a sudden thing. It’s been a thoughtful and purposeful strategy to make sure that we have a good balance to our business. And we really feel like we create a huge amount of value for those independents to the service offerings and product lines, especially as the world is unfolded as it is. So start by that. I don’t think there is a discrete moment of change. We are obviously in the middle of a lot of things. So the election cycle clearly is creating an enormous amount of discussion and noise, which I do think has an effect on the way people behave. I do think generic cycles come in lumps and we see that they tend to have some cyclicality. We will see some growth coming from biosimilars, which will affect the market probably each product differently. And I think again, most times in competitive moments, you have companies just adjusting to what’s working and what’s not. And so that’s my experience over a lot of years. And so I think at the moment, right now, has a lot factors coming together to make for a tough environment, but we are going to stick to our value proposition and our long-term view as to how we compete in the market and how important service and product offerings are.
George Barrett: Yes. So as far as the adjustment from mid singles to mid singles to mid to high single-digits net deflation, really that entire adjustment is due to what we are seeing in the generic pricing environment. As I have mentioned, we are not really seeing the inflation-deflation piece to be significantly different than what we modeled. So you can assume all of that is essentially related to the generic pricing. And then as far as...
George Barrett: The sell side part, that’s right. And as far as compliance goes, that’s highly contract dependent, when we have customers, we are very diligent about the way we write our contracts. So if we have a customer contract that says that they have got to buy x percent of the generics from us, then we monitor that and we make sure that they do. And on the piece that they don’t have to directly buy from us in order to make that deal work, they can shop that piece and we have always known that. And so that’s the component that we would see, obviously some more pricing pressure on.
George Barrett: I don’t think I am able to give you a specific number here. What I can say is the kind of erosion that we have seen typically and it’s been relatively predictable, has just been different over these last couple of months. And so it is different and noteworthy and I think is the largest component as to why we are adjusting our model for the year. The branded part, as Mike said, is much smaller. But I can’t quantify that for you, George, but it is noticeably different.
George Barrett: Michael, thank you for the question. So, you are making Don happy on a question about Medical. So let me just give you a perspective. Our go-to-market model over recent years has really been focused broadly on a couple of really important changes. A lot of our customers are getting much more complex. They are bigger systems. So what historically might have been a single hospital is now a academic medical center plus some community hospitals, plus a few surgery centers and oncology clinics and now some doctors offices. That requires a different partner. I think our ability – and we have seen this. We have built our business around that expectation. And I think what’s happening is our ability to serve across that continuum of care to create value in different ways or systems the are much more complex than they once were is important. And one of the shifts I want to describe is a little bit more of an elevation of those conversations, away from the purely departmentally driven ones into a conversation that’s more broadly at the system level. I think that’s playing to our strength. Now again, we have to be very strong in each of the departments. We have to be content experts and we are still that. But I do think that the reason that we have been growing, I think is largely that we are positioning well to adapt. And we anticipated these changes in the way that these big health systems were going to look and I think that’s been beneficial to us.
George Barrett: If I could I just want to add one more piece, because we are talking primarily in this context about the medical, but it does connect our pharmaceutical business and our medical business and many of these customers are part of that overall offering. So, I didn’t want to miss the opportunity to share that.
George Barrett: Yes. So, good question and I mentioned that it is a big driver when you think about that EPS bridge, as we mentioned with the generics slightly are going down and net customer activity staying the same. We needed to actually have a real focus on that expense initiative. So, a lot of us – lot of the corporate departments across the company are all located in corporate. A lot of the initiatives and things that we fund, we fund out of corporate. And so all of those things we are taking really good hard look at, making sure we are investing in the right things. We are being very targeted on those things. And just driving discipline throughout our corporate departments in all lines of our P&L to make sure that we can help contribute to offsetting some of the decline we are seeing on generics pricing.
George Barrett: Well, I think in the sense of – if we are relating it specifically to branded manufacturing, when you do have less branded manufacturer inflation, you do as I have mentioned a couple of times, when that happens quickly, you have those immediate adjustments where that 15% of your portfolio that is dependent upon that inflation sees less inflation. So, you do have to go through and renegotiate your agreements with manufacturers, but – so, that’s the first important piece. As I mentioned, we are doing that with manufacturers. Any time you see a sudden change, you have to go do that. As far as specking on generics or on brand, again, that was something that we could do a long time ago, several years ago because of the nature of our relationships with generic manufacturers, on the – with Red Oak as well as our agreements on the branded side specking is minimal to almost none of an impact.
George Barrett: Well, at first, thanks to all of you for your good questions and for joining us today. I know that we will be seeing many of you in the coming weeks and we look forward to that. And with that, we will close the call. Thank you, all.
Mike Kaufmann: Thanks Bob. Let me hit a few different things. I think, first of all, just to be clear, when we talked – when I was talking about generic pharmaceutical pricing, I wasn’t really talking about the headwind tailwind you used to hear over the last couple of years of inflation and deflation on generic products, because that’s about where we model it to be this year. We are not really seeing that. We expected it to be a net deflation environment and that’s what we are seeing. So, that’s not really the driver. What we are talking about is more the downstream pricing component of our generic pricing. That’s where we are seeing the uptick in competitiveness or a little more erosion than we had expected to be, and that’s really is the main driver of us taking down our Pharmaceutical Distribution numbers. As I mentioned a couple of times, to a lesser extent, brand inflation. So, we have said about 10% before on brand inflation. We are now modeling in the 7% to 9%. That impact, I guess I will put it this way. If that were the only thing going on this year, then it wouldn’t probably be adjusting guidance. It’s more the combination of the generic pricing and then that on top of that. But I think that’s the first thing I want to say. The second thing, I can understand why you maybe have a little trouble with your numbers. I can’t quote exactly or comment on exactly what the number should be. But remember, I did make a comment in here that we have some significant initiatives around expenses and other initiatives that will be captured in our corporate numbers. And so those aren’t going to show up in the segment numbers, because we don’t push those down at the end of the year, so probably the piece that you are missing as you try to reconcile having Pharma down, capital deployment up, midpoint down, the last bucket that you are missing is that the corporate numbers we are going to have savings there that will be in the overall corporate bucket.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I mean we have a lot of programs, services. We continue to stay very, very focused on that bunch of customers. We continued to have very high retention rates. And so we feel really good about where we are positioned in the generic independent space.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I would totally agree with that. And I think you have to think about the way contracts are written and just certain customers contracts are written in ways that the generic pricing or the way it works is one way in the other areas, it’s much more competitive for they haven’t committed to buy all their generics and so they are constantly shopping them and that’s where you are going to see and that’s typically in independent space. And that’s where you are going to see some more of these competitive pressures.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Couple of comments. I think it’s good to hear you mention the dividend, because that’s something I would like to stress, because I think we have a very differentiated dividend and it’s something that we continue to be committed to our 30% to 35% payout. And I think that is a very much a differentiator between us and others. And so I agree with that on one side. Again, I would tell you that when it comes to the deployment of capital, we would love to find great M&A targets that’s probably where we would lean overstock repo, but we are going to stay disciplined. If we can’t find the right target at the right price and it has the right culture that fits into our business, then we are not going to move forward. And if that means there is some excess cash on the balance sheet, then we will take a look at deploying that in the stock repo. So, I think our pipeline is still decent right now. As you can imagine, we look at dozens of items before we ever purchase one. And so it’s always hard to tell exactly when something might come out of that, but we continue to be very active in the M&A front, but won’t trap cash on the balance sheet either if we can’t find the right opportunities.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, I guess the only way I can respond to that is, as I mentioned in my remarks, our guidance includes not only what we saw in Q1, what I have kind of foreshadowed in Q2, but also that it was based on some of the trends we are seeing in Q1 and in Q2. So yes, it does include some continued challenges with generic pricing and branded inflation.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. So actually, the 15% piece was margin dollars, it wasn’t number of contracts. So it was assumed to be – of our margin dollars generated. I wouldn’t say that, that group was a lot more profitable. A lot of the folks that are in there are obviously the smaller manufacturers, but so it’s going to have an overall a little higher average rate because just by the nature of being smaller manufacturers. But I don’t think that’s a big component of it. As far as what we have seen so far, I would tell you that what we have seen so far has been pretty light when it comes to manufacturer inflation. But that all being said, really January, as you know, our Q3 or the first quarter of our calendar year is always a big quarter for the branded manufacturer price increases. And the 7% to 9% is really an average for the entire year. So while it’s a little lighter than we would have expected now, that’s what we are building and to why we are lowering is that we would expect it hopefully after election and looking all those other components, we will see a little bit more normalcy, probably not as high, obviously as what it used to be, but we think we will get back into that 7% to 9% range. If that adjusts much differently than that, then we will have other updates after that. But right now, that’s what we are expecting.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I think the only thing I would add to that is I think a part of that growth is the really measured and smart approach I think we have taken to expanding our portfolio in the medical segment. And so our reps are able to leverage a lot more products in the bag. And so when we call on a customer, we have more to sell them, we can leverage our expense structure, we can be more meaningful to them. And I think it would be – I don’t think we should also ignore the fact that we have given a lot of energy to the Cordis business. So, we have put some great people in charge there. It’s a business that we are paying a lot of attention to. Don himself has a lot of experience in this area as David Wilson who is running it. And so I think there is a lot to be said for when you have people that are excited know you are investing in the business, really are committed to that and we have hired some great people. I think that’s driving some of the things we are seeing in Cordis, too.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. So, Q2 was really being driven by the same trends that we discussed. When we take a look at that, the trends that we saw in Q1 related again to generic pricing as well as branded inflation rates being lower than we had anticipated are the two key drivers in Q2 and why we gave you some early information that it would be similar to the percentage decline we saw in Q1. As far as what’s going on back half weighted, some of it has to just do with comps and things that are going to happen in the Cordis, like branded inflation tends to always be stronger in our Q3. And we have a lot of other initiatives that we are working on that we believe will deliver value in the second half. Remember, we have the step up in Cordis that impacted our Q2 and Q3 last year that doesn’t impact our Q2 and Q3 this year. Plus, we will have a full year of growing and getting after that business as well as on-boarding some other customers. So, we think we have enough initiatives in the back half to be able to get us to where we need to for the year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. We don’t as you know give cash flow targets for the year, but again, there was nothing I would say that when I look at what’s going on in our business that would make me think that we are not going to be able to deliver strong cash flow this year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. We don’t break that out specifically. Generally, inflation on specialty tends to be a little bit lower, because they are higher priced items than in the overall bucket. But our overall 7% to 9% target is across the board for all branded pharmaceuticals, including specialty and what’s going through our normal Pharmaceutical Distribution bucket.
Mike Kaufmann: I can’t give you the exact number, but I would definitely tell you that we were positive growth in the medical segment without Cordis. We do still expect Cordis to deliver $0.15 for FY ‘17. And so yes, if you were to back Cordis out, you would still see nice growth, a healthy growth in the medical segment.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, I think all the time people are always trying to be creative on how they price and how to work with customers and different customers have different needs. So, I don’t see a wholesale change though in the way people are pricing in the market. The majority of the areas where we are seeing the pricing pressure just in that normal day-to-day pricing, whether or not that’s changing our larger deals, it’s hard for me to speak to our competitors on how they might be doing that. And deals can get often very complicated on how you compare one to another, but I wouldn’t notice any notable change at this point in time.
