Mike Kaufmann: This is Mike and thanks for the question. Really can’t go into details of what it would be adjusted, but I will give you a little color in that the majority of the comp that you saw pushed out into the Medical segment was in the area of 401(k) and that’s because that’s based on employees and as you know, a significant portion of our employees are in the Medical segment.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, thanks for those questions. I’ll talk about the commodities first and then I can go back to giving you a little bit more color on medical margins or George can do that. And as far as the commodities go, remember a couple of different things. First of all as I said, which is really most important, what we’ve seen over the last couple of years is all of the components of our -- of the items that make up commodities for us, they do not really track in tandem with crude oil prices anymore. While historically several years ago you would see that for the most part, you don’t see that any more. So that’s a really big driver for us as we track both current and future rates on commodities. Also -- you also know that when we did have those significant issues in the past, as you could imagine we took a look at our contracts with our manufacturers and really focused on trying to rework those contracts and relationships with the manufacturers, so that we would not see these types of ups or downs going forward in the future. And so that’s really what’s probably tempering your estimates of the numbers.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I can appreciate the question but I really don't want to go into that level of detail on it. Again there are a couple of discrete items that we mentioned. It's really the Canadian business that is a big factor and a pushdown of compensation are really driving the Medical segment year-over-year negative performance.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks for that question. I did get a chance to actually go up there and spend some time with the team and I've had some involvement over the years with them. I think a couple of things on their mind. First of all as I mentioned, focusing on shifting where possible our Cardinal branded products, that's a big important piece. One other thing to remember is we are really the only distributor up there in the med/surge area that has reach of the entire -- of all of Canada. And so I think the team has done some really good things around leveraging our supply chain to be able to work with manufacturers to drive more opportunities up there. They're also as you can imagine looking aggressively at their cost structure and they're doing things with their management team and I've really liked where they have been able to bring some new blood into some really talented folks that are looking at the business differently. In fact I know our new CFO up there really came from one of our customers up there and really understands the business and is going to bring some new ideas to the table.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I can just add a little bit of color. So as I did mention, for the quarter as it relates to generic inflation, this quarter was slightly less than last year's quarter, as there was a year-over-year decrease in the contribution. As far as Q1 versus Q2, Q1 was a little stronger than Q2 in terms of rate. And you were right, you did hear me right. We do expect the second half of the year total generic inflation contribution to our bottom line will be moderated compared to the first half of the fiscal year.
Mike Kaufmann: We’ll continue to opportunistic where it makes sense on the share repo, but I guess -- maybe the only other thing you could read into is that we’re being disciplined and we’re going to make sure we pick the things that match to our strategic priorities and are at the right price.
Mike Kaufmann: I really don’t think I can go into a lot of detail on that. Let's see if I can help a little bit. As you know there are different ways you can make money on generics. There is obviously the difference between what you sell it at and what you buy at. So we’re always focused on that. And then obviously there is the appreciation on inventory when you have -- do have price increases. So there are a lot of different components including how you price, penetrating current customers, et cetera that improve our programs and drive margin. So to be specific how any one single margin bucket works would be difficult. And obviously our manufacturer contracts and discussions are incredibly confidential and competitive.
Mike Kaufmann: So the best way to think about it is, is the way we look at compensation. We look at it is all of Cardinal. And so when there is overall performance from the business, then one of the biggest pieces that get funded first is our 401(k) program. And we don’t distinguish between our employees on whether they're in the M or the P segment when overall cardinal health is performing. And so since we had a strong first-half, it caused us per our internal guidelines to increase our accruals on our 401(k) and knowing that a significant portion of our employees are in the Medical segment, then those costs just get allocated to the Medical segment for the employees and their 401(k) contribution.
Mike Kaufmann: I did get into a kind of detail, but clearly those were the two largest -- over 9 basis points of decline in margin rate and the two biggest drivers were just some new customers that we mentioned. As George mentioned we had one large mail order customer that tends to come in at lower margin rates. And then as I think you’ve seen from a lot of folks in the industry, the hepatitis C drugs have been doing very well. This is really important drug class and we too have seen significant sales of those drugs in our business. And because they come in at much lower margin rates than typical our average, they are lowering our overall margin rate.
Mike Kaufmann: That’s right. It's a new customer, that again being newer [ph] is mostly brand business and so it comes in at lower margin rate.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure, let me just make sure on that, first one. Just to make sure I got it right. It's less than 25% of our growth, not less than 25% of our volume of drug spend. So just to be clear, the Hep C drugs were less than 25% of our overall growth for the quarter. And then as far as Red Oak goes, I guess all I can add to it is, I just continue to be impressed with the team. The leaders there, the executive team has done an excellent job of really blending together the employee bases. You could go there, and I think George has mentioned this the past [indiscernible] is some situation, you really can't tell who CVS or a Cardinal employee was, who came from the outside? And when I was at our Board meeting just recently, a lot of the executive management said the same thing, that they're having to remind themselves some of new people who came from where. So I think from a culture standpoint that's really important. And then also -- that's been really exiting is we were able to get all the people we wanted to transfer to go there. So all the key folks from CVS moved over there, as well as the key folks from Cardinal. And that really helped us get a really quick start, because we weren't training anybody. We had literally experts who have had decades and decades of experience in the generic business move straight over to Red Oak. So that's been positive. So again culture is going well, discussions with the manufacturers have gone well, and as I said we're at above 95% of the manufacturers moved over. So let me ask George to add couple comments.
Mike Kaufmann: I can't get into real specifics, but I would tell you that we all I think have seen if you're -- we've all looked at IMS data. We've seen some really strong comparatively to the past numbers from IMS, in around that 1% to 4% range. Specifically over the last several months we've seen strong growth there. So that's obviously a contributor to our top line growth. But breaking it down between what's industry growth, how much is new customers, how much is existing, how much, because you have brands moving to generics et cetera, it would be really tough to parse all of that out. And then there is also lot of other things going on in the environment.
Mike Kaufmann: I don't think we'd probably take any piece of business out of our business and say that's normal. I think this is now part of the base of the business.
Mike Kaufmann: Ricky we're having a little bit of difficulty hearing you. If I got it right, as George mentioned I think I emphasized as we did see a ramp faster in this quarter than we had originally expected. So I guess I would tell you that. Now to try to describe with Q3 and Q4, we obviously still expect some ramp in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year because every day we're signing up new vendors and transitioning suppliers, but obviously with 95% of them already moved over to the new contracting, you're getting close to where you could take Q2 and you're going to see it again ramp up over the next couple of quarters.
Mike Kaufmann: And obviously our sales reps obviously moved over to Henry Schein. So revenue expenses moved over to Henry Schein and obviously the margin will generate that but that's going to be more than offset. As we said this will be accretive. So it's by the margin that we will make on our sale of products to Henry Schein.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I'm not sure that it's a single factor, and again Dave, it's hard to say, to describe a trend. I think we've talked at times about the conditions that we saw that probably led to some of the increased prices. I would say systemically we're not seeing a big change in that. So it's really individual behaviors. These are all individual products. You have to remember that when we talk about the pricing movement, the biggest swings that have occurred over the last couple of years are on hundreds, not thousands of products. And so I'm really discrete to the individual supplier and their product line, and so I wouldn’t say the overall conditions of the market have necessarily changed. We're just -- based on just some data we have and we saw in the first half, we just decided that in our model we would moderate that second half. But as I said before, it is extremely difficult to project this, because it really is individual companies with individual product lines.
Mike Kaufmann: I think mixed use is probably right. There are some clear signs, and CMS at this point I think is saying enrollment is close to 10 million at this point coming through the ACA. It's very difficult to tease out exactly what the contribution is in a hospital setting. In think we certainly -- as we look at our pharmaceutical business and we look at prescription centers, there's certainly some indication and it's more intuitive than anything else that there are more patients in the system. And I think it's reasonable to assume that more patients covered have some impact on the hospital side. But it's much harder to tease out, partly because we're seeing some shift in channel behavior. So it's not like you have one system. When you have moving for example from an acute care setting to an ambulatory setting, you can see a shift in volume. So it's much more difficult to tease out the exact total volume impact of the Affordable Care Act and how that floats through the acute care centers, because we're seeing sort of a natural shift in delivery of care where it's being delivered. We’re also seeing a little bit of shift of market-share among players, given some of the network design issues in the system. So it's a little bit difficult to tease that for you.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, one thing that I consider remember is the tax rate is an important driver. I'm not sure how the litigation piece would affect. It's really -- and that was in GAAP, not in our non-GAAP numbers. And so I'm not sure how that would effect, but tax rate is one thing to consider. Remember last year we also had a minority investment income in Q3 that we had talked about. That’s not expected to repeat in the second half which was a large number. We did expect the Canadian pressures to continue to happen throughout the rest of the half, and while we’ve said Red Oak started a little sooner, that doesn’t mean necessarily that it's going to get a lot bigger into Q3 and Q4. It just came a little bit sooner.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes so I’ll give you a little bit of information here. First of all, we did realize a smaller benefit from FX in Q2 than we did in Q1, but again it was minor. Our assumption for the remainder of the fiscal year is really some modest upside to -- with FX and that’s already built into our guidance. The thing you have to remember on FX that makes it unique is because we operate in some countries but we buy in others, you have the impact that one could be a positive, the other one could be a negative. And so the net, if you really want size, it's very small at this point in time.
George Barrett: And Bob if I can -- its George -- maybe just touch base a little bit on the drivers as it relates to the goal of expanding margins in Medical. Let me just carve them out. Key growth areas will be the services around our distribution platform. So the traditional supply chain activities are now a much broader range of services that we’re beginning to offer. Those typically carry higher margin. Growth in our consumables, particularly our private label consumables, our physician preference items, I talked about wound management, I talk about interventional cardiology, I talk about trauma. Growth in these are higher margins. Growth in the Home is important to us. Again this is an area where we’ve seen excellent growth and expansion of margins. So the overall positioning of these activities really drives mix. Again I think remember, for example private label products now being driven in through our home strategy. So these are all expansive to margins. And then finally positioning with the key accounts in the system. So it's really -- a large component of that is both mix of product line and in some degree mix of customers.
George Barrett: This is George. I might just want to add something to sort of back to where you started. We're not going to start to break out and pull out the pieces of the [indiscernible] business on medical, but I would probably offer this. When we look at our all of our strategic priorities, and we're doing pretty consistent metrics around our medical business, we actually see some very good signs, and it's actually been an operating according to our internal forecast. So our growth is strategic, accounts is good, consumables growth is good. The physician preference item strategy as we've told you is sort of a more mid-term driver of the business, but we actually like some of the underlying characteristics that we've seeing. We have seen over the years that traditional med/surge distribution has seen some pricing pressure over the years. But that's something that we anticipate and expect and we like the growth that we're seeing in the home. So when we look at the components that are making up this segment, we really like the way the pieces are going. Again we're going to have to absorb the changes that we saw in this Canadian mark and I think we'll also lap this -- part of it with the market change that we had to deal with.
George Barrett: Glenn, let me start and then I'll be happy to have Mike chime in and he's obviously been very close to it from his prior role. When we talk about moderating for the back half of the year, it's largely just a model at this point. We don't have perfect transparency on pricing. We have historical models. We do the best we can to use those to guide us going forward. We have in the interactions with the suppliers. But there is not something absolutely discrete perfect trend line that tells us what to do. We just thought the numbers in the first half were reasonably strong. And so what we did was we just moderated that somewhat in the second half, and that's the way to approached. But it's difficult to come to us a perfect number on this.
George Barrett: Thanks, Glen. No, I don’t think you should read and anything into it actually. We are always looking at the most efficient way to create a great position for strategic growth. And there are moments where those opportunities are right in front of you and there are moments where they are not, but I don’t think I would read into it. We’ve done a small -- a couple of small moves in the physician preference item area over the last year -- last few months. And we’re always actively looking. It's just a matter of finding that opportunity you think drives the value you want and you have to have someone there decide really to do it at that moment. But I don’t think I would read anything into it.
George Barrett: I guess some -- I want to make sure I understood the question George. I don’t think there is anything mechanical that we’re highlighting here. It's just the overall pricing environment. So I don’t think that we can -- if that’s a question it's a not a unique mechanical dynamic. I think Mike's just describing the overall pricing trend.
George Barrett: Just one additional thing, because you asked about challenges. We were very focused on simplicity, and speed and clarity for the manufacturers. So one of the biggest challenges, it's an incredibly complicated system, but if you look at all of generics and trying to do all the trade terms and conditions with every manufacturer. So as Mike said getting through this many, given the complexity and then trying to come out with a program, that was really straight forward and simple, was a great challenge and I think the team did an amazing job of doing that.
George Barrett: Ricky I want to make sure I understand your question, but again in general terms, our prescription growth was very good. As Mike said our unit growth in generics was very good, our positioning in the market was very good. And again the IMS data, last time it was 3 point something. So there is clearly some demand growth which is good in the system. Our position in the market is good. And so that is a good combination. So I'm not sure if you're asking about Hep C and whether we're disproportionately, and I was trying to make sure I understood that question. But I say again, for us think about it just, we've got a base of customers. Those Hep C products flow through different channels and we're present in all those channels.
George Barrett: Yes, good morning Lisa. Yes, look we believe that we’ve got a unique model here and a terrific partner we're really excited with flowing, and I think as we look at the overall market of those who buy generics, we have started to see a little bit of change as companies start to consider the most effective way for them to source their products. Some companies who historically have sourced those products directly are reevaluating whether that’s the most effective tool for them and I think in some cases we’ve been able to demonstrate to those customers that we’re a very attractive alternative as Cardinal Health. So it's hard to size that opportunity for you, but I would say it's pretty clear that there are existing players out there who today are still trying to -- I am sure evaluate the most effective way for them to source products. We think we’re very attractive supplier to those and we have picked up some business in this area, and I think those are encouraging signs.
George Barrett: Yes, we would be able to give you that exact percent. I would tell you that every customer buys at least some generics from us. It's just whether -- what percentage of the generic spend they buy from us. Sometimes it’s in a backup position or in other times they'll buy a 100% from us. So, I would tell you that we still have opportunity to be able to do that -- to grow that going forward and -- but we’ve done a great job historically in penetrating a lot of the change, independence and even our hospital class of trade on their solid orals [ph].
George Barrett: Yes, absolutely. We think we offer really great solutions Eric, not only in terms of the potential to save money in terms of cost, but also in the terms of our quality of the products, the supply, the way we work with the customer. And so, we’ve a lot of components of our program that we’re going to work with each customer. Now that being said, I can’t speak for any of one individual customer and they may have various reasons why they may choose or not choose sourcing from us, but we think we have as competitive or more competitive a program than anybody else. I'm out there and then we do see opportunities going forward or working with our various customers who are not buying a 100% of the generics from us.
George Barrett: Yes, it's been a couple of things. Generally overall I would just say it's really market pressures, and those market pressures, a lot related to reimbursement in the environment have driven a lot of behaviors as you could imagine, less purchases of capital equipment, utilization, all those types of things, pricing pressure is on there. So it's really reimbursement pressures in the market have put a lot of pressure on that business and it has forced them to relook at their model and work with their customers in different ways.
George Barrett: Yes, it's going well. We mentioned that we had significant double-digit growth again in China. All the components of business are growing. Our distribution platform continues to expand. We have continued to provide some wrap around services with those customers, building out those capabilities, more marketing presence, which has I think been an exciting potential. Our geographic reach continues to expand and we continue to expand the number of the direct-to-patient pharmacies, probably in and around 30 at this point. So -- and the product lines that we’re carrying is now bigger on those pharmacies. So it's not unusual for us to carry double-digit number of products in those pharmacies; all good news because it expands our touch points to the patient, reinforces our relationships with our biopharmaceutical partners. So we’re encourage by the continued growth in China and we see it as a really exciting market.
George Barrett: So essentially what's going to happen is the sales that used to be reported through a part of our Medical business which was in ambulatory, those sales will ship to Schein? We will see our value coming through the gross margin line and our products flow through their channel. So that's the basic mechanics. And you would not have seen any value in the quarter completed.
George Barrett: It's a good question. I wish I could answer it fully for you, which of course I can't, in terms of what we look at. But let me just highlight the priority areas. Certainly where we can build scale in our pharmaceutical business and particularly around generics, it's always effective. Those opportunities don’t come up every day. But those are my high priority. Specialty continues to be an area of high emphasis. We believe that you'll continue to see the growth of specialty biopharmaceuticals and products that address unique patient populations. And so we continue to look in that area. Everything around the IDN hospital services for us is important. Many hospitals are beginning to look, particularly given some of the changes in reimbursement and even some of the news coming out of HHS this week, looking at bundled payment models. Some of the area that used to be revenue drivers in a different model could become constant, and so the opportunity to provide those services might be areas we look. Consumables -- the ability to grow our consumable and our physician preference items, clear priorities for us. The home -- activities around the home and China, those are all areas that we've talked about as high priority. You guys know the system there. Some of those areas that have many, many more activities and more players and there are others that have fewer, maybe more highly consolidated, et cetera. So those are sort of priority areas. We're looking at all of them, pretty much all of the time and the opportunities will come when they come.
George Barrett: No, you actually hear views from different customers. So there are some that are [indiscernible] that they're seeing increases and some that are not experiencing quite as much. So as you describe mix signals, it's probably a little bit of an accurate description.
George Barrett: Again, I'm going to just jump in here for second. Again I wouldn’t comment on how conservative or not conservative our guidance is. I'd say that we’re performing very well right now in general, and so we feel very good about the first-half and actually pretty excited about the second half of the year. So our guidance was increased. We feel good about that and again, we'll leave it to others to judge whether or not it was conservative or aggressive. But we like our positioning and we’re pushing ahead.
George Barrett: With that, thank you all for you questions and I very much appreciate all of you joining us on today’s call. We look forward to speaking with all of you later. Thanks.
