George Barrett: It's been -- all told, for our Specialty business, it's actually been a good year. It's been -- different components have done well and better, and different components have moved more slowly. I would say the Pathways programs and our legacy business has actually done really well. We knew that Specialty distribution was going to be a building process, and I would still describe it as that. We've begun to feel some momentum recently, but it does take a while to get rolling. You've got to build scale, and you've got to build presence in the offices. And I think we've been achieving that throughout the year. So while I would have liked it to accelerate faster, and I'll always be clear with you about that, we feel good about the fact that it's picking up steam. And I think we've got a reason to feel optimistic about it.
George Barrett: It's a great question. I'm not sure that we'll announce every individual account. My hope is that they'll become frequent enough that we don't have to do that. But we'll give you, certainly, ongoing progress updates, and you should expect to hear from us on how -- certainly, all of our businesses are doing -- but this is a priority item for us. And we'll continue to share information on progress.
George Barrett: So let me start with the first part. Our lab business has really been, actually, a very strong business of recent years. We've got a terrific market position, a very, I would say, technically consultative-driven selling organization and a very broad presence across the market. So this continues an important -- to be an important part of our business, Lisa. It also connects to a lot of the other elements of channel management for our business. And so, we're really going to continue to drive our lab business. As it relates to capital deployment, again, we try to reinforce this notion of a balanced approach to it. Our goal is to make sure that we're in the strongest position in each of the markets, where we want to compete, and compete effectively, and compete to win. So we've highlighted some areas in our discussion that'll continue to be important to us. Obviously, Specialty continues to be important for us. Growth in Ambulatory continues to be important to us, growing our Preferred products capabilities and our Nuclear capabilities as we move towards PET. So we'll continue to do some work there. Obviously, in China, we want to make sure that we have both the scale and the geographic reach that positions us in the best position possible. So these are all areas of focus. Of course, some of this will be -- or all of this will be the focus of our organic attention but to the extent that the right opportunities come up from an acquisition standpoint, we're certainly -- we'll consider those.
George Barrett: So -- yes, a couple of pieces. Again, as it relates to the Express Script and Medco story, as you know, Express is a customer of ours and a good customer of ours. But as you also know, this is early days, and beyond that, there's probably not much I can or should say at this stage. Let's let this thing play out. Your second question was really about Longs. And I guess, I can't share a lot here, but I can say that we have picked up -- we're pleased to have picked up incremental volumes from Long stores.
George Barrett: Why don't I let Jeff walk you through just a little bit of some of the sort of puts and takes, as we look at the range. Then I'll sort of come back with sort of a more general comment.
George Barrett: I would probably add, Ross, just a few things. And Jeff really covered the big picture. I think, as you know, Generics are very hard to be completely precise about, both in terms of launches and deflation, and it typically is really deflation on specific products. And so you know our approach, I think, to doing this, which is we use sort of a risk-adjusted model. I think that has served us reasonably well over the recent years, and we'll continue to use that approach. Other than that, again, just -- perhaps a reminder of the obvious, we really moved '11 faster and more dramatically than we had originally anticipated, and so our feeling about the ability to grow '12 on top of that is -- well, for us, feels like the right trajectory.
George Barrett: Yes. Glen, let me just sort of give a sort of broader perspective on that. I think Jeff gave you the sort of components economically. Let me just sort of put into context, I guess, the way I see the year. Our Medical business really had to weather some environmental challenges with commodities and soft utilization, particularly, as the drivers. But, as our organization knows, while this is some bad fortune, there's no great path. Like we understand -- our organization clearly gets that we're in a competitive market. But having said that, there's, really, for us, a lot to feel good about. And when I look at the performance of Medical, and I sort of ask some questions about the underlying performance, I focus on a couple of things. One, do we offer solutions that our customers need? Second, are we gaining momentum in the market? Are we getting tougher to compete against? Are we positioning for the future, as opposed to sort of thinking about solving old problems? And finally, are we taking actions to drive margins? So when I look at those questions, with all the puts and takes that Jeff just described, I feel pretty solid about where we are. And I can answer yes to those questions.
George Barrett: Yes. A fair question. Obviously, as you can imagine, we look at this portfolio question all the time. We actually feel very good about the competitive differentiation this gives us, both in margin rates and in flexibility. So in fact, those manufactured products today continue to be important drivers. I'd love for us not to have to deal with the headwind this year, but there are other times that it's been working as a tailwind for us. So we really look at this, and we look at it regularly. But I feel very good about where we are today. But you should assume that we'll continue to always explore the question of whether ownership of those assets has been official. Today, I would say, strategically and economically, we would still answer yes.
George Barrett: First, again, the Specialty business covers a broad group of services, specialty distribution is one of them. So again, I just want to remind you that in our mix, the programs that we do to support bio companies -- biopharmaceutical companies -- the programs that we're doing to improve practice management, the Pathways programs, these are all sort of a big part of our service model and specialty distribution is one of them. I think, primarily, here, it's about building scale and building presence. What has been happening lately is we're getting momentum and sort of momentum builds momentum, in a sense. And so I think we've made it very clear that this is a place we're going to be. We're going to compete effectively, and we expect to grow. I'm not sure that there are unique areas necessarily that people don't know about. I think it's largely about having the right relationships and the right practice management offices and taking advantage of those opportunities. But it is largely about building presence, building scale, and we'll continue to drive that.
George Barrett: Yes. I think the answer is yes. As you might understand, it's not something that we'd necessarily share in a public setting. But yes, we're very aware, obviously, of the big products in front of us. Our customers are very aware. This system is very aware. And so, we'll just want to make sure that our customers are in a position to be very effective in their delivery of key generic drugs to their patients. And we've got a lot of things working to create benefit for them and the ways to facilitate and incentivize.
George Barrett: Okay. So Tom, it's George. Let me take the first one. I would have a hard time describing a particular regional distribution of our improvement on our independent business. I think our footprint is national. I would say our tools that we deploy, we deploy on a national basis. And I think our overall presence, our attention to this area of the business is done in a very broad-based way. So I would have a hard time pointing to any particular areas that stand out one versus the other. I think it's a broad-based -- on LIPITOR, that is a tough one to answer. You know that this has been a subject of discussion on some level for more than a decade. And it's a hard one to weigh. I would say switches are not easy. This has -- is a product with an enormous amount of data. That's sort of good news and bad news as some of them go through this regulatory process. So I would have a hard time really giving you a, I think, today, an incredibly well-informed answer, other than it is a product that, as you know, that statins in some markets are available either through a third class of drug or through some other mechanism without a prescription. But I'm not sure how I'd cap that. We're certainly not building it into our assumptions. We're assuming this remains a prescription product, and that come November, that there's a generic launch.
George Barrett: At this point, again, I'm probably not going to share all the details of our modeling, partly because that is still to evolve, Ricky. I think we can feel comfortable sharing with you our launch assumption, which is that there'll be 2 players in November. It is going to be very interesting to see what happens on day 181. As you know, they're not today, a large line of tentatives awaiting approval. So we're still working through our assessment here, as you would imagine, given the timing, this is not a particularly meaningful issue for us for our fiscal '12, but certainly, one that we'll provide more color on, as we feel like we get more information. And certainly, as it relates to '13, it will become more relevant.
George Barrett: So this is George. I'll give you a little bit more color without going into too much detail. I would say, in the general medical business, it is not a noteworthy change. So if you look at hospital inpatient, outpatient procedures, small dips up and down throughout our Q4 or our calendar Q2. The doctor's office data in June was actually down more strikingly, but it was also up during one of the months of the quarter. So I -- we tend not to get too nuts about a month-to-month swing. We'll watch for longer-based trends. We look at it over a longer time horizon. So I would say, for us, we didn't see a material change, although, I'd say that the doc office numbers for June were lower.
George Barrett: Well, it's hard to answer that. We have, as you know, so many businesses and so many competitive dynamics. Here's my general sense. On our Medical business, we've worked extremely hard at building out a portfolio of products and services for our customers that differentiate us. And so, the truth is, we're not leading with the price story. We're leading with the value story. We think that as pressure continues to build in the system, as more patients come in, and we have this population health issue driving more demand, that it's important for us to be able to demonstrate to our customer that the we can help them manage their cost. That's not just about price. That's about creating value through different tools, whether or not that's deploying OpEx people in a hospital, in an oncology office, providing practice management tools. So I would say for us, it would be hard to describe a unique pricing dynamic today in any of our markets. It's always competitive, but we work very, very hard at making sure that our lead is valued. And if we're going to continue to drive margin forward, that has to be the story.
George Barrett: Sure, Eric. Why don't I start now, and then Jeff can jump in, if there's some things to add. I would say, the good news is largely all of the above. We told you from the beginning that customer retention was very important to our model. We've done extremely well, so we're really pleased with that. Our synergy work had turned out to be good. Our due diligence, I think, was pretty well done. And we've been able to achieve those numbers. And our team is executing very well there. We are still -- believe that there's more opportunity there, as it relates to integration, but it's really been sort of an across the board, a good story. And we're really pleased with the way it's unfolded. I don't know what you might want to, Jeff.
George Barrett: Sure. Good question. And clearly, it's something we look at about very carefully, because remaining focused on limiting the growth of our core SG&A is clearly an important part of our business model. So we look at the total growth in Q3, we had SG&A growth of 11.5%. The vast majority of that was related to the acquisitions. In Q4, we had SG&A growth of about 16%, more than 50% of that was related to acquisitions. There were some other drivers, including increased EIT spend, which really reflects some of the investments that we've been making throughout the business in IT and just the year-on-year comparison of the expense portion of that. We also made some important strategic investments to accelerate the growth of certain of our businesses. In Specialty, for example, which we're still very focused on ramping up, this is an important investment stage. And we will continue to invest very aggressively there to make ensure that we deliver on our expectation. Likewise in China, we continue to invest to grow some of these new businesses. I will say that these new business units that I described earlier, where we're selling and distributing consumer health products to retail pharmacies, although we did ramp up spending considerably there to grow our sales force and management team, it actually was profitable in Q4 despite that ramp ups. And then, there were the usual things like bad debt reserves et cetera in Q4 that drove a piece of it. But it's a great question. And rest assured, internally, we look at each of these items very carefully and also strip some of this noise out to make sure the core SG&A growth rate in the business is as close to flat as we can make it.
George Barrett: Thanks to everyone for joining us today. I know this was a little bit earlier than you're used to having with us. And we appreciate your flexibility. We would just close by saying we appreciate all your support during the year. We're real excited about the period coming in front of us, very proud of the year that we just completed. But it's behind us and on to the future. So thank you for your time this morning and we'll look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks.
Jeffrey Henderson: Let me answer both of those questions. First of all, the incremental investments in IT and business systems was worth about $5 million in the quarter. And that was a combination of both the Medical Business Transformation and other changes that we're making to our customer-facing systems. For example, we're dramatically improving our web-based ordering platform that's used both in the ambulatory setting and the hospital setting, so that also drove a piece of that increase. Regarding the impact of the Medical Business Transformation in '13 and beyond, clearly, that's one of the most significant drivers of margin growth and margin expansion in fiscal '13. But I would say, it's also alongside and complementary to all the other initiatives that we're already working on, such as growth in our Ambulatory channel, such as growth in our Preferred products, including expansion of our sourcing in Asia and the additional services that we're providing to our customers in the acute setting and the other channels that we work in. So I would say it's probably the major one, but it's also very complementary and facilitates the growth in those other areas that I mentioned.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes. Actually for Q4, FX was a relatively neutral impact. Saw some slight benefit from our Canadian long exposure but equally offset by some of our exposure to manufacturing expenses in foreign locations, given the continued weakness in the U.S. dollar. So that was a relatively neutral event. And Lisa, I think, you asked a second question there, which I've forgotten already.
Jeffrey Henderson: Lisa, just a further detail on your question about lab. Our lab revenue was up 6.5% in Q4, which actually, it was pretty impressive, given the overall sluggishness in utilization, so continued good signs in that part of the business.
Jeffrey Henderson: First of all, I think your point about execution FY '11 is a great one, Ross. And obviously we're assuming that we continue to execute well in all of our priorities going into FY '12. What could push us up towards the top end versus the bottom end, I guess, which is effectively your question. I guess, towards the top end, even stronger generic performance than we have projected. And in particular, if generic launches come in stronger or more frequently than we have modeled, that could clearly push us towards the top end of the range and beyond. I think commodity prices are a big swing factor both in the positive and negative direction. Obviously, oil moving closer to $90 or into the $80s would be a very a positive impact on the second half of the year for us. Likewise, oil moving into $110 or $120 would have the opposite impact. You mentioned capital deployment, our base assumption for share repo is that the $250 million that we completed in July is the only repurchase that we do. But depending on how the year turns out, in terms of other uses of capital, clearly, we have authorization capacity remaining under our board approval of $500 million. And as we continue to build our cash, it's always an option that we would discuss with our board about buying back additional shares. Brand inflation -- as we've said, we projected, or we modeled for this fiscal year that brand inflation will continue at about the same level that we saw in fiscal '11. Clearly, that could be a bit of a swing factor, particularly, in our quarterly results, as I mentioned before. Given our less independents on brand inflation than we've had historically, each year that goes by, it because less of a swing factor annually. But given that price increases seem to be spread more and more out through the quarters and on somewhat unpredictable manner, you could get swings quarterly year-on-year. The LIFO assumption is another one that -- we modeled in a $15 million to $25 million charge. It could be 0 or it could be higher than that, depending on certain factors, some of which are within our control, some of which aren't, such as the levels of brand inflation and generic deflation. Generic deflation is another one that -- in terms of the overall economics of our Generics program that has a potential swing factor for us.
Jeffrey Henderson: Sure. There were 2 major drivers: one was worth about $6 million -- $6 million to $7 million, and it related to the change in estimation methodology for some of the self-manufactured products that we carry in our warehouses and the way we calculate the capitalized expense that's inherent in that inventory. And we made a change in our estimate to more accurately reflect our current view of that inventory, and that was worth $6 million or $7 million. Second was we had some Presource kits in one of our warehouses that, for certain reasons, we don't think are usable, and we decided to write them off.
Jeffrey Henderson: So let me touch on a couple, and I'll turn it over to George. So on commodities, the gross negative impact on our cost of goods sold is $80 million. And I always emphasize the word "gross," because clearly, we put actions in place to mitigate as much of that as we can. And we have, and will continue to offset a good portion of that. But that $80 million compares to a gross headwind in fiscal 2011 of about $60 million. The FX impact, as I said, is between $15 million and $20 million. I believe that's slightly more than what we experienced in terms of the headwind in fiscal '11. Those are the 2 biggest headwinds. You also asked about volume. As I said earlier, and I'll let George comment further on this, we are not being overly optimistic or aggressive in terms of how we're modeling volumes. We're assuming sort of a continued sluggishness in utilization that we experienced in fiscal '11.
Jeffrey Henderson: Sure. Let me go back to your prior question first, and then I'll address your second one. By the way, just to emphasize again, the $80 million is a gross headwind that -- which means it's before any mitigating actions we may take, such as pricing or mix changes or manufacturing cost reductions or material changes et cetera. So it's sort of a starting point and then we identify specific initiatives to begin to offset it. I want to be clear about that. Included in that offset are some pricing increases. We are very strategic and tactical about how we do that. And in some cases, we can, in other cases, it's a longer-term process. But clearly, passing on pricing to some of our customers is one of the tools that we have and will utilize to offset some of these commodity price increases. In terms of the timing, interestingly, it's fairly evenly spread over the year, perhaps the negative impact -- perhaps a little bit more concentrated in Q2 and Q3, and that's just the way the year-over-year comparison worked out. But that $80 million, I'd say, as a general statement, it's fairly evenly spread.
Jeffrey Henderson: It's Jeff. Good question. Without getting too specific, I think the reality is in order to achieve the goals we have for ourselves, a continued focus on margin expansion has to be there. And we need to continue to make it a priority for both Pharma and Medical. And virtually, all the things we're doing in both of those businesses are very much geared towards not only growing the top line, but perhaps, even more importantly, growing gross margin and growing gross margin rate and operating margin rate. So it'll continue to be a focus going forward, in both segments.
Jeffrey Henderson: No, it hasn't. And actually, we draw upon that credit facility very infrequently, usually only during brief periods of peak needs during quarters. So even if it was a dramatic change in the rate, I'm not sure you'd necessarily see it flow through the income statement. I will say, however, that in the new $1.5 billion facility that we negotiated, our -- both of our undrawn and drawn rates are lower than they were previously, which is great news, and I think reflects the growing and continued strength of our business. Regarding working capital, yes, we made some great strides in the past couple of years. I think, in total, we've taken somewhere between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion of net working capital out of the business in total. Getting more efficient, our working capital will continue to be to be a focus, although I will say, given the growth projections that we have in certain parts of our business, like Specialty, like China, and some of the new customers that we have taken on that will drive growth, I would actually expect working capital next year, probably not to see the sort of gains that we've seen previously, and quite likely, will be a slight increase next year.
Jeffrey Henderson: No, this is actually not just exclusive to the independent channel. We're having, through a good number of our businesses, some encouraging new business, and so it's going to be distributed to different parts of our business.
Jeffrey Henderson: I will say that the profitability in a particular account may be less linked to the actual upfront pricing and more linked to the range of products and services that they choose to buy from us and what we can offer to them. And I think what's particularly encouraging is that the more products and services that they buy from us, not only do we have better profitability, but the customer has lower overall acquisition costs and cost of managing the supply chain, so sort of a win-win for those customers.
Jeffrey Henderson: Our target growth percentage year-on-year that we've been challenged with as a management team didn't change. It's just the target and the base year both came down. But the percent that we have to deliver is consistent.
Jeffrey Henderson: Absolutely not. First of all, if we do a deal in the middle of the year, we don't get to count that towards achieving our target for the year. Our target is based on a set of businesses that we had at the beginning. Secondly, one of the key measures for us is total shareholder return, and that takes into account all the elements. And the final thing I'd say is when we're evaluating a deal, the most important metrics to us are NPV and IRR and return on capital. And we haven't changed how we define those.
Jeffrey Henderson: We've -- it depends on the commodity by the way. So we've assumed that over the course of the year, oil fluctuates between $100 and $105, and that was really based on the latest forward curves that we have according to the indexes that we look at. For latex and cotton we actually see a slight decline over the course of the year, even versus current spot. And clearly, versus the rates that we saw in FY '11, which was really spiked up during the middle of our fiscal year. And then there's a variety of other components, many of which oil derivatives that have their own index. And each of those is slightly different. Some are expected to deteriorate based on the index and some are expected to improve. So that, overall, $80 million gross headwind is really a weighted compilation of all those.
Jeffrey Henderson: When we did the original model, the 2 biggest factors that we knew by far that were going to determine the success or not of this acquisition were customer retention and generic sourcing leverage. And in both cases, we're doing materially better than we modeled, and that really is what drives the economics of this deal.
Jeffrey Henderson: Part of it is and, explaining LIFO, which I just spent a great deal of time doing with our board. It's always a long story. But let me just spend a few minutes on it, because it is an important part of our business. Part of whether we have a LIFO expense really starts with the reserve with which we start the year. The past couple of years, we've been in a net LIFO debit position. And we're in a debit position, we actually don't record income or expense. It's only once we've switched to a credit reserve position that you begin recording expense or income. We started FY '11 with a net debit reserve of over $30 million, and we ate up most of that during the year, actually ended up the year with net debit of $7 million. So our cushion for error -- or cushion going into FY '12 is substantially reduced. It's technically 0. So that's probably the biggest reason why we're projecting some level of LIFO expense in FY '12. Because any movement from that will result in an expense. And then there's operational factors driving it with the addition of Kinray and the branded inventories associated with Kinray, that creates some additional LIFO exposure. And then we have to make certain assumptions regarding generic deflation and brand inflation and the level of inventories that we'll carry. Yes, I think you're correct in your assumption that if all else was equal, the fact that some big brands are going off patent next year may actually reduce our LIFO exposure, but all those other factors I just described also have to go into the mix and net net when we sort of ran our forecast we came up with a projection of between $15 million and $25 million. And that's really our best guess at this point.
Jeffrey Henderson: I did actually. Let me just -- so the overall Pharma segment growth for Q4 was 14%, and excluding acquisitions, it was about 18%.
Jeffrey Henderson: I would say the revenue growth rate is comparable to, perhaps slightly above, what they've seen historically there, which reflects some of the increased investments we've made in the business, and the focus on it. And in an overall environment, that's doing very well as well. In terms of margin, as we said before, the Chinese business, just given the mix and the types of customers and just the maturity of the business tends to have a higher margin, both the gross margin and operating margin than what we see in our U.S. Pharmaceutical distribution business.
