Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I would just emphasize, Ricky, as I look across all of our businesses and all of the various factors that contribute to our overall results, I would emphasize that as we've been saying for the last couple of quarters, it's really this generic pharmaceutical pricing that is the number one factor. And all we're saying here is that it basically ended up finishing a little lower than we expect it to, in the sense that our base is reset a little bit lower than we expected it to, but the actual activity that we saw in December and January looks to be stabilizing, and that we've just set at a little bit lower base. And so, when we took that lower base and spread it across our second half, that's really essentially what lowered our overall guidance. So as you think about the various components, I've mentioned three things, generic pricing being the biggest factor that can have a little bit of variability to it. But again, as George mentioned and I mentioned, it's looking much better over the last couple months. Branded inflation, we did see some branded inflation in January and it seems to be about where we're expecting it to be. But again, depending on what happens over the last five months, we just want to call that out. And lastly, taxes, which I called out is the third factor. It's more about timing within quarters than overall being concerned that we're going to fall outside our 35% to 37% guidance range. It's really that you might see it be a little better in one quarter and a little worse in the other. But overall for the year, we expect it to be...
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. And I would emphasize, I think, it's really just a slight EPS reduction because of, again, this variability in the generic market pricing.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I would say the answer is yes. As far as price activity from manufacturers to us, that's been tracking all year about as what we expected. It was really the sell-side that started out for the first couple quarters lower than we had originally anticipated. But, again, we see it stabilizing now.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. That's a fair question, Lisa. I would say that's pretty much accurate. I'd say that where it's stabilized at, we're just a little bit lower than we had originally anticipated when we projected our second half. And so, that even though Specialty is over-performing and we're seeing some really good controls in SG&A, that when you mix the two together that it net was a little bit potentially lower for us. And then, we just wanted to give ourselves a little bit of variability. When we first thought about taking off the top half of the range and having just a $0.10 range, that seemed a little tight for us only halfway through the year. And so, we thought that adding another $0.05 to give us a little bit of room would be the smart thing to do.
Michael C. Kaufmann: No. That was just specific overall, just to try to be helpful. Obviously, you'll be able to estimate we think the second half will be, and then I just wanted to give you a little thought that Q3 would be bigger than Q4 mainly because that's the quarter where you see the majority of the branded inflation. Anyways, as you know, that's typically the quarter where you see it. And so, I thought you guys are all going to be thinking Q3 is bigger than Q4 generally because it historically always is. But I just wanted to give you little thoughts around that it should be about slightly bigger than Q4, to give you a little help.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think the only thing I would add is, as you mentioned, generic pharmaceutical pricing is a key driver, and I think the timing of the three distributors' year ends is an important factor to consider. When you think that what we really saw, the impact of that was really in our Q1 and if our – I'll just put it simply, if our year-end had been three months later, we probably wouldn't be revising guidance because we would've had some insight and built that into the year. If our year-end had been three months earlier, we probably would've had a bigger miss because we would've had even less insight into it. So it's difficult to compare when you have three different year ends.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Well, I think one feeds the other. The competitiveness in the generic market is what drove the revision to the generics being down net high-single digit deflation for the year, because it's made up of two key components: pricing from the manufacturers, which we said we haven't seen really much variability from what we expected for the year; and then our pricing downstream to the customers. The combination of those two drive that factor. And so, since we've seen, like we said, more aggressive pricing in the market early on in the year – although again we've seen some positive signs lately – that is what drove that number to be down high-single digits.
Michael C. Kaufmann: As far as actually giving growth percentages, I don't want to necessarily step right into that, but I do think that – again, just trying to be helpful. If you take what you obviously think the guidance for the year is and take a look at the second half, we just want to give you a little bit of color that Q3 would be slightly larger than Q4.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Generally, probably, overall that's not a bad assumption. Again, we have to think through all the pieces and how it relates over a full year because you've got comps and stuff through the prior year. But if you think about certain things like if the generic market has stabilized – which again we say early results we've seen – will lap Safeway in the fourth quarter, then you have the $21 million step-up in Q3 that completely goes away. So you do have some large moving parts that kind of settle out during the year, but you're going to continue to have positives like Red Oak and some of the other initiatives that we're driving that continue to be tailwinds for us. But, yeah, a lot of those things that have created some noise in the P&L should either be stabilizing or we should be lapping.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. It's a great question. It's hard to know whether or not we'll see another set of increases or what they'll be for the rest of the year, but we still believe that our estimate of 7% to 9% for the full fiscal year is approximately the right number to be at. Again, that's a range that – obviously, there's some variability into that. So we're trying to take into account all of those factors as to whether or not there should be. I would also mention that, again, most of the price increases in the second half do happen in January. So we have seen a lot of it. So the amount of it in the second half that's left to go is not necessarily huge.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I'd say, I guess, the first comment again kind of emphasizing what George said on Red Oak, right, the ultimate – for lack of a better word – game in generics is while you can have a deflating sell price, but if you're managing your costs better you can always be expanding your margins. And so, if you're asking me do I think we're in a great position with Red Oak. Absolutely, based on what George said. I have a ton of faith in the team, the analytics. The fact that we are the largest in that standpoint I feel really good about that. As far as Red Oak, working together with the sell-side, there's actually no cutover. Red Oak doesn't do anything or have anything to do with what our sell price should be. Their goal is to ultimately go out and get us the best absolute cost. And then, we actually have a firewall between the two, because I think it's incredibly important that our selling side folks aren't actually seeing the cost of our generics because I don't what that to influence how they decide to price. We want the price to market and we want to make sure we're overall evaluating our overall selling proposition. So we actually have a very strong firewall between our sell-side decisions and our costing decisions with Red Oak.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. We knew about all of that in the past, as we mentioned before. All of that was factored into our guidance.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, absolutely. When you take a look at the historical patterns and even so far what we seen this year, is the branded price increases are heavily more weighted to the January timeframe than any other time. Probably that mid-summer timeframe is the second largest, but it's by far larger in the January timeframe. And again, to emphasize, if I had to talk about the three variables, I would rank them in order of generics by far being the largest, and then the taxes only because of its variability between quarters, and then brand being the smallest of the three at least for our mix of products and what we're expecting.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I'd just again emphasize that at the time in December we didn't have quite as much information as we did by the end, and bottom line is it just settled out a little lower than we expected it to across all of the channels where we sell generics. But the good news is, it seems to have stabilized at that lower level and we just needed to update where we were for the rest of the year.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I would say that it would be more of a next 12 months type of a thing. Right now, it's less than $0.15. I would expect it to get to that $0.10 range within the next 12 months.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Just a couple of quick comments. I would say, if you think about Specialty, just separate it in two different businesses – services upside, the biopharma downstream to the providers – both are growing significantly. On the downstream side, although we've lapped the Metro Medical acquisition, it continues to perform very well in some of the areas where we weren't as strong before the acquisition. For instance, we were strong in oncology. They were very strong in rheumatology and nephrology, and those areas continue to go very well for us. And the team down there executes very well. So we're seeing very strong growth downstream on the provider side. That's going to be our more lower-margin typical distribution type of margin business. And then, upside on the biopharma side, the strong areas have really been our hub, our 3PL business and our scientific and regulatory businesses are all doing very nicely. And these are going to be much higher-margin services businesses. So when you blend it together, it makes for a nice mix for us.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Sure. As you can imagine, any time when you're not performing at the level that you would expect yourself and hold yourself accountable to delivering, you're going to get after managing your expenses maybe even tighter than you normally would. And so, I think that both the Pharma and the Med team, even though the Med team's performing very strongly, they're also paying attention to their expenses too, because we're all one company. We're all Cardinal. But the Pharma side is just being very thoughtful about where they're making investments, trying to prioritize; and I do want to emphasize, we're still making investments. It's important to know that while we're paying attention to our SG&A, we're also at the same time prioritizing things that are still important to our future and investing in those. So I would say it's really about tight focus, prioritization and just managing through those types of things.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I think we're going to continue to see some fluctuation in our margin rates in Medical, but I do think that you're now starting to see a margin rate where we would expect it to be. As you said, we've never given up on our goal to be at 5.75%, both through our organic growth and inorganic moves that we'll continue to make. I think that you're going to see big wins like Kaiser, that we talked about, while that's a distribution customer, it's going to be margin dilutive because it's more margin. It's more of a distribution business. And then, you're going to see adding businesses like Cordis, which are going to be higher margin. Then you're going to see us convert our customers to more Cardinal Health Brand products, which is going to increase our margin rates, grow our at Home business, which is growing our margin rates as well as naviHealth. So I think we have a lot of moving parts in Medical that should continue to help us with the momentum on growing our margin rates on that side of the business.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Mike, you said it about perfectly. Yeah, we're not anticipating any more stock repurchases in the second half. However, if there is an opportunity and depending on where our cash sits, we may opportunistically do that. But right now, we're not planning to do that at this point.
Michael C. Kaufmann: That's a tough question, because I don't really want to speak for our competitors. And I'm not sure of the timing of exactly when they are launching and all the different pieces of when they go-to-market. But I will say that as you can imagine, our Red Oak team is paying attention to that, has great relationships with the manufacturers and will be paying attention to that to make sure that we are costed appropriately for our size and simplicity and transparency of our model. And other than that, that's probably all I can say.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. And to answer your other question around generics and being able to execute on that, I think that just depends very differently on how you go to market, the size of that customer, whether it even deserves a repricing, and then how you go about that, how your relationships are with the manufacturer. So I think that can vary drastically and dramatically between different players in the marketplace. I know we feel really good about when we combined how quickly we executed, but I'm not sure I can say that anybody else would go faster or slower than us.
George S. Barrett: Right. Ricky, my comments were specifically about the generic environment, which is what I thought you were asking about. But I think Mike captured the more broad perspective on this.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Ross. I'll just do this very generally and probably consistent with the comments we've made in the past. We continue to look for opportunities to grow our business organically and certainly through the strength of our balance sheet. And so, to the extent that we see opportunities to grow capabilities that we think have sustainable competitive advantage, position us for this continually evolving market, we will not be shy to look at those opportunities. But, again, hopefully you'll expect from us discipline in doing that. But certainly a part of the equation for us is how we use our balance sheet, and that may be through activities that are available external to us and the other ways that we deploy capital.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. And I think the other thing, again, just as a moving part, movement here is not as relevant economically as what we were describing in generic.
George S. Barrett: What I would add to this, George, is that I do think our telemarketing operations give us, on the sell-side, probably a very nice line of sight because we're having so much daily dialogue with the pharmacy world. So, I think, as good a line of sight as we can. But, as you know, this year has been a little bit more difficult to model than past years, but we're a little bit encouraged by the more recent signs.
George S. Barrett: Steve, I'll do the best I can on this because these are complex markets. I would say, in general, we saw what we thought to be a pretty unusual flurry of activity in the early part of our fiscal year. And our expectation, just based on sort of history, was we see those things from time to time and they tend to stabilize and revert back to more normal patterns if you don't see significant movement of share. And I would say that's probably what we saw. So what happened during a period of time was that the steepness of the curve was sharper. It was a more steep downward curve. There's always erosion on the sell price. That's sort of the normal pattern. But the rate, the steepness of that curve was a little heightened. And our feeling was that what we might see and we expected to see was a bit of a calming down of that at some point. And I think that's largely as best as we can describe that dynamic.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. So there were a couple of parts to that question, Jon. I just want to make sure I got them right. One is, I think you're saying what's driving it, if I got it right. Again, there's multiple components. What's driving it? Do we see it as sustainable? And the impact to margin rates? So let me start with the basics. I think we're driving it and have been very consistently been driving growth in two primary areas. One is our reach across therapeutic areas has just become dramatically larger over these last three to four years. So we were present in certain areas in the institution and then we started to grow our oncology businesses. We've expanded into urology and rheumatology. And so, I would say our overall footprint downstream in therapeutic areas right now is very strong, and that just makes us a stronger partner for anyone. On the upstream, I think we've started to build more tools and capabilities for the manufacturer partners and, in particular, I'd highlight our patient hub. And this is a time where manufacturers really want to connect with their patients and I think our hub allows us to do that. So we do see continued progress in our Specialty business. As it relates to margin rates, we don't break out the specific margin rates in Specialty versus sort of traditional Pharma. Having said that, we don't see the Specialty as being dilutive to it. And, again, Mike, I'll ask you to just qualify anything I (50:35).
George S. Barrett: Yeah. It's a great question, Mike. I appreciate it. So let me do the best I can. One of the interesting things about our business is that our fundamental strategic direction has been set really for a number of years, and we actually have a strategic plan in process that we do with 100 or so people in the organization a couple of times a year. And as it turns out, we had one just a few days after the election. And the first thing we did with the group was put out a chart in front of them and said, these are our priorities, these are the trends in healthcare. What changes? And with the exception of the fact that we're going to have to deal with some policy issues along the way, fundamentally the directions are clear. Demographics will not turn backwards. We know it's an inexorable march. We know that care is going to move to more ambulatory settings, move to different settings. We know that there's going to be a focus on efficiency and coordination of care, that the post-acute world is going to be important. So we built our strategy around those things. So it's been really interesting to try to sort of navigate the short-term stuff, but keep our eye very much on the long-term. Here's what I'd say just very, very generally about the two things you mentioned, the Affordable Care Act and the tax-related issues. The President, the majority party have made it very clear that their intentions are to repeal the Act through the budget reconciliation process. And through that, as you probably know, they can eliminate components of the law. But they've also reaffirmed their commitment to retain certain aspects of the law like the pre-existing conditions requirements. So again, these are complex moving parts. And so, the things that we're doing is making sure that there is an educator reminding people about whether we're going to replace, or rebuild, or repair, or whatever the right term is. We want to make sure that there is a stable insurance foundation to support it, and that sort of is a key opening part to it. And we think that is at this point well understood, and that the timelines are probably going to adjust a little bit as people try to figure out how to navigate that. We'll make sure our voice is heard. On the tax proposals, we generally have been a supporter, as you know, of tax reform. But again we want to make sure that we are educators and informers on certain dynamic. So, for example, you know that many Medical products including some of ours are made outside of the U.S. and related facilities. And so, we just want to make sure that that information is well understood as policies are starting to come through. So, yeah, there was interesting time both as Cardinal Health and certainly in my new role as Chair of HLC. But I think we're well-positioned broadly, and I think we're nimble enough to continue to adapt to short-term dynamics at work.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, Eric, if it's okay, I will do this because we don't break out individual pieces, and we certainly don't want to break out individual customers. But remember I talked to you about and someone asked earlier lead indicators. So they are all looking green. Our Pharmaceutical – excuse me, our Medical/Surgical distribution business is probably the healthiest position we've seen it in quite some time. So we're seeing really a very good organic activity and growth there. So I think I can answer qualitatively without breaking out the individual pieces for you.
George S. Barrett: So there are two parts to this, so let me answer the second part first. I'm not sure there's a company more focused on the community pharmacy and pharmacy industry, in general. We believe that they're going to be a key player. As healthcare continues to evolve, we have shortages of primary care physicians. We think pharmacists will and should play a more active role. We're doing an incredible amount of work through Jon Giacomin's organization to make sure that we're close to them and providing all of the solutions and tools that can help them compete in the market, and actually help them provide cognitive care which we think is very important. Going back to your first point, I might want to make an important note about this because we've gotten a few questions. We are a player in oncology and, as such, we've been a member of Community Oncology Alliance. And as a member of that, we have funded research. But you specifically referred to a particular project. We do not direct the researchers' – the subjects. So it's just important for me to comment on that. So we've had questions about that paper. We didn't specifically fund a paper on this. We are basically part of an alliance, and that group does research. But the summary of what I'm describing is our work around community pharmacy and around pharmacy in general, is very much a part of what we do. Whether it's through generic programs, the abilities to help them tie to a hospital system or to a post-acute facility or to set up a diabetes center, we've done a huge amount of work in providing tools to help community pharmacy compete in what is for all of us an interesting and challenging environment.
George S. Barrett: Sure. Thank you, Eric, and thanks all of you for your questions today. Our organization, just in summary, remains focused on execution, on driving our strategic priorities, on making sure that we are creating what I would say is, again, sustainable value creation for our partners and for patients and for you all. And we look forward to seeing you all in the near future, and thanks for joining us on the call today.
