Jason Hollar: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we're pleased to deliver another quarter demonstrating progress against our plans with our Q3 results led by continued momentum and growth in the Pharma segment. With a strong overall performance in the quarter and our increased confidence in the rest of the year, we are raising and narrowing our fiscal '23 EPS and adjusted free cash flow guidance. Our Pharma business is a resilient and growing business where we're well positioned given our critical role in the pharmaceutical supply chain and strong and diverse customer base. We've seen ongoing stability in the underlying fundamentals of the business, including consistent market dynamics in our generics program. We've also seen continued broad-based strength in pharmaceutical demand spanning across product categories and classes of trade. Pharma team is executing our plans to build upon this growth, both in our core distribution operations and in Specialty, where we're focused on capturing the increasing demand for Specialty Products and Services. In short, we're pleased with the resiliency and strength of the business and to be able to raise our Pharma outlook for fiscal '23. Medical, we remain confident in our medical improvement plan target of at least $650 million of segment profit by fiscal '25, driven by our inflation mitigation and growth initiatives. While we are making progress with the second consecutive quarter of positive segment profit, we remain focused on taking actions to drive more predictable financial performance in line with this business's underlying potential. For several quarters now, we've seen demand for our higher margin Cardinal Health brand products remain generally stagnant, which we've reflected in our updated fiscal '23 outlook. We continue to achieve progress with inflation mitigation, the number one key to returning the business to a more normalized level of profitability. Across the enterprise, we are operating with urgency to drive our businesses forward. We're collectively focused on our three key strategic priorities of executing on the medical improvement plan, building on the growth and resiliency of the Pharmaceutical segment, and maintaining a relentless focus on maximizing shareholder value. I'll provide some further updates on our continued progress shortly, but first, let me turn it over to Aaron to review our results and updated outlook.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Thanks, Michael. Yes. Let's break down the inflation into the components as a way of giving you the pieces I think you're asking for there. And we've given you enough of this, you can back into these numbers, but let me just be really explicit around the impact of inflation across the quarters in fiscal '23 and what that then implies for '24 and beyond. And I think that will get at most of your questions. So the first half of the year, namely within Q2, somewhere around Q1, Q2, we saw the peak net impact of inflation, gross inflation net of the mitigation actions. And then specifically in Q2, we had about $100 million included in our reported Medical segment earnings. Now we have had improvements over the course of the last quarter. So in Q3, we saw both the ongoing pricing dynamics as expected and the costs continue to be incurred at lower levels as expected. And what that did then was drove a P&L benefit related to those mitigation actions of $20 million to $30 million for the quarter. The difference in the quarter is that both Q3 as well as Q4, our volumes are now expected to be lower. So what we see in the P&L is a little bit less than what we had anticipated. But what we're spending on those incurred costs are coming in as expected. So again, that's Q2 to Q3, a $20 million to $30 million improvement in the net impact. And then we expect pricing to continue to improve as we roll over more and more contracts into the new permit structure. And then we have ongoing the international freight especially continue to roll through our P&L, again, at a slower pace than originally anticipated, but we still expect that benefit in the fourth quarter, and that's another $20 million to $30 million. So as you think about that Q2 to Q4 journey, that's $40 million to $60 million or let's call it about $50 million of benefit just related to the mitigation actions. So again, the actions are entirely consistent with our expectations. It's just that volume component is effectively delaying the benefit of what we see until some of it spilling over into fiscal '24 more than what we had anticipated. So that's the biggest part of the bridge because our guidance implies an $80 million-ish type of run rate in the fourth quarter. And so getting that Q2 to Q4, $50 million of that, that kind of gets you there. Now to your point, in Q3, there were some nonrecurring items, some puts and takes that we don't anticipate will continue on into Q4, let alone 2024 and 2025. So that's kind of in and out and not really something to think about so much in terms of that overall bridge. Now the last part of this story then is, okay, so that gets you to the run rate of about $80 million in the fourth quarter. And as I said, we started with $100 million at the beginning of the year, Q2 impacted because of inflation. The $20 million to $30 million each quarter takes you down to the $50 million in Q4. That implies that in that $80 million of profit as we exit the year in our Q4 results, still includes $50 million for the quarter related to the net impact of inflation. That's the opportunity that we remain committed to. Nothing we're talking about here is different than our expectations. I continue to expect us to fully mitigate through pricing of the ongoing renewals as well as this cost will continue to come down in terms of what impacts our P&L. We do not anticipate significant further reductions in other commodity areas, but we do expect that international freight will stay at the low levels that it currently is at. Next question please.
Jason Hollar: As you would expect, Lisa. First of all, good morning. I'm not going to comment on the any of the rumors or speculation. What I'll say is nuclear is a fantastic business. In our segment footnote, we break out the revenue that's trending a little above $1 billion. It did increase a bit here because of some RevRec changes that's taking our revenue growth at well over 30%. But the kind of the normalized level of revenue growth has been in the low double-digit type of revenue growth. So it's been growing nicely. We've never broken out the margin, but we have indicated it's a higher than average margin. So it's a growing business. It's a strong business and a great secular area. And that's all that we're going to say about that. Next question please.
Jason Hollar: Yes. There's a few components I can provide some additional color on. First of all, we've highlighted the some of the categories. So PPE, we've highlighted the destocking situation still. So we're not seeing anything new or different there. We have some other categories like our lab business, which is actually seeing a little bit of a headwind sequentially. Nothing too significant, but it's certainly with COVID originally and then with flu testing, we had some pretty good volume over the last couple of years, and that's getting more normalized. So we have some headwinds like that. For the other non-PPE type of Cardinal Health brand categories that are important to us, especially from a margin perspective, what we have to go back to is just highlight that a couple of years ago, last year, we saw some very significant supply chain constraints. And at that time, we were not able to get our customers the products that they needed. Fortunately, we've been working very hard on that. Our product availability, our product health, our customer service levels are at levels we've not seen since before the pandemic. So we're in really, really good shape now, but we were not getting all the products to our customers that they needed over that period of time. And we lost some opportunity as a result of that. So that's why we're not benefiting from as much of the growth right now. I do think that the underlying utilization is improving. We're not getting our fair share of that. And that's where we're very focused on further investments in our capacity, further investments and product innovation, but also just making certain that we keep our service levels ever increasing to levels that are really exciting our customers, so that they want to buy more and more of that product from us. And we're in the best position we've been in, in years and have more confidence that we'll get there. This is an important part of the medical improvement plan, right? It's one of the four pillars of growth. And so we are anticipating further improvements. It is about 20% of the actions necessary for us to hit the $50 million-plus target. That's why we're very focused on the other actions as well to see if we can over deliver and derisk this. But we do believe that utilization will continue to improve overall for the market, and we are better positioned now than we've been in a long time to participate in that, and I feel good about our prospects to see that growth, especially as we get into fiscal '24.
Jason Hollar: Yes. In short, very confident that we'll continue to appropriately be compensated for our activity-based value. So this is not any different than the various other types of adjustments we've had to make over the years, and it's something that I think we've demonstrated makes sense to make the appropriate adjustments. The other thing I'd highlight is the starting point for a product like this is not real strong margins to start with. So there's not a big profit pool from which to draw value from. So we do expect to be compensated for the value that we provide and we'll continue to monitor and follow. One thing we had talked about in the past on this type of topic is where I have the most concern is when we don't have sufficient visibility to changes and that something would just kind of fall in our lab at the last minute because it does require some renegotiation, restructuring in some cases of how the arrangements are made. This one is a little bit more straightforward, and we feel like we can negotiate the appropriate outcome for it. And we certainly have the time for it. But the distinction is if there's ever any really short-term type of impact, and that would be needed to be addressed separately.
Jason Hollar: Yes. So as it relates to share I think when you look back at our volume, we had a step down in volume in Q3 and Q4 of last year. And again that was -- there was a lot of PPE that came out there. We clearly lost share there. It is a business that's a commodity business for us. It's important for our customers. We participate as needed. We source most of that product. So it's a category that's not our priority. What's most important is that we take care of our customer needs. In the non-Cardinal volume, and we also saw some weakness there, as I mentioned before, the supply chain constraints. So as other providers had capacity then we would have had a lower share as a result of that. Again I think there's been very little of that change since then. Our service levels and our product health have improved dramatically even over the course of fiscal '23. So I do not believe that we have everything that we're seeing from a new contracting perspective has been consistent with our expectations here this year. So I don't see anything new there. But we are dealing with some impacts that happened over the last couple of years. That part is the case. Your second question, I think, I answered it before in terms of the timing associated with the commodity impact is really the international freight is the big one that's reduced. And that reduced significantly six to nine months ago. And that's why right now, we're on the cusp of having to hit our P&L favorably or benefit our P&L is because we typically have two to three quarters' worth of inventory. Why it's spilling over into '24 is that our volumes have been lower than anticipated. And so it's taking a little bit longer for us to recognize that benefit. I've not called out any significant movements on other commodities. There's clearly movement. There's some better. There's some that have not improved. Overall, it's consistent with our expectations. We expected a little bit of an improvement across the board, and we just haven't seen anything more than that outside of international freight. We do have some categories that are just staying very high like nonwovens, where there's a bit of a geopolitical impact on those types of costs and not just on raw input costs. And so that is something that may or may not change in the future. It's why we have to have the right structure in the contract, if there's a further shock to be able to have more flexibility with our price adjustments. But overall, we're seeing the other commodities continue to be pretty stable, admittedly at fairly high levels, but they're not changing enough to really impact our overall message here. And by the way, as those change, our pricing will change. Our objective is to offset this. We're not expecting to make a margin on this. But if those come down more quickly, then at some point, I would imagine that those costs will adjust -- those prices will adjust consistent with that. But right now, we are still absorbing $50 million, well, $50 million to $75 million right now per quarter of those costs, and that's why our prices do need to still keep increasing until those two lines converge, which we think will be, again, closer to the end of fiscal '24.
Jason Hollar: Thanks, Eric. We called out favorable volume and mix and consistent market dynamics. As we've highlighted many times before, it's important to look at the total of both sides, buy and sell. And we continue to think those overall dynamics are fairly well balanced. And there will be ongoing volatility on one direction or the other, one side or the other, but it's the importance of Red Oak Sourcing and continue to deliver the best-in-class service levels as well as cost. And we feel very good about our competitive positioning there and why we think the margin per unit will continue to be as expected and not as much a part of the story than as the volume in the mix.
Jason Hollar: Well, if I could, I think I might know where he's going with the question. I think he was leading up to -- I'm guessing that he's leading up to, were there any deviations from that. I mean what we saw was really broad-based performance throughout our Pharma segment. I meant -- I've asked -- answered questions about nuclear, nuclear was just like our other businesses this quarter. We referenced generics. We referenced brand. We referenced specialty. We saw a strong performance across the board. Utilization is certainly strong across the board. I also wanted to highlight our performance on delivering this very strong volume was also positive. The one thing to maybe add to this as well, the -- we talked about a new customer that was onboarded Q3 of last year. And that was -- they were onboarded in the prior year Q3, but there's always a ramp-up process there. So we did see some benefit this quarter relative to last year in terms of this customer now being fully onboarded. So we had a bit of a benefit there, not to the extent of what we saw in the last couple of quarters. And then the last piece that has been -- was very robust this quarter as well. That was not the case in the prior year, certainly were the GLP-1s that Aaron had mentioned. So it was a combination of strength across customer class customers, trade -- class of trade as well as the individual business units. All right. So now you can go ahead to the next question.
Jason Hollar: Yes. And I'll just add, the way Aaron put it was perfect as it relates to true nonrecurring items, the only one that we could think of that way would have been -- it depends on your assumption of what you think brand inflation will be next year. That was modest. The other part that we did call out that was a benefit from a growth rate perspective year-over-year is that we do see some of our costs related to opioid legal fees and our ERP implementation running a little bit lower than anticipated. Now those are -- that's nonrecurring, right? It just means that we have gotten to a bit more of a normalized level quicker than what we had anticipated. So I do not expect there to be further significant improvements in the out periods out years related to those costs going down even further. It will be something that we'll continue to evaluate and provide updates if that's the case. But it's for those reasons why our implied growth rate in Q4 is more normalized. It's also why we're not communicating anything differently right now for our longer-term targets. And we'll certainly revisit that point when we come together at the Investor Day on June 8th. But generally speaking, we're seeing the strength, whether it's the new customer, the brand inflation or some of these cost drivers trending in the right direction, are all items that we think we are normalizing now on a go-forward basis and why you should expect more normalized margins from here on out.
Jason Hollar: Well, I'm not going to go into the mechanics of a product level contracts and structure. Just go back and reiterate that we feel very confident about our process, our experience, our history with any type of change that comes any other product. Again, as a distributor, we play a role. We play the role of getting the product from the manufacturers to those who need it. And with that will always be changes in the structure and how we go about it. But we -- nothing is different in today's environment than what's been present for the last 50 years of our existence when we'll have to continue to adapt and evolve with this and that's enough to be said there.
Jason Hollar: Well, so it depends on the time frame we're talking about, but for fiscal '25, our ultimate goal of the $650 million that volume impact we're talking about will not materially impact at all the recognition of the inflation mitigation. That is something that does have some volatility quarter-to-quarter, which is exactly what we highlighted as one of the drivers in the guidance change for this year. But it's not something that will impact significantly the future quarters let alone when we get to fiscal '25. And so I think about volume, the volume component of the order of magnitude of the impact and the benefit that we expect for growing this volume is that $75 million that we have on one of the slides in the presentation, that volume pillar of growing Cardinal Health brand products, that is the order of magnitude we're talking about. And so I do not believe long-term that, that spills over and impacts the mitigation and the cost side of that. So you can think about those as independent as it relates to the longer term impacts, they are a bit more mix in the terms of the short term and what that does to how quickly we recognize that, that lower cost, but that is very much just a short-term timing effect.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Great. Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I know that we threw a lot out at you today, but we have a lot going on as an organization and just wanted to share the progress with you and give you more insight to a lot of the key drivers. If I step back and just think about what we went through, certainly, feel terrific about the progress that we're making across the enterprise. Pharma has, of course, a fantastic quarter, a fantastic year, broad-based as we talked. On the Medical side of the business, we have opportunity. We're very, very focused on driving the medical improvement plan. We feel really good about the progress we made are clearly making in three of those four pillars. We have work to do on the underlying volume. We'll have more confidence in where the market is going for that volume also have confidence in the leading indicators that will take for us to get our fair share of that volume. Of course, also, we're very pleased with the cash performance that we had and that we talked about today and that raising that guidance, narrowing the guidance as well. It highlights both the strong cash management that we have, but also the responsible capital deployment that's going along with that. So just again, thank you for your time today and look forward to seeing you all of you at the Investor Day on June 8th.
Aaron Alt: Good morning. Happy to talk about the Pharma business. First, just let me repeat a little bit of what I said in my prepared remarks, which is we are really pleased with the performance of the Pharma business and what the team is accomplishing in that core part of our business the resiliency and the strength that they showed in Q3 based on the progress on the generics platform as well as some strength in the brand portfolio and the double-digit growth in specialty allowed us to be able to lean forward and raise our guidance for the year for the Pharma business. I want to highlight a couple of things as you think about Q4, which I think was the point of your question, which is, while we expect to see continued good news relative to the operational performance and a stable macro environment, with the strong underlying fundamentals we laid out, it is important to note that Q4 last year was a strong quarter for us, and so we're lapping a higher point. It's also the case that we'll have less benefit from some nonrecurring items that we called out in our prepared remarks earlier as well. And so overall, strong performance in Q3, looking forward to a good Q4. But careful in our expectation setting.
Aaron Alt: Well, I think the benefit of them being nonrecurring items is they won't recur into fiscal '24. If your question is more on Q4, I think the answer is similar in that way. For the Pharma segment, we saw strength across the board. It was a stable macro situation. We had the strong underlying fundamentals. We have the good operational performance as well. We did see some modest benefit from branded manufacturer price increases and this being the third quarter for us as well, which we don't -- we don't predict are going to repeat as we carry forward. And so I think the story for us for Pharma was a good year so far, a good quarter for Q3. We have -- we raised our guidance for the year, and we'll talk more about fiscal '24 and indeed our long-term expectations for the business during our Investor Day on June 8th.
Aaron Alt: And then with respect to biosimilars, what we would say is that we are quite well positioned to support the next phase of growth over the next several years in that expanding therapeutic area on the sites of care. It's going to -- we believe it's going to come predominantly from products with a greater retailer or a specialty pharmacy presence, which plays to our strength as well as new therapeutic areas such as immunology and ophthalmology. And so we -- our expectation is it will be a tailwind for us as we push ahead into the end of fiscal year '23 and beyond.
Aaron Alt: Well, we have not provided fiscal year '24 guidance. We're pleased to report the strong performance in Q3. As we've talked about, and indeed, we did raise our guidance overall for Pharma. For the year, we're now expecting the profit guidance to be 10.5% to 12% for the full year. That's in contrast to our earlier guidance of low single digit to mid-single digit. So we are expecting a good finish to the year from this business, and we're excited to see you all on June 8th at our Investor Day presentation.
