Michael C. Kaufmann: Hey, thanks for the question, Ross. A lot of pieces there. And as you said at the beginning, we're going to really be limited here because we really want to take some time and continue our analysis and update folks at the time of our year end guidance, and at that time. So right now all I can say is you kind of talked about it. As you can imagine, we see some tailwinds from things like tax reform and Red Oak. But some of the other items that you mentioned around repricings and other pieces are going to be some headwinds for us. So right now, what we can provide you is, and we just, again, want to try to be helpful at this time is that we would expect to see modest growth off of the $4.85 to $4.95 guidance that we gave you. And we plan to come back with a lot more detail and thoughts around that in August.
Michael C. Kaufmann: And if you remember last time on the call, we also mentioned that with U.S. tax reform, the positives of it, because we're a June 30 year-end, we had the six months' worth of that. But as we mentioned before, we wouldn't be able to see those benefits double in our FY 2019 because some of the other components of the Tax Reform Act that have a negative impact on us don't actually kick in until our FY 2019. And that, we said we would still be evaluating those and we're still at that point because there's still some clarity being given on those items and so we're still working through those. Again, we said that U.S. tax reform would still be a net positive for us in 2019. But because some of those negative items don't kick in until July 1, we're still evaluating those too.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Thank you. Actually, don't see it as either one of those. First of all, I think the change in management, for us, we really feel lucky that we were able to take Jon Giacomin who has a tremendous track record as our leader on our Pharmaceutical segment and someone I've worked with a long time, and actually has a lot of knowledge of the Medical business based on some of his prior history within Cardinal, or outside of Cardinal and within Cardinal. So John has been moved over to be CEO of the segment and he'll bring a very disciplined and focused approach to what all we're doing there. And then we changed out the leader of the Cordis business with someone who was actually running our Asia-Pac business within Cordis, which was doing incredibly well. He's a very seasoned leader, knowledgeable of the business, has a good track record with the business, and is a guy that we have a lot of faith in. So as far as leadership changes, we've made those two initially and we'll continue to add some talent in the Medical segment in some areas that we think could be beneficial. We actually feel really good about our portfolio in Medical. What we're disappointed on is really just our execution in a few areas, again particularly and primarily related to Cordis. So I don't really see an absolute need to add pieces. I think in the future we still completely believe in the strategy of having a product business on top of a distribution business. And after we get a chance to absorb the Patient Recovery acquisition and get the Cordis business back on a growth trajectory, we'll continue to look at more pieces. But I don't think we need to have those. And at this point in time, we're always going to be evaluating our entire portfolio but there's nothing sticking out to me that there's something that we need to shed in order to be able to operate effectively going forward.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I think – look we always have to balance what we try to disclose to be helpful to you guys as while as what's a competitive situation. But what we're really saying is we're not at all saying that we think it's deteriorating. In fact, what we're seeing is that it is moderating from last year and sequentially from the last quarter. So all we're saying is that originally when we looked at our point to point number, we expected to finish in the mid-single digits down from point to point. And as we look at it, we think it might be slightly worse than that from that point-to-point, but still better sequentially and versus the prior year. And so we continue to see it moderate. So we aren't seeing – and I wouldn't characterize it as seeing it more aggressive, necessarily, pricing in the market. We just didn't – it's just not moderating as much as we originally thought it might. Next question, please.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Obviously, we can't go into any customer details, but I'll try to be helpful here. Optum is clearly one of them and Optum is one of our largest customers and we're excited to renew and expand our relationship with them. We also have repriced some of our other customers during this year. And so as you can imagine from our budget process, roll in the impact year-over-year for that. And as we looked out at our contract expirations over the next 12 to 18 months, we also take a look at those to understand the timing of when some of those customers may reprice and build all of that in. So that's what we take into account to do that and we do expect that to be something that we have a larger maybe portion than normal to do next year and that's why those customer repricings are significant for us.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks. Couple things. First of all, I would say inventory reserves are one of the biggest issues we're having. As we came off the TSAs and have been working through this, our ability to be able to understand all of the demand signals, roll those demand signals up, turn those into manufacturing plans and then correspondingly having visibility to both the consigned inventory as well as our own inventory across our network on Cordis, particularly outside the U.S. It's obviously much easier for us in the U.S. but outside the U.S. has been much more difficult than we expected it to be. As we said in prior quarters, we said we would be rolling out some IT projects and solutions. We rolled one of those out in this past quarter which started giving us more visibility to our inventory and as you might expect, as we rolled that out, that visibility pointed out to us that we had some inventory that needed to be reserved against due to excess amounts in certain parts of the world. So that drove some inventory write-offs that we had and we're going to be rolling out some further detail IT systems to give us more clarity. And so we believe that we're going to be working through some challenges and getting our inventory at the right levels in the right spots in order to – and that's probably going to create – has and probably will create some inventory reserve challenges. Second of all, when you don't have as good of demand signals, it's hard to run your manufacturing plants as efficiently as you would like to and so that's been a challenge for us on our cost side. And so as we get better visibility into that, we'll be able to do the types of things we need to do in our manufacturing plant to reduce cost. And lastly, setting up the ex-U.S or O-U.S. cost structure related to the commercial organization and the other pieces has been more costly than we anticipated. And we so far have been erring to doing everything we need to do to support our sales team so we don't have any impact on our top line. And that has caused us to have more expenses than we expected to, again, particularly outside the U.S. where 70% of Cordis' business are. So that's the big things that are causing it. And as you can imagine, we have work plans on each one of those to get after those in order to get us back on track for profitable growth at the end of 2019.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, I would say it's more normal course of business. We operate in a very competitive environment. And while we have great relationships with our customers, they're always looking for us to be able to provide some additional value to them. But this is nothing where we're seeing necessarily different pricing in the market or competitive nature than we have in the past. We just have a large share of repricings ahead of us in 2019 that we're going to need to work through. Next question, please.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. It's really Cordis, is by far the biggest component of it. It is – again we rolled out that inventory system during, late in our quarter. And as we rolled up and took a look at our inventory really for the first time to be able to see it a lot more clearly across the globe, it created a large inventory write-off in the quarter that was a significant hit to our operating earnings in Medical. Exam gloves also continues to be a challenge in the quarter, but that was the biggest one with the Cordis write-off. Then, as part of your work what you have to do is you then have to re-look at your forecast for Cordis. And what happens is when you take a look at our inventory write-offs we've had, the performance of the business, as I mentioned, the various components, and you forecast where you're going to be for the year. As Jorge gave some color on, it changed where we believe our income was going to be in various jurisdictions and that caused us to have to go back and restate what we expect the tax impact would be on Cordis. I know that's below the line, but that was what drove the tax component that also had the impact on EPS that we mentioned.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Oh, absolutely. Had we had it in place, we probably would've seen some write-offs at that time. But it's again hard to know. You do the best you can with the visibility you had. It rolled off. Well, when the system rolled on, we got better visibility. We were able to assess in a better way what our inventory situation needed to be from the reserves.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks for the question, Ricky. I'm not how – as far as the comment around Red Oak being a headwind. Red Oak was absolutely not a headwind at all. Red Oak has been and continues to be a tailwind for us and we feel actually absolutely great about Red Oak. We think they continue to perform better than anyone in the market. We like our model. We like where we're going. We like our talent. No issues at all with Red Oak; continues to be a tailwind. What I was trying to indicate was that the generic deflation within the quarter was more than the over performance of Red Oak and so just to tie that piece out. And so in total, what we're saying that we're not seeing anything really different in the marketplace from pricing pressures from our customers or from competitors. So we don't see the environment being different than we had been expecting it to be other than we just looked at where we actually thought we would finish at June 30. And when we were looking at that, we thought that we might not be – we said we'd be down mid single digits. And we think we might be somewhere between mid-single and high-single digits. But again, still better sequentially and better than last year on where generic deflation is. So my summary would be Red Oak's still a tailwind. Generic deflation is moderating. It's just that Red Oak is not enough itself in order to offset what we saw toward generic deflation in the quarter.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. At this point in time we'll take a look at that and give some more color when we come out with our 2018 guidance. We still have a lot of work that would – or, I'm sorry, our 2019 guidance. We still have a lot of work to do to understand all the various components of both the Pharma and Medical segment and we'll do that and give more color in August.
Michael C. Kaufmann: No, thanks. Good question and I appreciate it, Lisa. I think you hit it pretty well there in the fact that when we first bought Cordis, again, we think that it fits within our ability to bundle and work with our customers to bring a total package of products that our value proposition could help them have equal or better products at lower cost. So we think it fits well within our overall product offering to customers in the U.S. And then externally, it really helped us get a base of being able to grow and sell our products outside the United States. By being 70% of its volume outside the U. S., what that did is caused us to be able to and begin to build an ex-U.S. infrastructure. Granted, that building of that infrastructure has been more expensive than we thought. It hasn't gone as well as we thought. So we're clearly disappointed and absolutely will own up to that. But we learned a lot from doing that and we were able to set up third party logistics companies, set up a HR processes and all those things. And we've been using that in order to put on top of that the Patient Recovery business that is outside the United States. And so we're able to leverage off of that as well as some other moves that we've made to take back some of our other products outside the U.S. that we were going through others to be able to sell that so we can offer a lot more robust product offering outside of the United States. So I think that's a good piece of our strategy and why we still feel that's a good fit for us.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Fair question. It's hard to put a specific timeline on that. It's something that we are clearly doing. I think there's various degrees too. There's also being outside the U.S. in 60 countries or are you outside the U. S. in 30 or 40 countries? So I don't think it's necessarily all in of whether you want to be outside of the U.S. or not. It would be hard for me to imagine at this point in time not wanting to be outside the U.S. with our significant breadth of products, many of which in our Patient Recovery business as well as Cordis we think can compete effectively outside the United States. But whether or not we need to have the breadth of 60 or 70 countries or not, that's something we're absolutely looking at at this point in time right now and whether each and every country is where we need to be. So we're going to continue to evaluate that portfolio, but feel that we have some really great products that we think can help people outside the United States as well as in the United States.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Great. So couple things there. Just the last piece, the exam gloves business would not be tied at all to the Cordis piece. That is just a large volume commodity type of a product that I think every distributor has to have access to and have a private label offering on in order to have a low cost alternative for it. So I think that's just one of the staple products that everybody needs to have to be a product company and distribution company. And it's just that with the limits on availability for the product and some commodity challenges, it's creating some headwind right now, as I've mentioned in the past, because we have a lot of downstream fixed contracts that we're working through. As far as Patient Recovery, the Medtronic acquisition of the Patient Recovery business, that continues to go well. We continue to hit our milestones. One of the things that we've done and that Jon was able to do with his leadership is he was able to tap back into the Pharma side and bring over some excellent talent from the Pharma side to help join the team on Medical. And so Jon's done a nice job of taking a look at where we could use some various folks, bring some people over that are experts in areas like inventory management, data management and things like that to help the team. And of course we operate as one Cardinal Health. And so the Pharma team's happy to contribute whatever resources we can in order to get it right. So, so far, that acquisition is going well. We begin to roll off of some of the TSAs in our mid to late summer and that'll be a kind of a new big checkpoint for us to make sure that goes well. But so far, we still are feeling like we're on track and hitting the milestones that we have. As far as the other businesses that you mentioned, we're seeing really strong demand for naviHealth and our at-Home business in particularly are two that we feel really good about. We continue to see that trend of care moving more towards the home. Both of those businesses compete in that space and both are, we believe, best-in-class in that space. And so we're seeing a lot of demand not only for just core everyday services that they offer, but for folks to want to partner with them in various unique ways in order to drive volume. So we feel really good about both of those businesses as well as our portfolio of medical services businesses, freight management and others that we have that we're also seeing very nice performance from.
Michael C. Kaufmann: At this point in time, that's something that, as Jorge and I look at all of our spends of capital, that CapEx, we're always going to want to make sure that we're investing appropriately in the business, but at the same time being very careful because we know what that creates in the future. And so this was more of just us over the last 60 days or so evaluating what was out there and also reprioritizing some of our focus and bandwidth on other projects that just then we did need to spend some of the capital that we had previously anticipated to spend.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. First of all, couple things. The Patient Recovery business remember is more 75% in the U.S., much smaller volumes outside the U. S. So that's first thing to know and it's actually just coming into our warehouses and part of our everyday offering. And so from an inventory visibility standpoint, very little concern on Patient Recovery. Second thing related to Patient Recovery and our other medical products, they're not consigned inventory type of items. And so that creates a different level of inventory visibility challenges that we don't have in Patient Recovery. As far as Cordis goes, I would say that we still have additional levels of inventory visibility that we would like to see. But we are going to – we feel a lot better where we are today, as you can imagine, by having the visibility that we got. The biggest area of challenge that we have is not so much in our own systems to seeing inventory visibility. It's in our consigned inventory. And so that's really where we have to take it to the next level is around the consigned inventory to get better visibility there to make sure we don't have any additional write-off concerns in that part. One other thing I would say too is that back to the Patient Recovery in general, those products don't have expiration dates where the Cordis products do have expiration dates and that's what's creating some of the inventory challenges. It's not just that you have over inventory potentially, but if you have some that are expiring, you're going to need to reserve those.
Michael C. Kaufmann: And as far as the rest of the $0.16, the other $0.08, the tax component, we talk about that part has basically been spent. And then the piece of opioid as we said would be moved back into our second half. So we saw some spend in Q3 and would expect the rest of the spend to happen in Q4. So really the vast majority of the $0.16 did get spent in – will get spent this year other than a portion of the customer initiatives.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. A couple things. Again back to the inventory. This nature of having inventory with expiration dates, the fact that it's consigned inventory in Cordis versus not consigned in Patient Recovery. I think we clearly underestimated the needs and requirements of being able to have inventory visibility at a deeper level than we anticipate or understood that we would have through that process. So while that's a learning for us in Cordis, it's not a big deal, as we said, for Patient Recovery because it's not as much U.S. and it doesn't have – or it's not much outside U.S and it doesn't have expiration dates. So while it's a learning, I would say that's not one that's a hugely valuable one to us for Patient Recovery. I think the areas where we really had some learnings was around estimating what our cost structure would be. When we came out with Cordis early on in our quarter and recently we've been saying that we underestimated what our costs would be stand up the ex-U.S. infrastructure and to work through all of that. And we knew that going into Patient Recovery which we've now have since end of July of this past year, and so we estimated our costs, we were much more realistic about setting those up and understanding what it would be to do that. But I think that's probably the biggest one is understanding what it would take to do it. The good news too is by already having established relationships with third-party logistics companies, setting up some of the infrastructure, again, outside the U.S., we were able to leverage that same infrastructure and so some of the learnings around how to contract and what we need from those service providers also was helpful.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Obviously it is a competitive marketplace but we feel good about our ability to compete in the marketplace. And then one of the things that we're doing that I think is helping our competitiveness in the marketplace, besides some of the great work Jon and team are doing around the commercial structure, our ability to bundle with other products, our ability and training with our sales reps, is also by adding to the portfolio so we have more in the bag. And as I mentioned, our addition of a drug-eluting stent has been an important component of our commercial competitive ability to compete going forward. And we feel really good about the quality and the acceptance of that stent and expect that to be something that we would see growing going forward. And we're actively working with other players out there to look at other products that we can add to our bag in a very capital efficient way by partnering with folks to bring them in. So I like our competitive positioning. And part of where that's indicative is this is a business that historically had not grown in a long, long time. And so far year to date, we are seeing growth year over year in our top line. So where I get encouraged is we're seeing a top line that is – while we still think there's opportunities to grow more and do some things, we're seeing it actually grow year over year which is different than history. We're seeing a bag that's expanding. We just haven't been able to turn it through to a drop through to the bottom line because of the inventory reserves and the operational issues that we have. So for me, clearly it's the operational issues that are the biggest concern. And I think we have the right folks and the right plans in place. It's going to take some time because we don't want to do anything rash that would hurt our momentum on the top line. But the team is very focused with detailed work plans, metrics and timelines to get after getting this business back on track.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I'll take a stab at that. I think a couple things. We're not ready to give any specifics around 2019 at this time and where we would expect it to be. Right now we would assume that we'd continue to see deflation. But at what level, it's still something we're evaluating. Again, what I can emphasize is that what we've seen versus last year and what we've seen sequentially, we have seen generic deflation moderating. But as Jorge said, not only within generics do you have to understand all the various components, but when you're repricing and thinking through deals with customers, you have all of the components to take into account which would be branded mix, generic mix, specialty mix and all of those as we reprice. And so I think one of the things that we need to do and we are continuing to do is assess the overall on all the buckets within our customer go to market strategies and pricing in order to manage our profitability appropriately going forward and drive growth.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, it really depends on the customer. As you know, some customers are already buying 100% of their product from us. And so it's obviously then hard to take that up above that, but we do have other customers that aren't buying all their generics from us. And as you can imagine, any time we go to work with a customer, we look at all of the components that they could buy from us including consumer health, brand and generics and look to partner with them so that if they would like to see a price decrease, what can they give us in terms of additional volume that might help offset some of the impact that we feel? So we continue to see that as an opportunity for us to penetrate not only in generics, but in other areas like consumer health. We'll continue to push on that. And I would say typically in most contracts on renewals, we do tend to see improved penetration of generics and oftentimes private label and other products.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yes, that was relative to our expectation for the year that when we put together what we are seeing in generic deflation which, as you said was moderating but not moderating quite as much as we expected, Red Oak's over performance, then all the combination of wins, losses, penetration, et cetera, generic launches. When we put that all together, the net impact of that is that our generic programs was net negative but again, still better than we expected it to be.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I wouldn't say that we've seen any material impact yet from that. We have – as you can imagine, the Red Oak team leads all of those discussions for us and again, glad we have such a talented group up there to be able to do that for us. They constantly are working with manufacturers and we want to work with manufacturers. And we understand some may need or want to discontinue certain lines. We work with them on the timing and at the same time, knowing that we're focused on getting the best everyday cost possible, we'll look for other folks to maybe put them back into those products if we need to in order to make sure we're maintaining the cost. So at this point in time I would say we're not really seeing any material impact. And going forward, I feel like with Red Oak, both its talent and its game plan, we feel like we're positioned well to compete in an environment and still be effective at getting after cost, even as manufacturers look at reducing their overall product lines.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think from us, the deflation component again goes back to the sell side. So that's more based on the competitive environment. As far as Red Oak being able to get after cost and find better cost for us, it's not seemed so far impacting their ability to go – continue to lower and drive lower cost for us. Thanks for the question.
Michael C. Kaufmann: All right. So I just want to thank everybody for taking the time to get on the call today. We gave you a lot of information today to digest. We hope you found it helpful. And Jorge and I and the IR team look forward to talking to many of you today and over the next coming days. Take care, everybody.
Jorge M. Gomez: Ross this is Jorge. I'll take that question. With respect to the issue that we're facing, in simple terms, the downturn in the Cordis performance results created certain losses in certain jurisdictions where we cannot out take the benefit of those operating losses from a tax perspective. Obviously we are reviewing multiple options available to address the – to your question, the going forward impact and we expect to be in a position to take action within the next few months. I think overall the impact from U.S. tax reform will continue to benefit us and we expect to see a decline in our tax rate going forward. The exact impact from the dynamic that we have going on right now is something that we will be – we are evaluating and we are finding options to address that long term.
Jorge M. Gomez: Dave, I'll take that question. So as we indicated before in the second half of fiscal 2018, we've accounted for about $0.08 related to customer investments. And with the Optum repricing, with the Optum extension, we have utilized probably half of that, most of it in Q4. We continue to look at all opportunities to expand relationships with our customers. And as it relates to how we should think about that going forward, I think that Mike alluded to our expectations going forward, especially in 2019 as it relates to the normal cycle of renewals of certain customers in 2019.
Jorge M. Gomez: No. There's no retroactive adjustment there. We just signed the agreement and the accounting and the economic impact is all prospective.
Jorge M. Gomez: Well that is a level of detail that we normally don't get into. And as we have discussed a number of times, there is a lot of variables that come together to generate growth when you think about ASP, units, Red Oak. So we look at the totality of all those variables when we try to estimate the growth. So there's multiple combinations of all of those variables that result in either growth or decline.
