Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start our discussion with a few high level thoughts on our progress so far this year. And then, Jason will review our second quarter results and our updated fiscal ‘21 outlook. I’ll close by sharing updates regarding our growth areas. We continue to make progress on our strategic plan as we navigate the rapidly changing global environment. Overall, second quarter operating results came in better than our expectation, led by the Medical segment. In addition, we saw some favorability, including timing below the operating line, enabling us to deliver EPS growth of 14% in the quarter. Due to our solid first half performance and our improved visibility into the remainder of the fiscal year, we are increasing and narrowing our EPS guidance to a range of $5.85 to $6.10 per share. In the second quarter, we saw varying effects of the pandemic on our business. Our Medical segment saw a net positive impact related to COVID-19 as our lab business and PPE products continued to experience strong demand. And in pharma, although the pandemic continued to adversely impact volumes, mainly in generics and nuclear imaging, areas like specialty and consumer health are recovering and performing very well. Across the Company, we remain focused on doing our part to support ongoing pandemic release efforts. In Pharma, we partnered with the CDC to act as a network administrator, enabling retail independent, small chain and long-term care pharmacy customers to participate in the vaccination effort. And in Medical, we partnered with the state of Ohio to support vaccine distribution through our OptiFreight Logistics business. Regarding PPE, we are utilizing our Supply Assurance program to manage costs for our customers and provide consistent long range supply in key product categories. We are seeing improving supply in some of these product categories, such as gowns and masks, but continue to see a challenging market with exam gloves. Looking ahead, we remain committed to supporting our customers, patients, government and communities through the ongoing challenges of the pandemic. And we are ready and willing to help in any way possible. Before I provide some updates on our strategic growth areas, I’ll turn it over to Jason to share more details on our second quarter and outlook for the year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. I appreciate it. I guess, really couple of things to keep in mind. We’re really pleased with the resiliency of our Pharma segment, both in the pharma distribution as well as the specialty and nuclear business. We do continue to see really COVID-19 being the main driver of any headwinds we’re seeing there. It’s good, so far, that a lot of the things that might affect the segments, such as brand, inflation, that’s kind of off the table from what we’ve seen in January. We feel like we’re executing really well on our initiatives. And also, from a cost savings standpoint, we’re on track. And then, generics, which is, always one of the -- could be one of the swing factors, we’re not seeing anything inconsistent there from what we’ve seen in prior quarters. So, a lot of those swing factors are really off the table when we look at the rest of the year for Pharma. But, what we really see is, COVID being the main swing factor. The things I would say there is that we saw a lot of choppiness in the quarter. We would expect it to continue to be choppy for the second half of the year. But, we still are expecting to exit at or near pre-COVID levels. And as we said, our guidance continues to be low-single-digit growth for the segment.
Mike Kaufmann: Thanks. I appreciate the question. Yes. We’ve been -- continue to be involved in staying up-to-date and everything as it relates to the vaccine. As we’ve said, we are working with the State of Ohio, helping them distribute the vaccine. And we’re also a partner with the CDC acting as a network administrator. And so, we continue to do that. And there are some other areas where we’re having some small touch in that area. At the end of the day, I believe that -- our belief is that this is one of the most important events in the country’s history, and that bringing the full scale of the distribution capabilities of all the distributors to the market is going to make the most sense over the long term to be able to effectively distribute and get the vaccines to folks. And so, we continue to make sure that we’re doing all the things to make our self ready to be able to participate and help out however we can.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. The only thing I would add is that while the PPE is clearly a driver, our lab business really was a big driver for us this quarter in the Medical segment. And we continue to be excited about its growth. And its ability to continue to maintain that growth, at least for the remainder of fiscal ‘21 is our current assumption.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. A couple things I would say. I guess, first of all, it’s important to know that sequentially, there is really not a lot of difference between what we saw in volumes between Q1 and Q2 for our Pharma business. And also I would say that -- all the impact that we’re seeing on volumes in generics is really from our view just related to COVID-19. So, we’re not seeing any other dynamics such as buying groups or other challenges like that impacting our generics program. It’s really just the volume as it relates to the COVID-19. And as we said that -- we expect that to continue to be choppy. We saw a lot of up and down over the last six months. We would expect that for the second half of the year, but do expect to still get back to at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of the year. As it relates to flu, as you know, this has become less and less of a driver in general, for us. It can be a small driver. And as far as the flu goes, we’ve hardly seen much at all. So, in terms of -- vaccine distribution has been a little higher, but all of the other type of ancillary products such as the Tamiflus and those types of things, they have been down obviously. But again, it’s incredibly tiny driver for us and was not something that is driving any of the concern or any challenges that we might be looking at in Pharma, which again, we just are focused on COVID.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. The only thing I would emphasize, just to make sure that it’s clear is, as the cost of the PPE comes down, our revenue will come down. But again, our goal has always been to maintain margin dollars and work with our customers on an assurance program. And so, you shouldn’t think about declining PPE costs necessarily being a headwind for us, other than revenue. And, as Jason said -- but the timing of when you have the actual sale price and the cost as they flow through that can create a little bit of lumpiness in the recognition.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. As far as -- I’ll just cover the opioids quickly. As I’ve said in the past, it continues to be, as you know, complex negotiations, a lot of moving parts, but we’re continuing to make progress there. As far as on the Pharma guidance goes or thoughts there, obviously, we can’t talk about at this time ‘22. But, you’re right on those components. First of all, we would expect, if we exit at or near pre-COVID levels that our nuclear business would continue to improve sequentially, as it goes forward. And we have a lot of confidence in that business. As you know, I highlighted it in my comments around not only how they’re performing well in the current situation, but also the investments we’ve made to be able to see growth in that business over the mid and long-term in the theranostics space. And then, again, as far as generics go, I guess, the main reason that we have seen that our generic volumes are off is because of COVID. And so, rest of the program continues to be -- as we expected, we continue to see that program, all the various components that we have in it are essentially working as we expected, which is COVID being the driver. So, again, as COVID begins to be less and less of an impact, we would expect to see our volumes in our generics programs to grow.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Biosimilars continues to be an area we’re also excited about. We are seeing positive contributions from biosimilars. It just doesn’t -- it’s not at the level to be calling it out as necessarily the driver at this point in time. But it’s something that we do continue to participate in. We’re very well-positioned to be able to help manufacturers and customers with biosimilars, and we do see that as something that should be a tailwind for us, as we look forward, going forward.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. We continue to be very pleased with our at-home business. We’re continuing to see growth in overall number of customers that we’re serving, the types of product line that we’re working with and driving our mix. All of those types of things getting after our cost structure. We are making some large investments in our IT systems that will be going online here. So, a little increased SG&A as we drive to improve our systems there to be able to improve the customer experience, and as we grow, be able to do it more effectively. But, it’s a business that we continue to remain very positive on. We believe the trends are continuing to be in our favor in that business. And being one of the leaders in that space I think enables us to invest in various activities and opportunities to continue to grow that business.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. And the only thing I would add to that is, as Jason mentioned earlier, remember that because of some of the strong performance we’ve had in Medical and in the business in the first half, there are some areas in Medical expenses where we are investing in the business as we’ve talked about from a capital standpoint. I just mentioned the IT business and the at-home, and we’re also looking at some other areas. So, we are ramping up some of our expenses that in the area of making investments and growing the business over the mid to short-term. So, we would expect them to be a little higher in the second half. But to our $500 million five-year goal, those are seen as permanent expenses that come out. But, what we’re talking about is ramping back up the type of investments based on how we feel strongly about the performance of the business for the full year.
Mike Kaufmann: I think, a couple things. First of all, the last thing you said is important is that we would intend to be properly compensated for that to make sure as with any investment or working with customers, to make sure that the services that we provide, we’re getting compensated for not only from a income statement, but appropriately looking at our balance sheet and the return. So, that’s important to know. To give you specifically on how it works, that’s a little more complicated because I think it’s -- we’re going to see inventory changes across the entire supply chain. I think, you’re obviously, one, going to see some supply changes in the way the probably the manufacturers work, and the amount of inventory they’re carrying to be able to get through these types of things. The location of our supply chain and where the percentage of what we self manufacturer versus what we source, we continue to increase our capacity, for instance, manufacture our own drapes and gowns. And so, the ability to ramp that up, store inventory and managing it that way would be one. And then, as I mentioned, we are building some larger distribution centers. So, we have the capacity to do that on our end, both to make sure our service levels are where our customers expect them to be, but also in certain cases, carry that inventory for customers. But, I also believe that customers are looking at what they warehouse and don’t warehouse, and that makes them what they warehouse may mean more towards these PPE-related items versus other ones. And that can create some different opportunities for us to work with them. So, I do think the entire supply chain will adjust over the next couple of years, as it relates to inventory. But, the important thing to note is that, as we work with our customers on this, we would -- and suppliers, we would expect to get compensated from both, in order to provide that type of service.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. At this point in time, as you know, it’s state-by-state. It changes on a weekly basis. So, I don’t really have any good insights on how to help you on that. I would tell you that we continue to be there for our customers. We’re going to continue to help them be ready to do it. It’s not a driver at all for our financial statements one way or the other. So, from a financial driver, it’s not material. But, it’d be really hard for me to even give you anything there because of the choppiness of the amount of vaccines that we’re seeing, state by state.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I really want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And on behalf of all of us at Cardinal Health, I hope you and your families are safe and well. And we look forward to speaking to all of you again soon.
Jason Hollar: And if I could just add one point, Michael, it’s Jason. And your point about nuclear, we did see the headwind year-over-year be a little bit less than what we saw in the first quarter. So, kind of follows -- continuing to follow a little bit of what we’re seeing with electives a little bit more than other elements of the underlying volumes. So, not a lot of new news there, but a slight improvement sequentially.
Jason Hollar: Yes. This is Jason. Let me start it off. Yes. Like you said, we’re really pleased with our first half performance. Certainly, two good quarters here now, as well as on top of last year’s double-digit growth as well, and then still guiding to low to mid-220s for the year, we feel very good about. To the point about the trends first half versus second half, as we stated in the remarks, we did see some Q2 favorability as it relates to our cost mitigation efforts on certain PPE products. So, that’s an element that was a component in addition to the volume strength that we saw in lab and the volume strength that we saw in PPE that drove medical to actually have a net tailwind associated with COVID in the quarter. And so, that’s just one thing that will continue to vary quarter-to-quarter as we go forward. The other item that we talked about last quarter as well is that we continue to be very aggressive with our cost control over the first half of the year here, a lot of uncertainty in the underlying volumes. And so, we wanted to make certain that we had a lot of flexibility going into the second half of the year. And then, the third point I’d make is just that we do continue to make long-term investments in our business. As we highlighted as the number one capital deployment priority is to invest in our strong pipeline of organic growth opportunities. And so, we always trade off our level of spend in that regard as well.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question. And let me just kind of step back and talk about PPE in general and try to loop in that piece as well. Certainly, the overall the demand dynamic here obviously continues to be quite strong, and we are seeing certain components get a little bit more in balance between supply and demand. But, certainly, cost remains elevated across all categories. It’s probably even more extreme in terms of that supply and demand imbalance remaining in exam gloves. So, we continue to see that demand just far outstripping that supply, which has created some just some supply chain inconsistency, not only -- so now we’re dealing with just the timing of supply, but we’re also dealing with all the different timing elements of the cost increases and price increases. So, it just becomes a bit of an uncertain combination of different influences that have driven some of these costs increases to be delayed then until later quarters. So, overall, our key objective remains the same to make sure we’re mitigating all these cost increases and working with our customers with the Supply Assurance program. But the timing is going to vary, as we said last quarter, and we’ll continue to manage that as appropriate.
Jason Hollar: Okay. So, the share count, we’re still within the guidance range of what we had before. It is slightly at the high end, to your point, as you can see. In the first quarter, we didn’t do any share repo; we didn’t do any in the second quarter as well. But the high end of that share count would imply no repo. The low end of this new range would be modest amount of repo. So, that’s what’s baked within that assumption. As it relates to the capital deployment, certainly, we haven’t changed our priorities. Of course, we work within those priorities. And just to reinforce that, we continue to invest in our business first and foremost as we are really confident with that strong pipeline of organic growth opportunities. And you saw that this quarter with the medical global manufacturing and supply chain work, we’re making some great progress there and we want to continue to feed those activities. The other point that I referenced in my commentary is consistent with the second priority was just to maintain our strong investment grade balance sheet. So, I did highlight that we intend to reduce our debt by about $1.4 billion, as it comes due at the end of our fiscal ‘22. And we think that’s consistent with that priority. And then, of course, we return the cash to shareholders, primarily through the dividend as our third priority. After that, it is repo and other bolt-on strategic M&A. But, we’ll continue to look at that opportunistically, as we get more confidence on variables, such as opioids is certainly one of the elements we look at all the time. And as our confidence increases, we make more progress, understanding what the framing of that looks like. Then, we’ll continue to evaluate if we can be more aggressive on any of those other components. But, we continue to balance all those each and every day. 
Jason Hollar: Yes. So, let me start, at least with that first part. We’re not going to break out explicitly the pricing separately. First of all, it’s just really important to highlight that the pricing is meant to cover that cost increase. And so, that’s what we’re balancing there. We did, however, say in our last guidance update in Q1, that the vast majority of that revenue guidance increase for Medical was due to pricing, which was due to that cost that was increasing. With this update, it’s definitely more balanced, more weighted towards volume increases in the lab business, as well as volume increases in PPE, and then, to a lesser extent, any type of price changes. So, it’s -- I would just go back to the guidance increase and it gives you a better understanding of what that PPE pricing dynamic is being driven by.
Jason Hollar: Yes. The other thing I’ll add is, relative to the nuclear comment, Ricky, as it relates to the revenue and margin balance there, I think, you’re on the right point that as we talked, especially in Q4 of last year, when the volumes were declining quickly, nuclear is a high-margin business. It is also a high fixed cost business. So, it creates a very high contribution margins that we saw certainly create a headwind in that fourth quarter. And so, as we anniversary that in this fourth quarter, especially if our guidance is accurate with the -- at or near pre-COVID levels, by the time we exit the fiscal year, then you would expect there to be, for that piece of it, an improvement in earnings relative to revenue as one of the key components that probably needs to be plugged into your model to make that whole thing make sense.
Jason Hollar: Yes. As Mike mentioned earlier, we saw very consistent type of performance in a number of categories, sequentially Q1 to Q2. We talked about the COVID impact. We talked about generics in general, the consistent market dynamics. So, you do need to go back to look at the Q2 of the prior year, where -- that’s where the generics program overall was fairly strong. And we talked at that point about not only volume, but some mixed impacts that were going on at that time. So, I think it’s very much a comp as well as consistency within quarter to quarter sequentially.
Jason Hollar: Yes. So, within the quarter, we called out two key items. One is this topic, cost savings as well as and the COVID impacts. And they were both the most significant items that are driving our year-over-year performance. So, in terms of the order of magnitude, you should think of that as a large driver of this performance and consistent with that other driver. How we break out our cost savings is that they would by their nature be largely permanent. Anything that’s temporary, and only because of COVID or COVID-related matters, we would put into the COVID bucket. So, we do see this as continuous improvement and deepens our DNA, and that we aren’t just squeezing out costs temporarily, but truly transformational, foundational elements. It’s just within our SG&A expense, within our global manufacturing and our supply chain, and as such, we’d expect it to be permanent.
