Jeff Henderson: I went through a little bit of this during my script but let me try to review some of these again and would be happy if there are any additional follow-up questions. First of all there was a unique acceleration of revenue and profit within Medical. Let me explain that in a little bit more detail. That was worth about $14 million of profit or $0.02 to $0.03.  The way it worked was basically as follows: when we owned both the domestic and international operations of our Medical business we did not recognize revenue or profit on sales until we sold to the end customer. Our domestic business would sell to our international business, our international business would hold those products in inventory and then when they eventually sold to an end customer we recognized that revenue and profit on the consolidated books of the company.  The moment we spun off CareFusion and they took the international business with them effectively they became a third party so any inventory they were holding at that moment of this spin-off effectively got reclassified as a sale of product and that revenue and income got accelerated into the quarter of the spin. As I said, that was worth about $14 million or $0.02 to $0.03 on and EPS basis. In the Pharma segment as both George and I mentioned there were a number of price increases which individually weren’t significant but collectively represented a pull forward of about $15 million of income which is about $0.03 of earnings from future periods versus our original expectation most of that came from either Q2 or Q3. Again, I would view that as a pull forward from future quarters not necessarily out on the year. The other unique item in Q1 was the early and strong flu season that impacted mostly within our Medical segment. As we said, that was worth about $5 million or $0.01 of EPS. I assume a follow up question to that would be wouldn’t you expect that to continue through the whole year. The answer is we don’t know. It’s obviously very hard to predict the flu season although we do expect to see continued flu related demand in Q2.  However, I would point out that that demand is dampened somewhat by the fact that we’re on allocation for a number of products from our manufacturers. The ability of that demand has necessarily flowed through as incremental earnings in Q2 and beyond is somewhat dampened. We may see a slight upside to our Q2 as a result. I would also mention that we planned for a flu season in Q2 and Q3 as we typically do. It was really the Q1 piece that was unplanned because of the early and stronger issues we’re facing.
Jeff Henderson: They were fairly significant in terms of revenue in total we’re talking in excess of $1 billion of lost revenue for those customers which begins to impact us in Q2 and beyond. As George said, the impact on profitability from those same customers is much less significant.
Jeff Henderson: It depends on which market you’re looking at. Typically our expectations for the hospital market are for it to grow in the 2% to 3% range and that’s generally what we’re seeing this year as well. Ambulatory market growing more quickly, lab market growing more quickly driven in part by the flu related demand which disproportionately impact the lab market during times like this. The biggest market is hospital which is 2% to 3%.
Jeff Henderson: First of all I want to send out some kudos to the nuclear team who’s doing an outstanding job of managing through these supply situations. I will point out that we’ve been through these situations many times in the past and we have very specific procedures that we follow in order to maximize usage of the supply that we get and also manage the customer demand in such a way that we can allocate supply in a more orderly way when we have these supply shortages. Despite that, as I said, we experienced some very strong growth and margin expansion and that’s really due to the impact of the generic event that happened last year together with the fact that we are now able to offer three different options for customers in terms of the raw materials going into the imaging agents and by offering that suite of products by pricing them appropriately and putting in place and effective selling and sourcing strategy we’ve really been able to expand margins over the past year and we expect to continue that trend going forward assuming that we don’t hit some additional snags from a supply standpoint. I will point out that, as I said, the expectation is the Canadian Chalk River reactor will come onboard in January. If it doesn’t another wildcard will be what happens to the reactor in the Netherlands which is scheduled for maintenance in Q3. They are both down. That obviously would put a very significant crimp in the supply for the entire industry. If that’s the case and if we suffer the dual losses of supply in the second half of the year that potentially is a $0.03 to $0.04 downside for us for the second half of the year.
Jeff Henderson: With the transition of Pfizer to a more typical fee for service arrangement we now see about 80% of our business being on a fee for service arrangement which obviously is a significant portion of our branded margin. That all said, there’s still that remaining 20% that’s subject to the variability of price increases. In any given quarter that 20% can have a significant influence on earnings and EPS which is why we still get some of these somewhat unusual timing issues or one time evens in the quarter. There are still a number of larger manufacturers but then a number of very small manufacturers that remain under the old model that can impact a particular quarter. Regarding our overall views on branded price increases for the year, I would say at this point we still expect it to be largely in line with original plans for the year. It was slightly higher in Q1, as we said, by about $15 million then we expected. At this point we have no reason to believe that’s no simply a pull forward for the year. No material change for the overall year.
Jeff Henderson: It’s still something that’s being finalized because there are somewhat complex valuations that have to be done before we can come up with a final number. Our best estimate at this point is that our initial stake on a tax basis will be worth at least $820 million.
Jeff Henderson: We’ll check and get back to you on that. I do what to point out, as I said earlier, that we would be subject to gains or losses on any sale of those shares. Although whether we end up actually paying cash taxes or not will depend on any capital losses that are available at the time to offset that gain.
Jeff Henderson: We generally don’t give a forecast for specific parts of the business. I think the indication I gave regarding some of the abnormal events probably helps you get a little bit closer to what we would expect the full year rate.
Jeff Henderson: Larry let me go back to your question, the $820 million of tax basis that we had CareFusion works out to about a little under $19.50 per share. Regarding your questions on the branded price increases, it was the latter of the two scenarios you described. We did not take on additional inventory in order to achieve the benefits of these price increases. Just natural price increases that the vendors took that we were able to realize the benefit of from our inventory levels. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, our days of inventory were rationally down three days year on year really reflecting some of the great efforts going on the Pharma distribution group to bring down our days of inventory and maximize cash flow. Regarding your second question how we know for sure this is a pull ahead. I think the reality is we don’t. We make certain assumptions regarding the timing and amount of price increases from vendors based on historical patterns and once we see price increases we have to make judgments whether we think those are pull forwards or not. You question is a fair one; it could very well be that we’ll see price increases again later in the year and obviously that would be an upside if that occurred.
Jeff Henderson: No real update other then what we said over the past couple of months is that our intent has been and will continue to be to more then offset any negative synergies that result from the spin. In fact, we’re doing just that, our plans for the year were to more then offset those to reductions in our infrastructure and particularly holding down headcount and infrastructure within our corporate functions, we’ve achieved that as you can see by the 1% reduction in SG&A in the first quarter, we’ve been quite successful in doing it. I feel very good about our ability to offset those going forward.
Jeff Henderson: Q1 is always our lowest margin rate quarter of the year due to the somewhat seasonal nature of our business and when branded price increases happen which tend to be in the late Q2, Q3, Q4 periods. Historically Q1 is always our lowest margin period. Secondly, there were a few somewhat unique events, let me give you a couple examples. We were subject to an excise tax in the State of Delaware that relates to the shipment that we make into Delaware to one of our mail order customers, this relates to a long standing dispute over the applicability of those excise taxes to our shipments into Delaware. As a result of a recent court ruling we decided to accrue for about $10 million of potential historical expenses related to these excise taxes because all mail order business appears in bulk that $10 million very disproportionately impacted our bulk margin. Secondly, this is a little bit more complicated to explain. Depending on the exact vendors increase branded prices in any particular quarter they can disproportionately hit non-bulk or bulk. Again I won’t go into all the nuances and complexities of why that may be but it relates to the amount of inventory that we carry in those two businesses. As a result of the particular price increases we saw in Q1 the year on year comparison for bulk tend to be a little bit distorted. That’s really what makes up the difference in Q1 versus what we expect the full year rate to be.
Jeff Henderson: We haven’t given specific guidance around cash flow projections for the year other then the last call I did say that we would expect operating cash flow for the year to be under $1 billion and I would say that’s still very much our expectation. Whatever operating cash flow does in for the year a substantial amount of that is already committed either through our capital expenditures which we expect to be $250 million for the year a bulk of that going into our IT systems improvements.  Then we have our dividend program and as you know we increased our dividend last quarter. Then the share repo that we’re doing which related to the offset of any equity over the year. A substantial portion of that operating cash flow is already spoken for. I think that’s pretty much the guidance we provide at this point.
Jeff Henderson: I just want to point out the difference between how our competitor accounts for their inventory versus us. My understanding they use the LIFO inventory method which means they will have potentially have LIFO credits or debits at the end of each quarter depending on supplier price changes during that quarter. Although we use the LIFO accounting method within our Pharma business, within our Medical business we actually use FIFO so we are not subject to the same credit or debit adjustments at the end of each quarter depending on supplier price changes.
George Barrett: It’s a little bit of a tough question because as you might imagine the sourcing connects to the selling which connects to the flow of products into the system. Net, net we’ve said that during the course of the earlier part of 2010 we have some tradeoffs that are somewhat negative. Fundamentally though this is a driver of growth for us and of margin. I would say we’ll feel this more as the year goes on.  We have to flow these products into the system, as I mentioned in my comments earlier, there’s a transition stage where we have to honor existing commitments. I would say net, net this has gone extremely well, we’re really excited about it, I think its good for our customers and good for our suppliers and feeling very good about that program.
George Barrett: I still think that we’ll be working throughout 2010 to compensate for some of the lost fees by growing our business with each of those accounts. I think we’re doing a good job and I still think that as we get into 2011 that starts to feel like more of a positive driver for us.
George Barrett: I think that’s probably about where we belong. Certainly, as you know, there are a relatively smaller number of manufacturers that have the broadest lines and the greatest flow of new products. Clearly those companies tend to be larger I think in the program. This is an enormous product line; you’re talking about several thousands of products. There’s a need to have enough suppliers in there to make sure that we have not only the products but we have backup suppliers as you know there are things that happen now and again in the system and we’ve tried to take care to make sure that we’ve got access to backup suppliers when there’s a disruption.
George Barrett: It’s so hard the benefit to it, as I said; the generic program really is an integrated program. You have the sourcing and procurement part of it and then you have the selling part of it. In fact, one ties to the other. Certainly in the early part of the year we’re feeling a little bit more of the brunt of it. I would say its been modeled into our year. We’re feeling comfortable that it’s been modeled appropriately and I think we’re on track to deliver as we expected.
George Barrett: This year’s a relatively calm year as we get to the end of the year into next year; Kmart will come up for renewal and Kroger will probably be two of the larger companies that would come up for renewal.
George Barrett: The generic program transition for us has gone extremely well. Our team executed well, our generic partners have been really open to looking at new ways of doing business and we’re really pleased with the way its going. I would say I’m feeling very confident that the work that we’ve done has set us in a good place as it relates to creating value for our customers downstream and for our vendors upstream. I’m really feeling good about it, I think we’re on track to do exactly what we intend to do with that program. As it relates to Eloxatin it certainly is a product that we are always excited to have a generic launch. It may be bigger for one company versus another depending on mix of downstream customers. For example, if you have a large oncology business it may be a more meaningful launch for you and less if oncology is a smaller piece. For us, oncology is not an enormous part of our business today so we’re glad to have the launch but I wouldn’t necessarily describe it as a huge mover of the dial. You asked about the generic program and whether or not we were differentiated. I think the way to answer that is this; we have taken great pains to think about every one of our products and every one of the suppliers and what their strategies are and what they’re looking for in a distribution partner. My hope is that we’ve done that very effectively, I think we have. To that extent I think we’re very well positioned to compete in generics.
George Barrett: Actually we feel great about the way our organization is responding to the spin-off. In some ways an event like this is a catalytic event. It’s really enabled us to recharge the organization to reaffirm our focus on improving the cost effectiveness in healthcare and help people understand how they play a part in that. I would say the organization is excited. We do a pretty routine measurement of our organization and we call it the voice of employee and what we’re looking at is engagement and we measure this in many ways.  If you look at our numbers today versus where they were a year ago there’s a dramatic improvement. It tell us our employees feel good about who we are, what our mission is, where we’re going, and what their role is. We’re seeing that in the daily performance of the organization. I would say anecdotally I’m very excited about what I’m seeing in terms of the attitude of our employees in terms of metrics. The data suggest pretty consistently that our organization is excited, focused, clear about priorities and performing at a high standard right now and I’m very pleased about it.
George Barrett: This is obviously not a one time event this is really a thoughtful rethinking about our portfolio and the way we price our portfolio. As we mentioned on the call, we’re trying to take a very disciplined approach to analyzing our business and our customers. While I can’t say its something with a beginning point and an ending point it is really an ongoing process. I feel very good that the organization is built the tools to do this kind of work. We’re doing things that we need to do and force our own standards about pricing and how to analyze pricing; I’m feeling like we’re moving the right direction there.
George Barrett: This is an example; I won’t go into great detail, listening to the customers what their unique needs are. Each of our customer segments has very distinct needs and even within segments that we typically hear discussed in the public forum there are distinct needs customer by customer. Part of what we need to do as an organization is focus our business on the unique needs of each customer. In this particular case it was about better efficiency and stocking, particularly unique to the mail order segment. I think we’re doing a good job of listening and translating the listening into inventive ways to help customers compete and create value for them.
George Barrett: I think the overwhelming percentage of our customers are buying generics from us, we’re talking about the Pharmaceutical segment. The overwhelming percentage of our customers buy generics from us in some form. That comes in different way. As you know, some of those customers are buying exclusively or semi-exclusively off our generic program. There are others for whom we are essentially serve as a prime vendor based on their contracts. In terms of number of customers the overwhelming majority of our customers buy generics from us in some form.
George Barrett: We are seeing, this is something you’ve probably heard me talk about in recent months, whether or you use the word penetration or compliance what we’re looking for is for our customers to buy certainly as much of their generics from us as possible. We are seeing sequential growth in the percentage of customer generic business that we’re getting and we’re very pleased about that we’ve been working hard at that and I think its an important driver for us.
George Barrett: It’s been episodic and certainly event driven. There have been some disruptions in supply really over the last year at various times. Those disruptions can cause volatility in demand but also a little bit in pricing. With some products prices have gone up or are quite stable and others look like a traditional competitive market. I would say the way to think of this is primarily event driven; it’s hard to give systemic trend as opposed to unique distinct items.
George Barrett: I think we’ve covered a good many but perhaps somebody didn’t provide enough clarify on. Certainly we talked about the year over year which the largest swing is the systemic swing which is the year over year generic comps for us and those and playing out pretty much as we expected. No particular change there, we’ve got relatively good visibility on that. We talked a little bit about the Medicine Shoppe transition and I would say that transition again continues to move forward and we’re feeling quite good that that’s the right strategic direction for us. The Pfizer DSA switch is at this point something that comes in the future and we fully expect it’ll play out as expected. We have continued to invest in our Medical transformation, this is integral to our strategy for Medical business and really so important in terms of our ability to take advantage of what we think is a unique business model in which we have this tremendous channel footprint as well as the vertical capability. The Medical transformation is a very important initiative it’s ongoing, I mentioned that. I’m trying to think what other drivers we did not touch. I think those really are the biggest ones. Hopefully that gives you some clarity.
George Barrett: I’d like to conclude the call by saying we’re really pleased with our start to the year. We’d like to thank you for your time today. Our IR team, Jeff, and I will be available for questions and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
