Jason Hollar: Good morning, everyone. A year ago at our Investor Day, I reflected upon what attracted me to Cardinal Health, our strong culture, values, and mission to be healthcare's most trusted partner; how the company was uniquely positioned with its breadth and scale to navigate the complexities of the healthcare ecosystem and serve the needs of customers, manufacturers and ultimately, patients. At the same time, I was open about some of the opportunities in front of us as an organization. Together, we laid out a clear but aggressive strategic plan, streamlined our focus, and the team got to work, all the time prioritizing on our core business to emerge as a stronger, more resilient company. And we have a recent proof-point. Over the last several months, we deeply focused on preparing for a variety of alternatives regarding a particular large, low margin customer contract, which has allowed us to quickly navigate the upcoming contract change and confirm that we expect to grow our earnings in fiscal '25. By driving improvements in our core operations, investing to expand our offerings in key areas like specialty and evolving our commercial approach in ways which have resonated elsewhere in the marketplace, we demonstrated that we have made progress on positioning our business for sustained success and growth. As we look ahead, the current quarter's results reinforce our confidence. We're operating from a position of growing strength and resiliency, with industry trends that remain stable and in our favor. In Q3, we delivered broad-based growth, while executing on our four strategic priorities; building upon the growth and resiliency of pharmaceutical and specialty solutions, executing our GMPD improvement plan, accelerating growth in key areas, and maintaining a relentless focus on shareholder value creation. In our most significant business, Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions, we again drove solid profit growth on top of a difficult comparison to last year's strong performance. We've seen ongoing stability in pharmaceutical demand, consistent market dynamics in our generics program, and strong performance in specialty, both downstream and upstream, all of which enables us to raise our fiscal '24 profit outlook for the segment to a midpoint of 9% growth. In GMPD, we are pleased to see the strong topline and bottom line performance, with an acceleration in growth reflecting further progress against the business' turnaround plan. GMPD's quarter was overall consistent with our expectations and the team is already working hard on the continued ramp-up in Q4. Among our other operating businesses, our new reporting structure implemented at the start of Q3 is reinforcing our focus on performance and purposeful investment in growth. The strong demand we are seeing across Nuclear, at-Home Solutions, and OptiFreight, fueled by favorable industry trends, excites us about the long-term potential as these markets and businesses continue to develop. And as we've optimized the financial strength of the broader enterprise, we've seen meaningful benefits below the operating line this year. Putting it all together, we're pleased to be in a position to raise our fiscal '24 EPS outlook, provide preliminary guidance for fiscal '25 of profit growth in each of Pharma, GMPD, and Other, as well as overall EPS, and reiterate our long-term targets for our businesses and enterprise. Our strategy and long-term outlook are unaltered and our team remains focused on executing our plan as we serve our customers and continue to drive our company forward. With that, let me turn it over to Aaron to review our Q3 results, fiscal '24 guidance, and early fiscal '25 outlook in more detail.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. Just I'll build out a little bit further the puts and takes for '25. As Aaron highlighted and scoped it, the delta is a net approximately $80 million when you look at the -- those different reference points. So, that obviously implies an Optum impact of something greater than that, that's being partially mitigated through several different items that we've called out. One is the other customer progress that we've had. So this value proposition is definitely resonating well with our customers and so we've had good win rates in other areas. And so, that would allow us some opportunity to partially offset that, that's included in that net $80 million, as well as the inclusion of Specialty Networks. So overall, specialty growth, we expect to continue to be strong. And then we have the Specialty Networks acquisition that closed last month. So we'll get kind of a three quarter type of year-over-year benefit, because we'll have it in our fourth quarter as well and the ongoing growth with that. And then there's some opportunity to further reduce cost by streamlining our processes even further, simplifying even further. So, overall, we feel really good about those offsets and that gets us to that net about 4 percentage points that we're calling out right now.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. There's a couple of things I think about this, George. First of all, thanks for the question. As I step back and think about just the backdrop of your question on the competitive environment, there -- while there are a couple changing hands, as you highlighted, I think the overall market continues to behave in a very rational way. We continue to be very thoughtful and disciplined in how we participate within it. And it's the exception of those contracts changing hands. The vast majority of contracts don't change hands as they come up for renewal. So I don't think that that -- it changes things. And you -- while you're still stepping back from everything, our role ultimately on the distribution side is to safely, securely, and efficiently deliver these products for our customers, that hasn't changed. Now, I think your question is, are there other elements that make that evolve further. Hey, we've got the full suite of services. We are building those out further. I think our customers always are looking for opportunities where we can add additional value. That hasn't changed either. It just evolves as to where they are most focused, and each customer has a little bit different value proposition from which to build from. So that will resonate better with some customers than others. And our objective is to continue to build out those capabilities, both upstream and downstream, so that we can be that full service supplier and partner to ensure that we can help them grow their business.
Jason Hollar: Well -- yeah, I think we can understand where she was going with trying to build out further for first half versus second half. So, the one thing I would stress, let's talk about the puts and takes and the timing of the puts and takes. So this customer migration will be somewhat of a cliff event at the end of the fiscal year. So, the June 30 to July 1, which is exactly the beginning of the fiscal year. So, that first quarter, we'll see that volume drop off fairly precipitously. And then the other business that we've won, some of it is already feathering in, some of it will continue over the course of the year, and we've highlighted in our comments a lot of it will be in the second half of fiscal '25. So, the timing of that, that piece of the puts and takes will be a little bit more second half weighted. Especially networks I referenced, that is a nice tailwind that is going to start benefiting us. It's included in our guidance for the fourth quarter, but we'll have three quarters of year-over-year performance driven by that business being added in and the continued just overall growth of utilization over the course of next year that we expect as well. The other cost actions will be varied. There's some things we've been planning for this for quite some time. And so, some of those cost actions will be in place by the end of the year. Some of those will need to take time to allow our operations to settle with that lower volume. So this is a customer that beyond it being -- it's a large and growing customer. So we definitely liked that volume. At the same time, it was a customer that had a lot of non-standard and customized processes and the demand profile was a bit more volatile. So we'll be able to operate more efficiently as this volume exits, but that won't necessarily be a day one type of thing. It will take us a little bit of time to get the each of the individual sites to be flowing with the new product that is coming in, but also just optimizing with the existing product. So the puts and takes there are all items that we start to see some mitigation at the very beginning of the fiscal year and then build over the course of the year.
Jason Hollar: Nothing to add on that component. As it relates to Red Oak, we feel very good about the scale and competitiveness of that venture -- joint venture that we have with CVS. The combined volume that we both bring is sufficient to have significant scale in the space. The percentage of volume that was related to the lost customer is quite small relative to the total that we have that remains. So we feel good about our -- continuing our mandate of both continued value for our partners and, ultimately, our customers and as well as the dual mandate aspect of also driving supply as much as possible.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. So I -- the so far comment was simply to highlight that we are guiding to at least 1% growth. And so, that reference is entirely around, of course, we continue to look for other opportunities to mitigate further. And depending upon our success with those additional actions will be the answer to your question about incentive comp. We'll, of course, appropriately define a target with the alignment with our Board to ensure that we are motivated to drive the business forward. And then, as it relates to Specialty Networks, our underlying assumptions are unchanged. The accretive comment was -- you're right, Eric, that the reference point was a year after the close and that was including the dilutive effect on the interest. So, the lost interest on $1 billion, $1.2 billion is the offset to the operating earnings that we see within the Pharma business. So it's really just the geography of the plus and minus with that.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. So it's across various classes of trade. So it's broad based wins that we've received. We are not anticipating needing additional new wins beyond what we've already completed or in process of completing. And that's why when you think about the embedded guidance that we're talking about in terms of maintaining our long-term targets of that 4% to 6% growth, some years like this year were at the above the high end and next year, it will be a little bit below the low end, but the average is out to that 4% to 6%. And so, it implies a '26 and beyond type of rate that continues to be in that 4% to 6% range, which is kind of a normal -- normalized ongoing type of earnings level. So what -- how I step back and think about our progress to date, it really comes down to our service levels and our customer service and really listening to what is important to those customers and working with them for a solution that is not necessarily customized, it is standardized, but with their needs in mind. And we're getting fantastic feedback from our current customers in terms of what that service level has been that is translating over to the desire by customers that we're not working with today to consider using Cardinal Health. And so, we have the time, attention, and energy now that we're able to devote even more to those existing customers to streamline those processes in a little bit more of a simplified fashion, and we'll continue to drive that value proposition with those new customers. But it's very much a booked business type of perspective that we're now into execution mode. And after this year, fiscal '25, we'd expect it to be even more normalized at that point.
Jason Hollar: So, those are a number of puts and takes that as you noticed, I'm sure, Eric, we did not provide revenue guidance in this update. We will be providing that in the next update, of course. So, certainly, you're in the ballpark on the Optum piece, as I've highlighted before, that is about 10% of that overall book of business. That specialty, everything else would be, PD, non-specialty. And Specialty Networks, the revenue is quite low, because it's the service revenue, it's not distribution revenue. So that's what I would think of independent is that we, of course, would expect our non-Optum specialty revenue to continue to grow nicely and we will frame that, but don't think about that as something specifically related to Specialty Networks.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. I think the competitive environment, I'm not sure I'd put much into that. Our performance within this industry has improved dramatically. I referenced in my comments, the customer loyalty scores improve -- have improved consistently and dramatically from the bottom of the pandemic a couple of years ago. So, our performance is noticeable. Our customers are feeling it. That customer loyalty index, the scores behind it improving, because we have -- we have the low back order, we have product availability, we have great service levels. We're very engaged from a sales force perspective. So we're out there now selling instead of reacting to the challenges of the pandemic. So our customers are feeling that. We have very stable win/loss types of rates. We're growing at least with the market now. So it's more of us showing up, I think, the right way than the market being overly growing more or growing less. The market utilization continues to be more and more normalized. So there's maybe a little bit of volatility here and there, but it's much more normalized compared to where it has been in the last several years. So, not -- that -- and that's the environment we like. We like to see predictable, consistent lower-single digit type of utilization rates that we can grow a little bit above that through our mix and other actions. And then, of course, as Aaron highlighted, the single biggest driver, not only this past year, but that -- what we expect at least in the first half of next year, would be just the lapping of the inflation impacts and everything we've done to mitigate that. Which -- that's another thing that's helpful for us to get that behind us so that we're focused on selling and talking to our customers about the value that we can help provide them, as opposed to dealing with inflationary fluctuations that have occurred in the past. So we're well-positioned to now drive the other elements of the medical -- the GMPD Improvement Plan, which is the ongoing simplification, the ongoing cost reductions, but just continuing to really prioritize more than anything the Cardinal Health brand volume growth.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. Just a couple of things to add. First, on the first question, just to be real explicit, given it's a cliff event customer transition that we are anticipating for July 1, we'd anticipate that that would be largely in fiscal '25 results and there's nothing that we're calling out or indicating at this point that would carry over into '26. And as it relates to the Other businesses, how I think about them, they're each growing very nicely. They each have strong industry, strong sectors of the industry that are benefiting from their own individual secular tailwinds. So, they each have different reasons for their growth. But ultimately, it's because that each of these three areas provide a real interesting value proposition to customers and, ultimately, to the patients. And each of these three, we have a leadership position in. So we're not only benefiting from that secular trend, but we're leading and maintaining or growing our own fair share within it. So we're well positioned for each one of these three and why we have confidence about them. We are investing into them, as Aaron highlighted. That's driving the growth that we believe will be driving long-term profitability as well.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. So I'd -- the -- it's a -- we inflected a couple of quarters ago, right? You saw that with our overall revenue growth that is partly driven by the Cardinal Health brand volume growth. So we saw, for example, this quarter, our revenue growth of 4% was pro-rated within that national brand, as well as Cardinal Health brand, so, we're seeing distribution stabilize. We're seeing that. We've won some business there that has allowed us to grow at or a little bit better than the market. So, overall, we're seeing that this business has now stabilized at a growth consistent with the market. We expect that to continue. This is something that we do have as a component of that growth. As Aaron highlighted, the single biggest driver of profit performance for '25 -- from '24 to '25 is the annualization, the carryover of the inflationary pressure. So that's the biggest item of that implied $100 million, $110 million year-over-year profit improvement. Then beyond that, you have Cardinal Health brand volume growth, cost reductions, and other actions. And so, it is a component, it's not the biggest component. And then it would be a -- from '25 to '26, the primary components that then drive that growth would be Cardinal Health brand volume, as well as further cost reductions as we continue to look to streamline and optimize our footprint, as well as our other supporting cost. So, we're not going to break out the individual pieces there, but those are the biggest pieces then when you go from '25 to '26.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Daniel. And so, with Navista, we are on track to everything that we've laid out first raising this about a year ago. I mean, as I think about the progress we've made, I'd break it into a few key buckets. First of all -- first and foremost, we've hired and brought in a fantastic team, a great mixture of internal and external talent, really drawing from industry those that have done this before and understand what that looks like, but also using our own expertise that have been more focused in other therapeutic areas, but a nice augmentation of the two. And then that new team quickly went to work and defined what went in front of our customers and prospective customers and really listened as to what is it that they need to run their practice, their business more efficiently, more effectively. And it was through that work that we then came to the final point, which is defining the tools, the capabilities that we are building within Navista. So, we didn't just go off and build it. We are building it around what the customers are demanding that they need, those community oncologists, those independent community oncologists, really looking at differentiating for what they need to run their business, both again, efficiently, but also effectively to further improve upon the lives of their patients. So that is the work that's been done, and we are every day building out more elements of this. So I wouldn't think about it as a particular date that everything goes live and we suddenly have this influx of volume. This is the type of thing that builds out our capability over time in different ways and working with our current customers, as well as the prospective ones to layer in when they come into this network and which services they utilize within the network. So that leads you to the Specialty Networks piece, which I would think about it as we now have an internal technology and capability set that's augmenting what we had before. But Navista always approached this in terms of the best of the best in the industry. Using what we have is great, but we also are using a lot of third-party partners to bring in their tools and capabilities, because we're going to put the customers' needs first, the providers' needs first and then build around that. So we do see that there is a role for Specialty Networks and their PPS Analytics platform, but we're not going to make that the priority. We're going to listen to the customers and then determine which pieces of that to bring into that network. So we haven't finalized those decisions as it relates to Specialty Networks. But what I will tell you, on day one, just having that team's insight and expertise has been very beneficial to our own Navista team. So having -- and I mentioned this when we announced the acquisition of Specialty Networks. Yeah, the assets are fantastic. The business is fantastic. But the most important thing for us was the leadership team and the capabilities that they're bringing along with it is every bit as great as what we thought it was when we made the announcement. And we're seeing that with boots on the ground now as we work, not just within Navista, but with the broader business to further improve our capabilities across all the therapeutic areas.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. Thank you. Just to close, appreciate everyone spending some time with us this morning. We hope the overall message that you took away from the call today is that we have a strong and resilient business and a very clear plan for us for '25 and '26, and we're excited about the opportunities and ensuring that our customers and their patients continue to get fantastic service. So thanks again for joining us today and have a great day.
Aaron Alt: George, I would add one further thought, which is, as you see from examples like our acquisition of Specialty Networks, of course, we continue to work to get closer to the ultimate practitioner, so that we are prepared to offer the incremental services that the industry is demanding.
Aaron Alt: So, thanks for the question. What we would tell you is, as we continue to be in an environment of consistent market dynamics, where we see stability on the buy and the sell within our generic business. As we've talked about in the past, the stability that comes with that is when we see a rising tide of volume and a strong prescription demand environment, which we have, we continue to see strength in the generics portfolio, and that's where we are. We are aware that others have made comments somewhat variant from that over time, but we see consistent market dynamics and view that stability as a strength of our portfolio.
Aaron Alt: Eric, you had also asked about the impact to compensation plans. And the point I would make is, we set compensation plans on an annual basis for the management teams. And -- but we also have a long-term element, which is highlighted in our proxy, the targets there, and we'll continue to -- the teams will be continually motivated to hit those objectives.
Aaron Alt: I would add a couple of things to that. First, you asked about cost-out, and my response or our response is that simplification has been a priority of ours for the last couple of years, and we will, of course, continue to go looking for ways we can simplify our operations and optimize our cost. But let me be clear, right, we are not backing away from customer support, particularly the new customers coming onboard, so that we do that seamlessly. And we're not backing away from investing in our future across our enterprise. And so, we will continue to talk about the highlights of those as we make them in future earnings calls, but we will optimize as appropriate, while focused on the long term.
Aaron Alt: So, an answer to your first question, our guide today does confirm the long-term growth within the Pharma business of 4% to 6%. It will be off a lower base in fiscal '25 as we grow at least the 1%. We've not commented on an absolute dollar basis, but we will provide more context on that when we get to our year end results and final guidance for fiscal '25 during our August earnings call. With respect to the Other business, we are pleased with what we're seeing so far. We re-segmented the operation to create additional transparency, focus, and accountability, and I referenced in my prepared remarks that we are already seeing the benefit of that. The topline results are good, right? And we guided 6% to 8% profit growth for this year. We were a little bit lower than that in Q3 for the businesses aggregating in Other so far. And of course, we had the impact of some of the non-recurring adjustments that we called out in Q2 tied to the at-Home business, which reports into Other in the second quarter. But I want to emphasize, we did confirm that we are expecting to achieve the higher results, the 8% to 10% for fiscal '24 and we confirm the high end of that range for fiscal '25, as Jason digs in with the businesses now reporting directly to them and as we invest as an enterprise against setting those businesses up for a higher growth trajectory.
