Jeffrey W. Henderson: Let me start off there. Ricky, thanks for the question, and then I'll turn it to George to make any comments as well. First of all, with regards to my comments about assumptions for contract renewals, as we've always said in the past, we start out each fiscal year -- we do make certain assumptions in our forecast, in our plan related to renewals of contracts, and that's true for both the Pharma segment and the Medical segment. And as part of that, we also make certain assumptions regarding which contract may or may not get renewed early, what the pricing may be on those contracts, et cetera, and that all goes into the total set of assumptions that goes into our forecast and plan for the year and obviously, into our guidance as well. So that's standard procedure not only for this year, but every year in which we are facing contract renewals. Regarding the specific status of the Walgreens and CVS contracts, obviously, it's going to be difficult for us to comment there, but let me just turn it to George to...
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Ricky, I'm not sure I fully understand your question. What I will say, though, is that we do expect a negative compare in Q3 related to the specific issue of the value from new generic launches. Again, as a reminder, Q3 of FY '12 was a fairly phenomenal and unique period with respect to new generic launches because we had 2 very, very large branded products, Zyprexa and Lipitor, that were still in their 180-day exclusivity period and obviously, that was very beneficial for us and the other distributors from a profitability perspective. If you fast-forward a year now, those products are now off exclusivity so you would expect that they will be contributing less to our bottom line, considerably less to our bottom line than they were last year. And as I said, the overall comparison of value from new generic launches, Q3 this year versus Q3 last year, is a negative. So that's probably the one thing I could call out for Q3. Regarding the broader question, again, we don't generally give Q3 guidance, so I'll probably have to stay silent on that, Ricky.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Ricky, let me just sort of comment, and it'll be probably a little more general than you'd like, but that's the way I'll need to keep it for now. So our generic programs are going very well. Our penetration rates are high. Overall utilization in the system is very high. Those pressures that are driving systemwide utilization are not declining and that's all good news for us. And you've probably heard me say this, obviously, the launches are important to us, but we really focus on the notion of value creation throughout the lifecycle of the generic drugs. As you know, that can be a pretty long -- large cycle, so we feel pretty good about where we are and we expect to get continued, real value from our generic programs.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Lisa, I will remind you, at our Investor Day a few years ago, we did indicate that our goal in the medium term was to get preferred products to 30% of our segment revenue. Currently it's in the 23%, 24% range. Obviously, with Don on board, we're continuing to look at our strategy and his focus and efforts to accelerate the preferred products have been considerable, and we expect to continue to drive very aggressively on that front. Regarding your question on margins, I would say there were a number of factors driving margins both up and down in the quarter. I'd say on the positive side, clearly, commodities were a positive benefit, which was good news. After 2 years of facing the headwind, it’s nice to have a bit of a tailwind behind us in that regard. Secondly, I'd say preferred product mix within the overall sales contributed to margin. And then the performance of Canada, including the integration of Futuremed, was a positive. On the negative side, we face the normal competitive environment in terms of pricing, and I would say, nothing to notable to note there other than always, our customers are looking for increased efficiency. Secondly, I'd say there was a slight negative impact from customer mix and that was just more a consequence of who bought what during the quarter. And then the third one, which I will highlight again, is really the impact of utilization. That has several impacts on us as you would expect, but probably most notably, particularly when procedural utilization is down, whether that's inpatient or outpatient, given that the large majority of our preferred products tend to be used for procedures, if we're facing a relatively stagnant utilization environment, that limits our ability to maximize the sales of preferred products. So overall mix in the quarter was probably not what we would have hoped if utilization would've been a little bit more robust.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. Great question, Bob. A couple of things I'd point you to. Number one, we'll continue see benefit of commodity prices in the second half of the year. Some of the positive boom that we saw, particularly in Q1, really starts to flow through the income statement in Q3. Assuming we don't see a dramatic movement in rates for the next month or 2, for the second half of the year, commodities will be a significant positive. The second thing I'm going to point to is what you referred to as -- we do expect the benefit from the Medical Business Transformation to continue to accelerate over the course of the year. As we said before, we got a little bit delayed by 3 or 4 months at the beginning due to some change management issues, but we're still very much committed to ramping up the benefit each and every quarter and so, as we would expect, net-net, the benefit to be stronger in the second half of the year. And I would say the continued efforts to drive preferred products, et cetera, they should continue to manifest themselves in our results as well. So those are all positive drivers that we expect, not only for the second half of the year, but beyond. I would say slightly offsetting that, we do have the medical device tax which, although it's lower than we were probably forecasting at the beginning of the year, it's still a negative this second half. And then there's still the uncertainty regarding utilization that -- it has been pretty sluggish in the first half of the year, and how exactly that plays out over the next 6 months remains to be seen. So I would say those are the major moving factors for us as we look at the second half of the year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Just as a reminder for everyone on the call, we went live with the Medical Transformation on February 1, and since that point, particularly through the first quarter of this year, we were in the process of getting used to the new system and getting our customers and suppliers used to the new system, and that really is the change management process that we referred to earlier. So it's really been, in Q2 of this year and beyond that we've been able to focus on beginning to really utilize the value the system brings to us and our customers and our suppliers, and getting back to selling products as opposed to getting used to the new system. So it has taken a period of time to get through that, but as George alluded to in his comments, we do believe that we're largely through that process and back on the upswing. Regarding incremental spend, I would say the vast, vast majority of the spend on these programs is behind us. Are we still spending a couple of million dollars a quarter to fine-tune the system? As you would expect at this stage of implementation, yes. There are certain things we're seeing that could be improved, there are certain things our customers are asking for to improve their interaction with the system, and we're making those continued investments to ensure that this system is as robust as possible. But in the scheme of things, those expenditures are very small.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No. What I said is in Q3, the value from new generic launches will be lower in Q3 within Pharmaceutical Distribution than it was last year. And that's really a comp issue in that last year's new generic launches were fairly unique and quite phenomenal from a contribution perspective. But that speaks just to the value of new generic launches. As we've said before, generic profitability in total is driven by much, much more than just new generic launches. It's driven by our penetration of existing accounts, our new accounts, our ability to continue to supply better. And regardless of how the year-on-year compare for generic launches necessarily looks, for this full year, we would expect the overall profitability of the generics to be a materially positive in total.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I'm not going to get into the specifics of that. That's something we'll cover when we give our guidance for next year. But I will say that some of that severance represents net headcount reduction. But in other cases, it's a relocation of employee headcount. So we are moving some of our production particularly our kitting production, to lower-cost locations. So I would not necessarily say all those employees are going away. They're probably, net-net, we are reducing some employees, but it's really about an overall reduction in product costs related to efficiency of operations and location of production.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: That's something I would comment on -- that's correct. And like I said, we'll talk about the savings when we give guidance for next year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Robust and I'd say generally in line with what we've expected so far. We haven't seen any significant shift versus our expectations.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Russ, this is Jeff. As I said, we continue to be very excited about the performance of China and maybe even more excited about the future potential of the business. I'll answer your questions in reverse order. In terms of acquisitions, we have now completed the -- we have now signed 6 acquisitions since the original Yong Yu acquisition. So 6 in addition to Yong Yu. Four of those have closed, 2 of those are still in the approval process with the government. I would say all of those deals have been less than $30 million and some considerably less than that, because as I said before, it's not so much about buying large volume, it's about ensuring that we have geographic presence in the key population centers of China, which we view as about 25 locations that are critical to our strategy going forward. So that geographic expansion process continues to go very well, both through those acquisitions and through organic means. At the same time, as you referred to, we're looking to layer additional business models on top of our geographic channel. One of those is the direct-to-patient pharmacies that we've setting up. We now have 6 of those in the country. They're doing very well. And the number of products and the number of manufacturers looking to use those pharmacies to get the products to patients continues to expand nicely. So we're very excited about what we can bring to those pharmacies, which is integrity, compliance and our brand in a way that is very appealing to both the manufacturer and the patient. We also continued to expand our consumer health care business, and this is about bringing over-the-counter health care products mainly from Western manufacturers to retail pharmacy. Just given the nature of the retail pharmacy system in China, it's very difficult for manufacturers to get on the shelf sometimes and get promoted and we provide the opportunity through our distribution and merchandising network to bring products to customers through these pharmacies in a way that hasn't necessarily been possible for Western manufacturers before. So that's very exciting and that's ramping up. We continue to build our med device business. Again, it's somewhat different from our U.S. business given the nature of the Chinese market, but we're having great success dealing with med device and MedSurg manufacturers looking to get their products to market in what is a very complex supply chain in China. So these are all things that we're pushing forward very quickly and I think all have great hope for the future.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. Thank you for the question. I'm not going to put it in the context of the remainder of the year because I think capital deployment is sort of a longer-term strategy. But I would say our longer-term philosophy really hasn't changed from what we've spoken about before. We view it as very balanced and somewhat opportunistic depending on the availability of cash and the opportunities we see in front of us. I think it starts with a commitment to a competitive, sustained and growing dividend payout which we've demonstrated over the past 9 months with a almost 27% increase in our dividend, which I think continues to put us really at the forefront of health care services company in terms of that dividend payout and yield. We're also committed to continuing to fund our organic capital expenditures which, this year, we've guided to being somewhere in the $210 million to $225 million range and most of that tends to be concentrated in the IT space. Beyond that, it really is an opportunistic determination between selective M&A and share repo. We are -- we'll continue to look for nonorganic opportunities to accelerate some of our strategic priorities as we've done in the past and we will continue to opportunistically look to buy back shares depending on the market and our share price and windows of availability, et cetera. In any given quarter, and perhaps in any given year, you could see some fluctuations in terms of the balance. So as you saw 3 years ago, we tended to be tilted towards acquisitions; for the past 2-plus years, we've tended to be tilted towards share repo. But again, that's based on opportunities and availability of cash. Overall, our longer-term philosophy hasn't changed.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I would -- again, I would say primarily, our work has been in -- oncology is where we've gotten the greatest traction. We have had some progress around neurology, which is a relatively new area for us. But again, it's not just the distribution for us. It's building out the technology services. The specialty space has some unique characteristics. Heavy clinical orientation, a bit more orientation around technology, and we've been investing on that. It takes time and it takes the right talent and we've also been building out the right team to do that. So I don't think I'd attribute it to one thing, but I think as you develop the services that enable the practice, it builds credibility. It's a small universe of physicians who talk to one another and we're just generally making progress there. Again, plenty of room to grow, but making good progress.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Just to build on that, as George said, I think right now the dollar growth is coming from oncology. But I would also say we're having great success in penetrating both neurology, as George said, but also rheumatology, and that's really about laying the platform for the future as we see future specialty drugs coming down the platform, particularly RA establishing a strong market share in that area and building on that is very important.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, we think we're at a run rate now of somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion revenue for China. The margin rates do tend to be better than what we see in the U.S. and we expect that to continue over time. In terms of revenue growth rate, yes, we are very much expecting and driving strong double-digit revenue growth for the foreseeable future as we continue to build our presence there. So yes to all questions.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: First of all, Express Scripts did have some impact on inventory, obviously, as we unwound that account although you have to look at it in the context of payables and receivables as well. But if you're talking specifically about inventory, yes, the unwind of Express Scripts definitely had a positive impact in terms of reducing inventory for the quarter. I think most of that unwind has happened. I don't see any further impact from the unwind of Express Scripts influencing Q3 or Q4. However, I do see continued efforts from both Medical and Pharma to get more efficient about inventory and that effort won't change in either segment.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, we would expect that, although obviously, receivables and payables would move in tandem with that as well. So -- but yes, we tend to carry a fair amount of inventory at year end. And as you said, that was somewhat dampened this year because of the Express Scripts unwind, but then with that inventory would tend to get liquidated in the Q3 and Q4. I think your question was specifically about Express Scripts but more broadly, yes, you would see that trend. But again, keep in mind, for some of the inventory that we carry at the end of the year, we've also got payables for it so it doesn't necessarily all flow to the operating cash flow line.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, so first of all, for the quarter, if you look at total SG&A last year to this year, and I'm going to talk about non-GAAP SG&A. It's up about $60 million year-on-year. About $12 million of that is related to acquisitions, about $5 million of that related to deferred compensation, which is always a bit of a swing factor in a quarter that can't be forecasted related to stock market movements. $10-plus million of that increase is related to some of our strategic initiatives, including China, especially in preferred products. We've got a little over $8 million of depreciation now related to MBT that flows through each quarter. So I mean, those are the specific things I would call out. I would say the first half of the year, our growth rate in SG&A was fairly robust because of those factors. I would expect that to moderate in the second half of the year. But I would describe the first half of the year as somewhat abnormal in terms of overall SG&A growth rates. But in terms of where it's being directed, I'm actually quite happy that we're placing it in the right places. It's growing into acquisitions which are over-performing. It's going into our strategic priorities. And it's going into our Medical Business Transformation, which we're relying on to drive a great deal of value going forward. So it's very carefully being apportioned throughout the organization.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I would say we're not prepared to give the specifics on that. The business is still ramping up. It's still relatively a small portion of our overall profitability. We're happy with where the revenue is going. From a profit standpoint, as we indicated in previous calls, there's some dampening effect from the fact that some of our pharma services revenue that we have been benefiting from previously has dropped off from a unique situation with one of our manufacturer customers. So that's tended to dampen the profit impact over the past few quarters. But we remain excited about the momentum that we're gaining on the sales side and continue to be very focused on how we drive profitability from that revenue into all areas of the Specialty business, but it's probably a little bit too early to comment on the specific profitability from that business.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Ricky, there's very little to say at this stage. What I can say to you is that, as you know, the timing is not in our hands. But I would say that just based on the expiration date of the contract and the typical sequence of things, we would expect that during this March quarter, we would get a good indication as to how this would go. Of course, it's unlikely that we'd be announcing anything until contracts are signed, but that's just sort of a lay of the land, but beyond that, it's hard to provide a lot of additional color.
George S. Barrett: I think in general, if you look at our priority areas, they tend to be positive to mix. Remember, I talked to you about our focus on not just efficiency but on portfolio mix, and I think what you're saying is largely correct.
George S. Barrett: It's a bit early for us to give firm goals here externally, but you'll probably hear more from us, Lisa, about this as the program unfolds. But we have internally aggressive targets for growing these areas. We think they really are valuable to our customers. And as you said, they also tend to be margin-accretive to us.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Bob, it's George. Here's what I'd say, it would even be hard to call it utilization trend. Utilization is unbelievably choppy and it -- depending on the month, the setting, and the source of the data, so even sample size on some of this data is quite variable. So we have not seen what I would say is a discernible pattern. We will see a spike and look with enthusiasm in the next months will roll back again. So we've not been able to yet discern a trend, although there certainly have been periods where it looks like it's picking up but then we've not seen a sustained -- sustained trend.
George S. Barrett: Great. Thanks, Glen. Here's what I would say about pricing. Jeff really touched on it. The swing from inflation and deflation was largely a product of this year-over-year lapping of those key product launches and that which resulted in the loss of exclusivity. I would say in general, generic pricing has not changed materially since we last spoke the last quarter. So this was largely as expected; I would not describe any material change.
George S. Barrett: So, yes. It's an interesting question and I think it's a somewhat interesting systemic question. I think there probably has been some petty oversight when you look at the payers as to how procedures are done, how frequently they're done, what is the pathway that should be followed as it relates to doing procedures. And we're seeing that probably is happening all around healthcare right now. So I think, in general, this is still the tool used, but it's a question of when it's used, at what stage, and I think that's probably what we're seeing. That's why we'd expect, if there's some correction in the system going to the issue of maybe excess utilization, and we're probably seeing this in other areas of imaging, then we might see some correction. I would expect that at some point, we would see a recovery based on the normal demand, based on what's actually happening in cardiac disease.
George S. Barrett: So again, we're not going to guide by the quarter, but I think what I'd say, generally speaking, is that branded price increases have been relatively robust for our year-to-date. So we won't guide as it relates to what's happening in our Q3 or Q4 specifically. But generally year-to-date, we'd say brand inflation has been relatively robust.
George S. Barrett: Well, the trajectory has been good. I think for us, it's been important for us to build scale, which we've been doing. You've seen the growth rate. That was also important in terms of our -- solidifying all those relationships with the manufacturers. They want to make sure they're working with a partner that has good reach, and we've been able to accomplish that. I think our work has really been about expanding, not just that distribution reach but also the services work that we're doing in oncology, in neurology and some work in rheumatology. So trying to provide value drivers for those practices in combination with the work that we're doing in building out our distribution operations has been a good combination. But again, we still have quite a way to go, but progress is encouraging.
George S. Barrett: Yes, thanks. I would say there's probably not anything that would be noteworthy. Again, our concentration on a couple of key accounts, obviously, is one that people are well aware of. But obviously, our distribution includes whatever, 15,000, 16,000 other customers. And so I would say that the ones that you've highlighted are the ones that are worth noting on publicly. But by and large, nothing else that is moving the needle in some dramatic way.
George S. Barrett: Yes, good question. But we really do believe that the margin expansion is a product of multiple parts of our strategy. Part of it is the way we've approached customer mix. Part of it is the way that we've looked at product mix, and particularly, the way that we've driven our generic programs. Part of it is our overall approach to efficiency and the services that we're providing and how we get compensated for those services. So in general, I would say the pattern has been pretty consistent over these past couple of years. Obviously, it's our goal is to continue. That direction of margin expansion is a high priority for us. We measure it religiously. But we're really doing it in a way that addresses customer needs and that's the key. So we've been encouraged at the progress and we really will continue to focus on this very heavily.
George S. Barrett: Obviously, that was a factor and I don't want to get too specific about how much given the competitive nature of our pricing, et cetera. But it was a driver although I don't think was the most important driver for us.
George S. Barrett: Eric, I would just add, this is something that we actually track very carefully. So it's not just tracking our SG&A expenses, but it's looking at the allocation of those expenses to the areas internal that we deem to be strategically are very relevant to us. So we try to make sure we're not spending in areas where we don't add infrastructure and we are spending in areas where we think it can create sustainable value.
George S. Barrett: Great. Thank you. Just thanks again to everyone for joining us this morning, and we look forward to seeing all of you, or at least many of you, at the upcoming events and have a good day. Thank you.
