Mike Kaufmann: Thanks for the question, Michael. I would say, as you know, there are several components, as we’ve talked about in the past, to our generics program. The ones that we continue to feel very good about is Red Oak. We continue to expect that to be a positive for us, just less of a positive then we saw this prior year. We continue to see generic launches as a positive, although we see them as a pretty small set of launches this year. We continue to see overall generic volumes to be growing for us as we’ve been able to work with some customers to buy more generics from us and from recent wins. Then, the biggest offset being the generic deflation, which we continue to see the market being stable compared to where it was this prior year. But, based on all of the other facts, the net of all that for our generics program, we would still expect to be a headwind.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. So, why don’t I just do this to be helpful, and you’ll be able to figure out which pieces are specifically Medical, Pharma or something that might be captured at a top end. I’ll just go through all of the puts and takes kind of in descending order for each to try to be helpful. First one on the outside, Patient Recovery, year-over-year accretion is going to be number one for us. Number two is going to be growth in our existing businesses with Specialty continuing to be expected at double-digit growth. Tax is going to be third for us. We expect the tax rate, as Jorge mentioned, to be in the 25% to 28% range versus roughly the 29. Shares would be next. The discretionary 401(k) contribution, which we don’t expect to have next year at this point in time; and then, next would be the net benefit from the cost structure initiatives. Remember that I told you that we expected annualized savings of over $100 million this year, but we are reinvesting a large portion of those back into the business to grow and drive future growth. So, those are kind of the puts. And the takes would be the divestiture of China and naviHealth. Those -- P&L impact of both of those are -- obviously, China has gone and naviHealth is much lower the next year. Customer renewals would be the second piece. And again, remember, a lot of those have already been done in ‘18. And then, generics program would be next. PharMerica would be after that. And then last would be the tampered brand inflation that Jorge said. So, specifically for us in Pharma, it’s going to be the customer renewals, generics, PharMerica America and brand.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Erin. A couple of things. We really like the naviHealth business. But as we look to a couple of things that were important, one is there is a lot of changes in that space, and we knew there was going to be significant investment needed in that space, particularly over the next 12 to 18, 12 to 24 months. And we knew that all of that investment would be not only impact on the P&L but even more importantly an impact on our ability to focus on the things that will drive these for more value in our Medical segment. And so, we began to explore opportunities, the potential for us to be able to, if we could in a disciplined way, get back what we had invested in the business but still retain some type of ownership with the path back as opportunity to take it back, if we wanted to over the midterm, then that might be something worth doing. And so, we did that. We were able to accomplish. We were able to exit the business and get back more than what we had invested, as we all as retain 45% ownership and work with a really good partner like CD&R who we think is really well positioned to invest significantly in the business over the next 12 to 24 months. And then, both in terms of hiring people and talent, is a way for us to do this. So, we really think that this maximizes the growth potential of naviHealth and really allows us to stay focused on the big key drivers for us in Medical, which is turning around Cordis and landing the patient recovery business and driving the rest of our business. So, that was the overall reasons behind that. As far as the other decision on our portfolio, as you can you imagine, we can’t talk about those specifically right now. But as I said in my prepared remarks, there’s nothing off the table. We continue to look at our portfolio. Each business needs to perform well. And we need to feel that we’re an advantaged owner. And with those types of lenses, we will continue to take a look at our portfolio.
Mike Kaufmann: As far as the opioids go, we continue to be committed to this. This is something really important to us as a company. We think that -- 10 years ago, we started doing our various programs that we have Generation Rx, and have been making investment steadily for over the last 10 years into this, both internally and externally. So, I don’t see that changing. At this point grime, it’s hard to predict what the level will be in 2019 versus 2018, but we will continue to make investments in opioids going forward because it’s important to us.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I think it’s both directions, but I’ll -- probably little bit of different color. I think, upstream with manufacturers, as we continue to see manufacturers make different decisions on the amount of inflation they feel comfortable with, if they’re contingent manufacturer, then, we’re going to need to work through those contracts. If manufacturers also decide to make any decisions around WAC prices and reductions there, again, in order to make sure we get compensated for the value that we provide, then, those agreements also are going to have to change. And so, I think from that standpoint, as I mentioned earlier, we feel good about the conversations we’re having. It’s a little early to say how they’re going to go because manufacturers are still assessing themselves what they’re going to do, if anything, in those areas. And so, we’ll continue to monitor it and continue to have discussions. But, if they do change WACs or they change their inflation assumptions, then the contracts should change, and they will change, and I believe we’ll get through those. As far as downstream, I think it’s a little bit differently in the sense that we need to continue to have the type of conversations we’ve been having with customers to educate them on the changing marketplace and to make sure that we’re looking to them to have those types of conversations, look at the mix that we have with those customers. Because at the end of the day, it all comes down to balancing your pricing with your cost structure. We’re a little bit obviously out of balance which is why we’ve had declines in our pharma distribution. And we’re working both on the cost side and the customer side to get that more in balance.
Mike Kaufmann: I don’t necessarily have a specific model at this point in time. I think, the importance is, is that we’re very discipline. 12, 15 years ago, we went through the model change. We created what we call our next best alternative model, where we really look at each specific manufacturer to the value that we deliver for them. And as you know, each manufacture kind of has their own dynamics and mix and the adjustments they may make, the growth they may have and stuff differs. So, we’re going to continue to work with each pharma manufacturer to see what’s the right type of structure that may work for them and for us. We’re going to be really focused on our value prop and then make sure we get paid for what we do. But, I’d say, it’s still a little too early to know exactly what might be the right model. But, we’re having multiple discussions including keeping it similar to what it is, but higher rates the WACs are lower. So, we’re -- that model could be a very simple change from that standpoint. So, we’re looking at a continuum of different opportunities.
Mike Kaufmann: Great. Well, I just want to thank everyone for taking the time to join us this morning. And we look forward to seeing many of you at some of the upcoming conferences. Thanks and have a good day.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. This is Jorge. I’ll take that question. We have not provided specific numbers around inventory write-offs, but what I could tell you is that the team has made tremendous progress in fiscal 2108, in terms of improving our demand planning system, improving our global supply chain platform. And as we go into fiscal 2019, we believe we are in a much better position to manage our inventory levels across our global supply chain. So, I’d say, we are making good progress. The trends are moving in the right direction. And it’s one of the key elements of our turnaround plan four Cordis. 
Jorge Gomez: Good morning, Ross. Thanks for the question. Yes. When we step back and look at the performance of the segments in Q4, we actually operationally, we landed pretty much where we thought we were going to in Q4. You’re right, in the corporate segment, we have -- there’s a large expense amount that is related to the 401(k) contribution that I mentioned on my prepared remarks. So, that’s what reconciles the performance of the segments to the total performance of the Company in the quarter.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. I think medical in Q4 is hard to look at that and see those numbers as representative of the cadence that we’ll see next year. The other element we had in Q4 for Medical was the push down, the allocation of enterprise-wide compensation entry that happened in the quarter. So, when you combine that with the amount of inventory write-offs that we had in Q3, Q4, that brings the margins for medical in Q4 below the levels we would expect to see for that business. So, when we think about 2019, we should see a lift in those margins, given the non-recurring nature of some of those items.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Thanks, Erin. This is Jorge. So, with respect to accretion goals, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we delivered what we committed to delivering in fiscal 2018, and we are on track also to be in excess above of the accretion that we have forecasted for fiscal 2019. So, things are going well in that part of the performance of the business. With respect to TSA exits, we just began in the last couple of weeks the exit of the TSAs in North America. It is a complicated process that is going well. It will take several weeks to bring everything in line and have -- and make sure that all the processes are working as expected. But, the early indications are positive. After we complete the exit from the North American TSA exits, we will move on to OUS TSA exits, and in the fall, we’ll begin to exit the arrangements that we have in place for Europe and Asia Pacific. All the preparation work for those exits is also on track. And we feel good about the ultimate outcome of those transitions.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Dave, thanks for the question. With respect to customer investments, yes, the amounts that we had contemplated to invest in fiscal 2018 were completed. And there was a combination of customer renewals and other type of initiatives that we have in place with key customers.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Thanks, George. With respect to the savings, we have a number of initiatives going on. The most important one for fiscal 2019 is in the process of being executed right now. And so, I expect to have the majority of those savings in 2019, but not 100%. So, we will analyze as we go into fiscal 2020. But, the majority of those savings will be captured in 2019. There are elements around labor reduction, there are elements around changing spending policies, the is indirect procurement initiatives. All of those things are underway. So, we began to implement all of them. So, I expect a majority to be captured in fiscal 2019. But, there is going to be a piece that is going to annualize in fiscal 2020. With respect to gloves, this equation is not that different from what we have experienced in the last several quarters. So, as we go into 2019, I think, we will be kind of lapping the effect of the increased costs that we see -- that we began to see in early fiscal 2018. The team has continued to work on multiple fronts to address those cost concerns. I don’t see it as a headwind going into 2019, at this point. But, we are trying to make sure that we do -- that we implement initiatives to actually improve and go back to our prior cost positions with those products.
Jorge Gomez: Well, we haven’t broken down the pieces of the revenue growth. But, I would tell you that within the Medical segment, there are a number of businesses that are growing organically well. You have at-Home, you have Cardinal Brand other than Patient Recovery. We have Cordis who -- which is also ramping -- continues to grow from a top line perspective. So, I think there’s a number of -- most of the businesses within the Medical segment organically are showing increment from the top line perspective.
Jorge Gomez: Yes, sure. Let me help you a little bit with that. So, in April, the state of New York created an aggregate $100 million annual assessment on all manufacturers and distributors who sell or distribute opioids in New York. Based on that, a law -- the initial payment is due on January 1st of 2019 for opioids sold or distributed during calendar year 2017. And we haven’t factored any impact from this newly passed law into our guidance because there’s still a lot of uncertainty around how it would be implemented. Some of the uncertainties that we see with this law include, there is a significant legal challenge pending against that law. There are a lot of complexities in the way the law was written, and is waiting some guidance from the state. And frankly, there’s a lot of uncertainty in terms of how much each participant in that market will actually pay.
