Jason Hollar: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal '23 was an inflection point for Cardinal Health with improved performance, strong execution and notable progress against both our short and long-term plans. We delivered record financial performance, including our highest non-GAAP EPS ever, reflecting 14% growth in the prior year. We grew Pharma segment profit an impressive 13% and generated $2.8 billion of adjusted free cash flow. And in Medical, we drove significant sequential improvement in operating performance from a segment loss in the first quarter to over $80 million of segment profit in Q4. This year, we took decisive action to advance our three strategic imperatives; building upon the resiliency of our Pharma segment, executing our Medical Improvement Plan and maximizing shareholder value creation. Consistent with what you heard at our June Investor Day, these results were achieved through our team's commitment to ruthlessly prioritize the core of our business and to better serve our customers so they, in turn, can focus on caring for patients. We simplified how we operate by streamlining our organizational structure, exiting non-core product lines and rationalizing our geographic and manufacturing footprint. We made key leadership changes and governance enhancements, adding talent and key positions across the enterprise and to our Board. We formed and extended the business review committee tasked with evaluating our strategy, portfolio, operations and capital deployment. On that note, we completed our review of the Pharma segment, including announcements at Investor Day to further invest in our Nuclear & Precision Health Solutions business and launched our new Navista Network supporting community oncologists, which I will discuss more later in my remarks. We recently closed our Outcomes merger with BlackRock's Transaction Data Systems, which we see as a big win for pharmacies and an important opportunity to accelerate the business' future growth. We also deployed capital responsibly with a continued eye on maximizing value, and we are positioned with the financial flexibility to continue driving value for shareholders. At Investor Day, we provided preliminary guidance for fiscal '24. With a strong finish to the year and increased confidence as we look ahead, I am pleased that we can raise our fiscal '24 outlook. Later in my remarks, I will share further details on our three strategic priorities. But first, let me hand it over to Aaron to walk you through our financial results and guidance.
Jason Hollar: Eric, good morning. Good to hear your voice and happy to give you a little more context on that. Look, we were quite pleased with the results for Medical, as you can imagine, delivering that $82 million of results. That was $60 million of what we're referring to as for performance and $20 million in aggregate combined positive seasonality and one-time items in the fourth quarter. And I called -- I call it out purposely that way because it does impact how we think through the cadence of quarters during fiscal '24. Now before giving you a little more context on the quarterly guidance, I do want to go back and just observe that we are reiterating the $400 million profit target for the Medical segment from the year. The Medical Improvement Plan, the key components, that remain unchanged from our description at the Investor Day as well. But we are providing a little more color relative to how we see the year playing out, given the number of moving pieces on the blocking and tackling as I referred to in my prepared remarks as we carry forward. So look, from a full year perspective, the way I would have you think about it is this. As I said at Investor Day, if you take $60 million of core performance and multiply that by 4, that gets you to $240 million of profit, right? If you add $100 million of incremental inflation net on top of that, that gets you to $340 million in total. And as we talked about at Investor Day, that leaves about $60 million of contribution from other elements across the year, the simplification of the Cardinal Health brand, et cetera. That's a full year view of how to think about it. Now as we think about the cadence, though, we are being clear that the profit will be back-half weighted during the year just like it was in fiscal year '23. Our view is that Q1 will have similar core performance with Q4 with sequential performance thereafter. Q1 is the seasonal low point for the Med Products and Distribution business due to both the timing of volume as well as our cost recognition. That's an important point. And similarly, we do expect that continued acceleration of inflation mitigation over the course of the year as well. So that will push the profit from a weighting perspective in the back half. And then don't forget that while we were very pleased to call out a sign of change in trend in Cardinal Health brand, we're also clear at Investor Day that the Cardinal Health brand volume growth is largely back-half weighted. Hope that helps. Next question, please.
Jason Hollar: Yes. I'd think about the Cardinal brand volume growth being back half-loaded through a couple of different lenses. First of all, we do think that the underlying utilization will be -- for the market will continue to be relatively consistent. So we do see same-store sales growth out there, and we anticipate that, that will continue. And within our performance within that, we highlighted that our comparison point to the prior year is becoming easier as we did lose some business over the last 18 months or so that we now are lapping and our five-point plan is working. Our five-point plan to improve -- that includes improving the customer experience and importantly, that supply chain health. We're seeing strong progress as it relates to service levels, CLI scores that gave us very good customer retention in the quarter, net new wins that were positive in the quarter. That gives us the foundation that -- that gives us confidence that we'll grow with the underlying market, especially as we continue to lap that prior year impact, which we think will be more impactful in the second half of the year. So all the leading indicators are going as anticipated and consistent with how we laid it out at the Investor Day and gives us the visibility and the confidence that we'll be able to participate in that market growth that we anticipate that will be there over the course of this next year. Next question, please.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yes. Great. Thanks for the question, George. Yes, so when we think about Navista, I think it's important to recognize that we had a foundation in place. We have a foundation in place, built off of our existing specialty business. We had plenty of programs and initiatives in platforms like our, Navista TS, where we are already providing capabilities to the community oncologists to help support their value-based care initiatives, of course, other data and insights, clinical research support. So we have a lot of the tools. What Navista Network is doing is, bringing that all together in the form of a business with new additional senior leadership brought in place. So that's one of the key things that's happened since the announcement a couple of months ago, is we have brought in additional leadership to bring on top of the strong team that we already had in place that were already serving these important customers and their patients. So we are building that out further with both internal as well as external talent. We also created an advisory board to ensure that we are working directly with both current and prospective customers, more than anything to make sure that they have a strong voice as to where we go next with the development of this platform in this business. We continue to listen and be out in the field doing a lot of research, but we're also building what we're already notably to be some of the key attributes of this platform and this network that they're demanding. What's key and what we highlighted before is that these are the 1,500 that we're focused on here are very strongly interested in maintaining their independence. We're also hearing a strong desire for ongoing transparency, which as health care's most trusted partner, we feel like we're really well positioned for. So it's only been a couple of months since we rolled this out. But in that time frame, we've got the team in place, better definition of what the platform needs to be built out with and continue to work with those prospective customers to make sure that their needs are met. Next question, please.
Jason Hollar: Sure. So in terms of the language change for inflation mitigation, I think you said it best. It's a simplification language. The one thing I would highlight is similar to our disclosures with COVID, over time, those became more difficult to precisely measure. So now we are -- and this inflation mitigation was always focused on the incremental inflation because we had spikes, unusual dramatic spikes in inflation. Well, there's normal inflation as well. So this is just a little bit broader language to recognize that over time, it's becoming harder to differentiate between the two. We have a good understanding of the most significant impacts like the international freight. But when you get into labor, what's normal, what's incremental, it becomes more challenging. And we just have a little bit broader language to recognize that it is going to be less precise than it was early on in our measurement. We're still doing as deep of analytics as possible to get a reasonable understanding of it. As it relates to – I think – well, I think the key takeaway with that is we are on track, right, the ultimately, the strategy makes sense. It should be pushed down to the final customer, the final user of the products and services, given the business model. And so we believe that the basic tenets are absolutely unchanged. It's just reflecting the level of precision. On your second question as it relates to generics, as I step back and think about performance for the Pharma segment this year, inclusive of generics, I think you can think about the overall segment as well as the generics business. There's a couple of things that have occurred. There is the overall market utilization has been very strong, and our performance has been very good within that. And it's at levels that for all the reasons Aaron highlighted is that a growth rate is a bit higher than what normal is and certainly higher than what our long-term growth targets are. And as I think forward to fiscal '24, we expect that to normalize. We expect it to still be favorable growth. We indicated during Investor Day in the 2% to 3% type of range from a unit volume growth, and we would expect to participate within that. And we expect our performance to continue with areas like Red Oak Sourcing to continue to drive both the cost as well as to your other related point, the product shortages. They have a dual mandate to drive performance for both cost as well as service levels to customers. So while there are product shortages sporadic within the overall Pharmaceutical distribution supply chain, that's not a new phenomenon. There's various demand driven spikes and supply driven spikes. Our goal, of course, is to minimize those challenges within that to give our customers the best possible service. And what we saw, in fact, in fiscal '23, it was a little bit of a benefit by being able to supply products as a second distributor as not the primary distributor, but we had some opportunities where we were able to provide when others were short on product. So overall, that was a slight positive for us this year as well. And we expect those types of things to be more normalized in fiscal '24 and feel well-positioned to participate in that growth.
Jason Hollar: Yes. The utilization, we think, has been fairly consistent. I wouldn't call it an acceleration or anything. We're seeing pretty consistent underlying same-store sales type of growth. So it's sufficient within our business model and where we laid it out from Investor Day, but I wouldn't call out anything unique there. As it relates to PPE normalization, a couple of points. So normalized is good for us. This is not a category that we've ever made a tremendous amount of money and value. It's an important category for our customers. And so we do everything we can to satisfy their needs. So going forward, our objective is to ensure that we get customers the product they need and minimize the volatility that goes along with that. But I just don't see it being a material driver one way or the other. Recall that the challenges with PPE was that we had volatile price cost and volume all at once. What you have right now is a normalization that's been occurring over the last couple of years of both price and cost has been coming down somewhat steadily. And they've been staying in a relative type of spread close enough to one another that, that's been manageable. And it's that volume that's been a little bit more challenging. We've highlighted that it was destocking beginning about -- well, over a year ago now in terms of the underlying volume there. But given the margins are relatively tight for this type of product, getting those margins right and relatively low margins means that the volume volatility or the lack of volume growth is not much of an issue for us, because it's just not a large contributor of incremental volume or incremental margins. So we're at a level that I think it's fairly stable, and it's our objective to keep it that way. Next question, please operator.
Jason Hollar: Okay, great. Thanks again for joining us this morning. To summarize, fiscal '23 was a great year. It was a year of inflection, and we are excited to continue this momentum into fiscal '24 and beyond. With that, thank you and have a great day.
Aaron Alt: Yes. Good morning, Lisa. Thanks for the question. Yes, the primary reason for the raise in the guidance on the revenue is related to the GLP-1. So we did not call out anything else. We saw a strong finish to the year as it relates to that. And looking forward, we see that there's nothing that we can foresee in the near term that will change those trends. As a reminder, we did call out for the first time GLP-1 as a benefit to our revenue from a year-over-year growth perspective in the third quarter. So we have kind of a -- there was growth before that, but not as significant. And so it was more meaningful in Q3 and Q4. So as you look forward to fiscal '24, you would expect that revenue growth to be stronger in the first half of the year as that's more of a contributor. Now of course, we don't know what that slope is going to look like into '24, but we would anticipate as you start to lap the second half of 2023 that, that will be more muted in terms of the year-over-year benefit. And I guess what -- as it relates to your second part of your question, I would just reiterate that these are branded products. And as such, they're just not a meaningful contributor to segment profit and just leave it at that. Next question please.
Aaron Alt: Sure. I think I heard a couple of different things, and so I'm going to answer the question I think I heard, and it goes something like this. So we did -- I did comment earlier that in addition to the annualization of the core performance and indeed the inflation mitigation that Jason just touched on that there was $60 million of other benefit coming over the course of the year really driven by the three other pillars within the Med Improvement Plan, the contribution of the growth businesses, the simplification and the Cardinal Health brand work. As I was touching on, that work progresses over the course of the year, and we've seen more benefit towards the back half of the year. I want to emphasize the simplification efforts. Steve and the team are working really hard at that every day. We just see the benefit coming more in the back half. The growth businesses are making good progress. They have some seasonality as well. They are certainly a strong contributor to the additional $60 million over the course of the year. And then Jason has already touched on Cardinal Health brand, so I won't go there.
Aaron Alt: I would just add one thought, which is in Q4, we saw strong volume, as Jason highlighted, but overall consistent market dynamics. And indeed, as we look forward, Jason called out the unit growth, but we are also guiding to consistent market dynamics for the upcoming year as well.
Aaron Alt: Hi, great question. Thank you for putting it on the table for us. Look, we were very focused on our Investor Day in laying out the disciplined capital allocation decision matrix that we apply. And we were also very pleased to see the overall cash generation for fiscal '23 and Q4 in particular. Here's the simple answer. We're going to do what we said we were going to do at Investor Day in that respect. And just as a quick reminder, there are a couple of things which are table stakes for us, which is first, we're going to invest back into the business to drive the organic growth. We spent 480 in fiscal '23. We've guided we're going to spend about $500 million in CapEx against our business plans across the business. Our second priority, of course, is maintaining our investment-grade balance sheet. And you'll recall from our Investor Day that we don't have short-term maturities. We have some bonds coming due at the end of the year that we will likely just refinance. But we're feeling good about our investment-grade balance sheet  And then we've committed to a baseline of return of capital to shareholders, continuing to grow the dividend. We've raised it 34 years in a row. Similarly, we committed to buy back at least $500 million of shares during fiscal year '23. Those are the table stakes parts of how we're going to use our cash. As we then move through the year, as we assess the opportunities in front of us, as we assess how the business is performing, we have two opportunistic levers that we will also be looking at. The first is active, disciplined and targeted M&A largely in specialty, and we have opportunities there that we're looking at as well. And then on top of that, we will also continue to look at incremental return of capital to shareholders. Nothing additional to announce today on either of those two levers. But we want to be clear that we are going to do what we said we were going to do with respect to our disciplined capital allocation strategy.
