Mike Kaufmann: Thanks Kevin and good morning everyone. Before I turn it over to Jason, I will provide a few high-level thoughts. We remain focused on serving our customers and their patients and continue to advance our strategic priorities. With our resilient business model, we are navigating the effects of the pandemic on our businesses. In the quarter, we continued to see strong demand for lab and PPE products and volume recovery in our nuclear business. Medical elective procedure utilization experienced some volatility, and we saw our ongoing COVID-19 related softness in generics volumes, which we now expect to extend into the next fiscal year. With this updated assumptions, we have revised our Pharma segment outlook. Despite the impacts of COVID-19, our business fundamentals are strong, demonstrated by the underlying growth we are seeing in both segments, and we continue to advance our strategic priorities including optimizing our supply chain and portfolio. As you saw in our recently announced agreement to sell the Cordis business. As we navigate the pandemic, our customer focus remains central to our activities. We deeply appreciate that it is our responsibility to serve health care providers, their patients and those on the front lines. Although the operating environment remains dynamic, it has reinforced our critical role in the supply chain. And it highlights opportunities for us to enhance our operations and evolve for future growth. I'll discuss some of the changes we are making later in my comments. But first I’ll turn it over to Jason to provide additional details on our results and outlook.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. Michael, thanks for the question. And as it relates to the generics, remember, we have -- what we always talk about is our overall generics program and what we're seeing here in our overall generics program is that market dynamics are generally consistent. The only thing that has any real material impact on the program right now is generic volumes in certain therapeutic classes related to COVID-19, and it's probably not hard to think about if you've been following the IQVIA data and the other data, there are certain classes, particularly around acute scripts, where we don't see those, getting back to pre-COVID levels prior to our fiscal year and we think as you know, kids get back to school, more people are unmasking, and all those types of things, we would expect the environment to generally return, but we don't now seeing that set of certain therapeutic classes within generics returning to more of pre-COVID levels until the end of the calendar year. So, overall, again good market -- consistent market dynamics in the generic program really just focused on those few classes related to COVID.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it's a great question, and I'll try to be helpful here. Yes, I would say flu season, as we know, has been light. But we've also said in the past, generally, if it were just flu season itself and just flu specific, like focused on just like a Tama flu in some of those, it wouldn't be that big of a driver. It would be a negative for us, but it wouldn't be probably a material driver that we would call out. But you said it well at the beginning; it's really the broader list of categories. So, it's antibacterials, antibiotics, antivirals and pain meds, those generics and those categories are what we're seeing that are -- have just not returned the pre-COVID levels. And if you look at the IQVIA data in these categories, what we're seeing both in our own data per, as you can imagine, a lot of conversations across the various classes of trade, it's very consistent in what we're seeing in terms of those volumes coming back.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it's hard to know for sure, but I'll give you a couple of thoughts. One is I think it is somewhat related to the physician office visits. Second of all, people are masking, social distancing, washing hands. You don't have the people playing like sports at the same level and all those things and having the injuries related to pain meds and all of those things. So, I think it's a combination of a lot of those things adding up. We've been seeing this in monitoring all the categories. And we've been saying since the beginning of the year, our assumption for guidance for both Pharma and the overall company has been about getting back to pre-COVID -- at or near pre-COVID levels by June 30. And it's good to know that we're seeing that in brand. We're still expecting that. We're seeing that in the majority of generics, particularly the chronic generics. Those are coming back. But we were hoping to see more of a ramp than these other ones. We're just not seeing it. So we believe that it's important not only through March, but we also looked at our April data. So it drove us to make a decision to change our Pharma guidance for this year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks, Ricky. Thanks for the question. As you know, it's really hard to get into individual components of the generics program, because as we've said for a while now, just calling out sell-side deflation without talking about the buy-side, the cost improvements or launches or overall volumes, it's -- you're really not giving a complete story. And that's why we've really been focused on just discussing how we see our overall generics program performing. And we really are seeing market dynamics are generally consistent with the only driver in the programs I just mentioned being COVID-related volumes in certain categories.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. As far as contract renewals go, on the ones that we specifically talk about our three largest ones, which we have disclosed, those still have a couple of years left on them before there's any renewals of those contracts. And everything else as it relates to contract renewals for this year is generally tracking as expected. It's always one of those headwinds as a year-over-year basis, but everything is tracking as we expected at the beginning of this year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. That's a hard question to answer in the sense of the level of detail of looking at all of our -- both our buy side and sell side for all those individual categories. Nothing pops out to me related to that component of the driver. As I said, really, overall, the generic program market dynamics were generally consistent. It was more just a volume-related item on those categories. Nothing stands out in pricing, whether it be buy or sell that I would call out.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. Yes. I can start and then turn it over to -- turn it over to Jason. As you know, our practice is that we're -- we're not -- we don't provide formal guidance on 2022 until August, but we'll try to give you a little bit of color to be helpful. I'll start with the fact that we still feel really good about our growth areas. So when we think about specialty, at home, nuclear, medical services and outcomes, we feel really good about all of these businesses. We think they all have strong industry trends, strong outlooks, complementary capabilities to our businesses and our -- we continue to adapt their offerings to focus on our customers' needs. So, I would say, we would still expect all of those growth areas to be positive drivers for next year. And then, let me have Jason give you a little bit of color on maybe a few of the other dynamics.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I would say there's nothing I would call out that's dramatically changing in our Specialty, particularly as it relates to the sales of drugs into the physician office space that we're seeing generally consistent profitability. We are participating in the various different opportunities in there, whether it be actual generics that are in Specialty, the biosimilars. We're participating in all of those activities. We're seeing increased volumes on certain key drugs. And as you know, we've been saying for a while, we have seen oncology come back more quickly than the other areas, but we do expect all the classes of the trade at this point in time within Specialty to be at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of our fiscal year. And then as it goes to our upstream services businesses like our 3PL, our hub and other businesses, those businesses continue to perform well and compete very effectively in the marketplace.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I mean we've clearly had manufacturing efficiencies in our Cordis business, like all of our manufacturing businesses. The team there has just done an excellent job across all of our 30 or more global manufacturing plants at driving efficiencies. There's nothing in particular about the Cordis efficiencies that would change the estimate that Jason just gave you that, that business, when it rolls off, hopefully, in our -- early in our first quarter of next year would have about a $60 million or $70 million earnings associated with it.
Mike Kaufmann: The only thing I would add to that, too, to be helpful is we have really invested in our overall own global manufacturing capabilities. And if you remember in my script, for instance, we're a large manufacturer of syringes. We've increased our capacity there by 15 million units on an annual basis. On gowns, we've added capacity to add 20 million-some manufacturers gowns a year. And our mask were at 150 million more masks a year annually; all in our own facilities, which are all either US or near US, they're all North American types of facilities. So, we've been done, I think, a very excellent job in the Medical segment of increasing our capacity and which what really, I think, strengthens our supply chain. And we've also invested in our sourcing capabilities and broadened our relationships with suppliers. So, we feel really good about some of the changes in developments we've made in our overall supply chain in Medical.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. And we and the entire Cardinal Health team hope you and your family stay safe and well, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yeah, this is Jason. Let me start with your first question there. And your math is very accurate. That would represent right around $60 million of overall enterprise impact due to COVID. That is entirely in the Pharma segment. Within Medical, there was a very insignificant impact in the quarter due to COVID. Now there were a lot of moving pieces, pluses and minuses, but netted out for no significant impact within the quarter. As it relates to the Pharma business, that driver is driven by the generic volumes that Mike referenced in his comments and I referenced in my comments. And I think maybe, Mike, you can provide a little bit more color behind the second part of that question.
Jason Hollar: And I'd just like to add one more thing that $60 million, remember, there was a pull ahead last year. So, only about half of it is an adverse impact in the current year The other half is related to the comparison to the prior year.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yeah. And to enable -- let me just start with, to enable those types of growth areas, we are making investments in our business, and we'll continue to make investments in those businesses. One thing to highlight is, as we've invested more capital over the last couple or several years, that will ultimately result in increased depreciation that we would expect to flow through. But, of course, we would also expect the benefits of the programs, but we'll have some varying pieces there going forward. Beyond that element, again, investing our business being our highest capital deployment priority, we have the other areas like debt reduction and returning capital to shareholders, some of which will be through share repurchases that should have a tailwind associated with it also. Getting into your question around COVID. That is, of course, where we'll see a lot of movement from a year-over-year perspective. As a reminder, we highlighted in fiscal 2020 that we had roughly $100 million headwind associated with COVID, which was more than all in the fourth quarter. Now this year, and then just in this -- today's script, today's prepared remarks, we commented that it was a relatively consistent flat impact year-over-year from a COVID perspective now in this update. So that implies roughly $100 million included in fiscal 2021. Now the key question is, exactly how does that roll off down to 2022? And I would first go back and highlight that a number of the areas we anticipate getting at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of the fiscal year, like the medical elective volumes, nuclear to a similar extent. The brand volumes we've highlighted are also similar. It's those very specific therapeutic drugs within generics will be deferred then until more like the middle of our fiscal 2022. So there will be some offset there that will continue on into the next year. Now there's going to be a lot of other moving pieces with COVID. We would expect there still to be some elevated demand for areas like PPE and the lab business. But we also have the timing elements associated with PPE pricing costs that we continue to track very closely, and it will really be a function of those pricing and cost dynamics, as we go forward. So when I think about the two different segments, what that really comes down to is that certainly, the greatest impact, we have a headwind built into this guidance and that $100 million associated with the pharma business, and we have now more of a tailwind for the medical business. And so, we highlighted that from a year-over-year perspective as well in the prepared remarks that it's a meaningful impact in both this year. And so they will behave then differently next year. And then, of course, the other key piece to think about the puts and takes is the announcement of the sale of Cordis. So we do anticipate that being in the first quarter, hopefully, earlier in the first quarter and we disclosed prior that, that business carries about a $60 million to $70 million annualized earnings rate. And so as we get more specific to exact timing and other details around that, we will provide more color as to what the impact will be for our fiscal 2022.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Yes. So, yes, we have captured the cost increases. The supply assurance program that we've referenced was created to do exactly that, to provide certainty to supply for our customers, but working with them closely to ensure that we're able to cover those costs. What I have referenced, I think, fairly consistently the last couple of quarters is that the timing of when that cost is recognized versus when the price is recognized can be uncertain, can be relatively volatile and that’s what we continue to look at and to manage. But the overall economics of the program are as expected and intended, which is to cover that cost. And then as it relates to -- I think your question was about access to the products. It continues to improve, but especially on the glove side, it's still constrained, but improving day-by-day. There's clearly capacity that's being worked in to provide more supply. But especially in gloves, it just takes -- it's a longer process to get that supply to market. As it relates to Cordis and any dissynergies, I wouldn't call it dissynergies. There are -- certainly, when we look at just our overall cost structure and stranded costs; there's things of that nature. But when we estimate the $60 million to $70 million, that's the all-in impact that's associated with that. We would not anticipate that there are other issues. In fact, I'd go the opposite way. Part of what we've highlighted before about this transaction is that it allows us to focus and to simplify our operating structure around the remaining businesses. And so we think it will create some opportunities for additional synergies more of -- than more of a dissynergies by being more focused on the cost efficiencies of what remains.
Jason Hollar: Yes. For the Medical business, I would anticipate that the impact of COVID in the fiscal year, so not a year-over-year comparison, but just what's the impact of COVID will be a tailwind for this year. So, the question is, well, what are those same types of dynamics next year? Do we see more permanent longer-lasting PPE volumes, lab volumes? I've referenced the timing associated with the price and cost of PPE that could carry over into next year. But if it goes all -- if everything goes back to what a pre-COVID world looked like, it would imply a headwind. Of course, we expect there to be a more significant tailwind opportunity on the Pharma side, but specifically to the Med business, that's the right way to look at it. And just one thing to add additional color to where I'm sure you're trying to go with the question, is that when we think about our full year guidance of the low to mid-20s percentage growth, obviously, we have within that, some of that benefit I'm talking about. And just to be real clear, even if you back that out, we do have growth in the Medical business, but it is a key part of the growth that we're seeing this year as well.
