Jason Hollar: Yes. Great less to start off the discussion. Thanks, Lisa. So first of all, let's start with your first one there about why now. So ebbs and flows. I understand what you mean. And of course, I think what you're referring to is we especially talked about the sales force right before the pandemic. We've made a significant restructuring to have that team very much focused on driving our Cardinal brand mix and then COVID occurred and it went from a sales-focused challenge to now a supply chain challenge. And of course, our sales team as well as our customers were very much focused on PPE and in giving care to COVID patients and the change in the mix was not exactly the highest priority.  So I think it's always been a focus of Cardinal, but we recognize that we needed to change our priorities to align with our customers' priority over the last couple of years. But behind the scenes, especially with the pandemic, our medical team realized that we needed to invest in our own supply chain capability, our own products and a lot of the capacity that is necessary for the manufacturing, either whether it's our own products or source products to ensure further resiliency.  So now that we are getting a little bit more normalized, and we see that we have to invest in that supply chain, it not only helps provide resiliency to our customers, but also allows us to grow high-margin products where we have the right to win and expand our margins further. So now is the right time as we start to move on and allow our sales team to get reengaged and focus on driving that volume. But of course, we need the capacity and the products to allow them to be successful.  You asked a specific question about nutritional. That's just one area, right? We have a very broad, diverse product when we are successful in the category today. The King Group brand is a market leader. So this is not necessary we're getting into it. In fact, that's what gets me so excited about this item, it's opportunity. The 2 items I referenced, the surgical gloves and nutritional are already areas were significant leaders we are with good margins, good growth. We have the opportunity to just get our leadership through additional products and additional capacity. So it's actually a lower with risk strategy than entering in separately.  As it relates to your last question, again, we have a very broad, diverse products, and we can manufacture. We can source and we are to use all tools available to us and use that diverse capability, internal external with partners or ourselves and continue to adapt and evolve as the market demands and when we look at the supply chain state that go behind that.
Jason Hollar: I certainly will not attempt to speak for the Board, but what I will say is that my time both here as well as elsewhere in industry, I'm very focused, very tenured on driving operational performance within the business. I have made a mark within this organization. I've been very focused on capital deployment, driving cash in the company and have made that impact. When I think about what -- why I feel like I'm the right person going forward here, we have a lot of great assets within the organization. We have a wonderful culture. We have wonderful products, leading positions, great growth areas. But with the pandemic has shown us is that we need to go back to some level of basics here in terms of the operational core and driving efficiency, driving simplification, so probably doing fewer things, but doing them better. And that focus and that attention to derisking the model and driving this profit improvement plan for the Medical business.  The pharma business has been very resilient. We hit our both short- and long-term goals this year. We need to keep doing more of the same, while also continuing to grow those growth areas, of which, of course, specialty is the largest one. So we're in a very different phase there. And then with this plan today, we're really highlighting how aggressive we're going to be with our capital deployment that when we generate that cash, $3.1 billion in '22, we're going to deploy it effectively. I'm well positioned to take us through those challenges that we've been faced with and I am going to be absolutely focused on taking the next steps here.
Jason Hollar: Okay. So to start with the spot prices. Well, that's why we always talk about the net impact is because obviously, there's a gross impact and the pricing and other contracting items that create that net. And so as I think about that dynamic in the short term, as I think you indicated and understand, it depends on what it is, right? It's inventory costs like the freight -- international freight, the product freight or the commodities that will be rolled in and that will be more of that 2-quarter lag.  But as it relates to the domestic transportation, that piece, which hasn't moved very much in either direction, that is a little bit more real time. So it kind of depends on what costs you're talking about. Long term, we believe there's going to be a parity to pre-pandemic levels for this. So if costs weaken, get lower then some of the pricing actions may change. In the near term, I don't think pricing is going to change. Under all these pricing scenarios, we're still not covering -- expected to cover more than half of that impact. So overall, we think in the short term, yes, the costs are going to flow more to minimizing the impact of what we have. But again, that would be most likely in the second half of the year.  In terms of the 3% CAGR I'm not sure I fully understand the price question there. But within our Cardinal Health, it's specifically related to that $4 billion bucket that I referenced in my comments that the underlying volume is what that's related to. There is pricing that goes along with that. But I would say it's more on the volume side and the pricing side that's driving that type of CAGR. It's not double dipping on the pricing actions. That is presuming a normalized level of inflation in pricing, and so then it would be more a volume driving that incremental value
Jason Hollar: Yes. So when I step back and think about that plan, the area that is -- there's a couple of areas that could be impacted that have connectivity there. Probably the first one is the simplification and continued cost optimization. Those types of initiatives are wide ranging. And as we implement a particular project to reduce cost. It's a lot of cherry picking between the segments and the corporate functions, when one person has a good idea, we push those across all of them. And in some cases, we're leveraging that scale. We're doing a lot of centralization of work to standardize and offshore back-office activities, things of that nature, using digital tools that when we can invest in those types of technologies and capabilities essentially and blow that out to the whole organization. So that's certainly a piece of it. And then when we talk about the -- growing our Cardinal Health brand portfolio, while there's not a lot of crossover selling, we do have the same customers. And so those relationships, those discussions can spot into a variety of different opportunities. So that's not a huge enabler of that type of item, but it could be a component of it. And I would say that, that's probably the areas that there's the most overlap.
Jason Hollar: Yes. So that reference to 50% of SKUs was reflective of the expected July 1 price increases. So that is effective July 1. Now since then, we've now discussed and are informing everyone of the October 1 increases. I didn't provide that exact number. But remember, that's just the percentage of SKUs that we're touching. I think the more important way to think about it is the percentage of mitigation that we're targeting. So let me kind of walk through the flow and how I think you should think about it for this upcoming year. So as an anchor point, I just walked through in the prepared comments, in Q4 '22, what we just finished is about a 20% mitigation. So we indicated there was a $125 million gross impact with $25 million of pricing. So a 20% mitigation.  We expect that 20% with the July increases and phasing in over the quarter, that's going to increase that to 25% average for the first quarter of '23. Now we would expect that to continue to increase each and every quarter over the course of the year as we roll through various other increases. I mean these are the big ways, but there's always going to be other increases along the way and our supplier fees that go along with this, too. And then that 25%, we expect to double by the time we exit fiscal '23. So we expect a run rate of about 50% by the time we exit fiscal '23. And then as I indicated in my comments, we would expect to exit fiscal '24 with 100% mitigation. By the time you get to the end of '24, we would expect that part of this inflation continues to come down. So our growth impact in '24 would trend lower and then our pricing would trend higher until effectively, those 2 numbers offset.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Well, yes, no, yes, okay. Got it. I think there's a couple of key points. First of all, it's very consistent with what we've done this past year and that was driven by a couple of key drivers. And I think you should think about the drivers as being similar because one of the drivers we've referenced a few times is some net new business that we referenced team in beginning in the third quarter of '22. So that would be a little bit more of a front-end loaded type of revenue benefit as we see fiscal '23. And then we've also been highlighting the strength in our large customers large book PD specialty. And we've seen some really good volume in the brand category. And so as you know, some of that larger customers and some of the brand volume doesn't always bring with it a tremendous amount of margin, but that's one of the reasons why you see very robust revenue growth and still profit growth well within the range of what we've indicated for both our short- and long-term goals. But those are the biggest drivers.
Jason Hollar: Okay. Okay. So starting with the pricing. I think you got it fairly close, but let me clarify a few points. Yes, on -- you got the math right for Q1 that would be pretty close to how you should think about it. So yes, the gross impact is increasing a little bit from the $125 million in Q4 to the $150 million in Q1. And that is -- just to make sure we connect all the dots. Yes, spot prices, we see are starting to soften in a few areas, not all areas of some going dose direction too. But generally speaking, there's some benefit there, which but it's not impacting our P&L because it's got that 2-quarter lag. So when you think about when the international trade specifically it started reducing dramatically about 2 months ago -- 2, 3 months ago, there was a really big reduction. So you wouldn't expect that and it didn't reduce -- there's been a consistent reduction over the last several weeks. So it's going to take some time for that to flow through. So certainly, Q1 can see any of that benefit. And that's why you see the growth impact still increasing is because that's from 5, 6 months ago as well. As we think about the exit and you're trying to get the math on the pricing, is the pricing double from that probably not because what you're missing, I think, in your math is that, that $150 million should come down over the course of the year. We are anticipating it will come down in part because of that international freight. So that will begin to come down and then pricing will continue to go up. But by the time we exit, again, that exit rate would be around that 50%. But but lower than the $150 million and higher than the $37 million, $38 million from the first quarter.  As it relates to the revenue mix, that's hard to say. I I'm not ready to answer that specifically. The one thing I'll highlight is, as we indicated, $2.4 billion of revenue for at Home is a meaningful number when you look at that. So as a matter of -- are you doing calculations on the full segment or only on medical products and distribution at $2.4 billion of revenue, it's been growing consistently at 10%. We expect to continue growing robustly. And so that will, in a way, have a mix effect, so a percentage of revenue in the total segment, that will be a bigger piece of medical product distribution, most likely the smaller piece. So we'll need a little bit more math before we can respond more clearly on that one.
Jason Hollar: Okay. So the short answer for the medical improvement plan is no, M&A is not a cornerstone of that plan. We will be looking to always augment, especially our growth businesses. So when I -- when we talk about that second point, accelerating our growth business primarily at Home Solutions, that is very much an organic investment story. We are investing in distribution capacity, that 10% growth does mean that we have some constraints and we need to invest in that to ensure that, that business can continue to grow profitably. So that is not a cornerstone. In fact, I would say maybe a little bit of the opposite. A lot of what this plan is, is very focused on the core. It's very focused on -- we have -- we just increased our CapEx guidance this year from where it's been in the past.  That was hinted at and signaled last quarter where we talked about some of these capacity investments that, again, we still are relatively low risk and a good return. So it's more of that type of investment that we're focused on and that we believe is a better balance of risk and return as we drive this plan forward. We won't ever ignore it, and it could be a pillar -- or I'm sorry, it could be an enabler at some point later on, but it's not the focus and not necessary for what we're doing.  As it relates to PPI, I think just one maybe I kind of talked about a lot of the pieces, but one area that is often referenced as a key driver for a lot of our cost is just oil in general. That has come down. So PPI in general, I don't pay much attention to. I do look at the price of oil at least 2, 3 times today. It does have an impact on a lot of input costs and we talk about polypropylene, polyethylene, polystylene, all these poles have some input costs that are petroleum based that does impact it.  But the supply demand dynamics are so wonky right now that it's hard to see a one-for-one transition of these input costs. And I think at some point, that will come through, but we're really not seeing it that much. We are seeing lower diesel costs. So that's going in the right direction. That I would expect at some point will help with the transportation rates, but we're not necessarily seeing those elements, where it is most striking is the international freight. And that continues to be the one that is clearly running lower but it's just going to take time for that to run through our P&L. But I wouldn't call that an inflation-driven or input cost-driven point, the cost of diesel fuel for a freight as small. It's the supply and demand dynamics that we're all out of whack early on the pandemic that appear to be getting a bit more in line. That's why at this point, I believe that, that cost will maybe not keep going down at the pace of that going down, but it does feel like we're seeing more flat and down days for those costs than updates everything else, we're going to have to get more data to be able to provide additional input.
Jason Hollar: Yes, I am happy with the team in place. This is our plan. They've been working on this for quite some time. We have shared elements of it conceptually with our investors with you all in the past. What this is doing is putting a finer point on this plan and making it more visible the commitments that we're making. We are leaning into some of the investments I mentioned before, especially on the CapEx. I do think that we need to continue to augment some of the capabilities. We have several very key new team members on that team that when you think about a lot of the supply chain challenges that we're talking about over -- especially this past year and even with last quarter, we have augmented the team significantly with terrific talent, industry relevant talent, but most importantly, product talent, talent that knows the supply chain knows manufacturing that was able to make an immediate impact in finalizing this plan and allowing us to take it over line.  So I would not be presenting it this way if I didn't have the confidence that we have the people behind it to actually execute it. The other thing I'll say about a plan like this is I absolutely understand the intent of your question. because there are several things that need to happen here. And one thing I've learned in my 2 years here is that it's not what's on the piece of paper that ends up taking a sideways. It's the things that are unforeseen, like COVID and like inflation. And so with that said, that's why you see after every single one of these actions, at least or $60 million plus or $50 million plus is because our internal plans are definitely more aggressive than this. And we know that there's going to be some unforeseen things that are going to make us exceed some of these items so that we can hit it.  So yes, a lot of execution, but we have the team and we have the plan in place, and that's where we have to start. As it relates to your question on competitiveness, I think I'd like to answer that maybe a little bit more broadly because let's just talk about inflation. As long as we have a cost competitive sourcing, manufacturing footprint, then inflation that we incur absolutely needs to be pushed down to the final customer. By its nature, inflation in most industries, the most periods of time, don't get absorbed in the supply chain, there's not -- especially in distribution, there's not the margin to absorb inflation. And so when that higher cost with the industry's cost over a longer period of time, we would expect that to flow generally speaking. But how you get there is a very choppy type of process. That's why this is taking 2, 3 years. It's also certainly because of the contracting nature where a lot of this is rolling over into more permanent contracts in addition to shorter-term actions.  So there's nothing about industry dynamics. There's nothing about our competitiveness that indicates that we should be losing margin here. We have to be versatile and move our supply chain if we're uncompetitive in a particular area. But if we're competitive on a cost perspective, there's no reason we can go back to historical margins.
Jason Hollar: Yes. So let me start. Whenever I step into any project let alone a role, it is always about defining we're the best opportunity to create value. Where is the opportunities, what are the challenges? And what is clear to me is that until we can get better evidence of the progress on our medical business, we're going to be challenged. And so that is why I'm so focused on this medical improvement plan, why we provided such clarity on it is that it is absolutely one of, if not my greatest focus especially in the near term.  And when you think about kind of any type of process to fix anything, it has to be, first and foremost, defining what the challenge is. And I do want to step back for a moment. When you think about the challenges in the medical, I know there's been a lot of adjustments. I know there's been a lot of noise. But when you think about the vast majority of the issues, they do stem from one very common theme, it is related to the supply chain.  Now I can start and highlight all the external influences with that and blame things that have happened to us, and then it's very, very true. But when you think about where we were pre-COVID, this type of business, this type of industry was extremely stable. Our volume is predictable, especially in areas like PPE to think about going up 5x, 10x in terms of demand overnight and then not having a supply chain that could adjust with that, it really impacted our ability to execute in that environment in our diverse, low-cost global footprint what went from a strength to a challenge pretty much overnight. So now we've learned from that. That's what this plan is talking about. It's building in resiliency and capacity into our system so we can be a lot more flexible. We can derisk the model while also growing profitable categories.  So this is very much a cornerstone of what needs to be the focus, but it's not not just cost. It's simplification to reduce cost. It's also about driving the right time, driving organic binding high-margin volume in simplifying everything about how we operate so that we can be more nimble and we can derisk. And then, again, within both segments, there is an absolute need to continue to grow our growth businesses. What you heard me say today was more of an emphasis on specialty and on at home. Of course, we love all of our growth businesses. But what I'm really indicating here is for us to achieve the $650 million what we need are those 2 businesses to continue to grow the top line and to have a good flow-through on that incremental volume that comes with it. And with that, then we have high confidence that we'll be able to get the pieces of growth for both segments necessary to hit their longer-term objectives.  So that is very much a growth-based story, but it's about, again, prioritization and being really, really focused on the core of both businesses so that these 2 growth businesses can build from there. In terms of the portfolio, it's something that I believe in continually evaluating our portfolio for all of our businesses. And the company has demonstrated this in the past. You know about China and not of health and more recently, ports. We've monetized several billion dollars over the last several years through those activities and was responsible with the capital deployment thereafter. I'm not going to attempt to define what the appropriate long-term course of action is for this business for the medical business. But under all scenarios, what's really, really clear to me that the near-term actions need to be very focused on this improvement plan and then that will set us up for the best actions thereafter.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Thanks, Mike. I want to also thank everybody for taking the time to be on the call today and for all your questions. In addition to the leadership succession, I acknowledge that we drew a lot out of you today, including new disclosures, various puts and takes and examples of incremental actions that we are taking. We did all this in an effort to provide additional visibility as we are confident and excited about these opportunities to drive growth. But there are 3 key takeaways I want to make sure that you have,  First, we are committed to improving our results as demonstrated by the introduction of our medical improvement plan. Second, we continue to be encouraged by the resiliency of our Pharma segment, which continues to meet both our short and long-term objectives. And third, that we continue to take actions that are in our shareholders' best interest.  With that, thank you, and have a great day.
