Mike Kaufmann: Thank you, Kevin. And good morning, everyone. Our first-quarter results were in line with our expectations. As we continue to manage through the global pandemic, we're staying focused on the near-term priorities and long-term strategies to drive growth and momentum across our businesses. In Pharma we continue to see sequential volume improvement, and are encouraged by the profit growth that we saw in the first quarter. We believe our Pharma business, inclusive of our strategic growth areas of specialty, nuclear and outcomes is well-positioned for growth in FY’22 and beyond. Our Medical segment continues to be impacted by the disruptions in the global supply chain that we called out last quarter. Recently, these pressures have rapidly escalated, and we are experiencing significantly elevated product costs due to international freight and commodities. While we believe the majority of these elevated supply chain costs are temporary, we do not expect them to return to normalized levels this fiscal year. As a result, we are lowering our FY’22 outlook for Medical segment profit to adjust for these increased headwinds. We are taking actions to mitigate these impacts across the enterprise. And we're reaffirming our FY’22 EPS guidance of $5.60 to $5.90 per share.  We have been on a journey to simplify our portfolio and strengthen our core businesses, so we are positioned for broad-based sustainable growth as noted in the long-term targets we are announcing today. We are prioritizing investment in our strategic growth areas, and in innovative solutions to meet our customers needs today and tomorrow. And with our improved balance sheet, commitment to our dividend, and now an additional $3 billion share repurchase authorization, we are positioned to return capital to shareholders. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our strategy.  Now, I'll turn it over to Jason to discuss our results.
Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Lisa. Thanks for the question. Tough questions to answer, because these aren't things we have historically given. Obviously I can say this. We believe there is plenty of room to grow. Some of our accounts were significantly penetrated in and others obviously were less penetrated in. So we do have good target by account that we're going after. So we think there's plenty of opportunity in there. It's one of the key reasons we believe in our longer-term guidance for Medical is the fact that we can do that. As far as margin rates go, generally, they are much more higher as a percentage and dollars and national brand. There are times and certain preferred brand programs, which is why we have them that we do prefer national brand.  But in general, as a rule of thumb, our margin rates are much more significant on our Cardinal sourced or Cardinal manufactured products.  And then lastly around Cordis, we're always looking at our entire portfolio of businesses to make sure we have the right type of businesses where we are positioned to win. There's nothing that sticks out to me in terms of a certain product category or that, but we are, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are exiting 36 countries. So not only do we look at products, we look at products by country and countries, and where we don't believe we have significant growth opportunity, whether it might be too much risk versus benefit, etc. We have made real conscious decisions to aggressively manage the number of countries and which is why we are exiting 36 countries to help simplify the model.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So let me see if I could help. First of all, we as you know, called out in our fourth quarter of last year that we did expect elevated supply chain costs. So in our guidance for this year for the medical segment, we already assumed a certain amount of elevated supply chain costs, some of which we have plans already to offset through cost reductions, pricing actions, and those types of things, and that was originally built-in. What we saw during the quarter, particularly as the quarter went on, was a significant increase in those supply chain costs, most notably in international freight, high containers that we talked about, as well as commodities. And those we feel will create an incremental $100 to a $125 million of costs for us. Roughly, I would say that $100 to a $125 is split relatively evenly between the impact of commodities and the impact of freight costs. So they were both very, very significant and we saw other minor ones in other areas, but those were the really 2 big ones, both of which we believe are temporary because 1. as Jason said earlier, they are at all-time highs for the most part, significantly higher than where they were and we believe that over time, the market will adjust and those will be able to come back down. So what are we doing about that? That is a net number, the $100 to $125 obviously since we called that out as the adjustments of Medical guidance, is that we are getting after it through pricing actions, passing some of it through. It's hard to really talk about exactly which once you can pass through or not. The market is very complicated. There are contracts that we have to work through. We have to work with our partners, both the hospitals and the GPOs. We have to understand the supply and demand dynamics of each item in the environment. And so we are working through and understanding all of those factors but there is some additional pricing action built into that number. And then obviously since we maintain guidance for the entire Company, we are taking aggressive cost actions across the Company. We are leveraging our improved balance sheet. And we're also focusing on our growth businesses, and pushing our teams to do more faster there. So those are some -- I hope some helpful comments.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. I really appreciate the question. It's a really good one. So let me step back and hit a couple of different pieces, and I'll finish with your question on medical, but I'll take a shot here to emphasize a few others. So there's really, I would say, 3 obviously components to our long-term target, which our long-term target we're talking about is having a double-digit combined EPS growth and dividend yield on averages as Jason mentioned. In Pharma, the -- to your point, we don't really see those fluctuations in commodities and costs affecting their business generally, because if it does, it generally happens in the form of the drugs having increases, which in that model, are able to be passed on and work through the model. And so our goal of low single-digit to mid-single-digit growth in Pharma is really focused on strengthening that [Indiscernible] balance, getting that right mix of generics, making sure we're managing the balancing through of our margin initiatives and all that as well as then driving our growth businesses, specialty nuclear in out comes, and we gave some color on those. Hopefully, you found helpful and exciting for instance nuclear doubling in the next five-years especially, continuing and outcomes continuing with double-digit growth. We believe the combination of getting that PD business stabilize, which we're seeing and then seeing the growth there is really what's going to drive that. And then of course we mentioned in the use of capital being able to having our debt lower commitment to our dividend, and then the share repurchases. On medical as you mentioned, it's a couple of different things that simplify our operating model, focusing on driving mix and filling our growth businesses. I won't go into those details because we did in the comments. But to your question rollout kind of changes can we make that help. It's really one of the things we are working on with customers right now is how do we change our contracts with our customers to give us more flexibility when there is sudden significant changes in the supply chain, that there is some ability to raise price. Our discussions with our customer -- our customers are being very transparent. We want to be able to make sure that if we're able to do that, we're very willing to tie those things -- indexes and things so they understand that as they come back down. We're not -- we're going to pass lower-cost back on to them, because we don't want to look at this as a necessarily a chance to improve our margins. We'd like to do that through driving mix and launching more products, not on the backs of our customers during a supply chain. So we are working with them to create contracting methods that will allow us to be able to pass those on, as well as help them understand what are the metrics we will do to be able to know for them when they're changed the other direction too.
Mike Kaufmann: Yeah. The -- there was a little bit of a reduction in that base -- in that level of elective procedures in the first quarter. We started the quarter at close to pre -COVID levels. And as we indicated, we exited in the back at about 95%. And we think that's primarily attributed to the Delta variant. So we see that trending in the right direction. And with the pace of the virus since then, we feel that will continue to improve. And importantly, what we saw in the quarter is we saw an improvement in our Lab business that effectively offset that modest deterioration in the amount of elective procedures. So what we're seeing right now is that those two items tend to generally offset both good and bad depending upon the pace of the virus. So it's nothing significant that we saw in the quarter and as a result, we don't anticipate there being wild fluctuations going forward. Next question.
Mike Kaufmann: I think if you -- as you break down the long-term targets, when we were really talking about Pharma being low single-digit to mid-single-digit growth, we're really talking about the operating earnings of that segment being in the low-single to mid-single Medical being in mid-single to high single digit. And then the rest of it would come from our dividend yield, as well as capital deployment around REPO to get to the double-digit combined EPS growth and dividend yield. So the guidance on medical and foremost really about operating earnings and I would also say that M&A is not a top priority and that that may occur, and we may have some of that here and there. That is one option with capital deployment. But this is really more focused on what we talked about, operating earnings growth as well as dividend yield and opportunistic repo. Next question.
Mike Kaufmann: I want to thank everybody for taking the time to be on the call today and for all of your questions. I'd like to conclude with just a few thoughts. I know the elevated product costs within the Medical Segment carried a lot of attention here today. But I want to just reiterate that, 1. We do believe the majority of these costs are temporary. 2. That we're taking aggressive enterprise-wide actions to help mitigate. And 3. We did reaffirm our non-GAAP EPS guidance. Additionally, in Pharma, we are encouraged by the profit growth we saw in the quarter, and the ongoing resiliency in this business. With an additional $3 billion share repurchase authorization and our commitment to our dividend, we are positioned to return capital to shareholders while prioritizing investment in our growth businesses, simplifying our operating model, and strengthening our core businesses. And together this gives us confidence in achieving the new long-term growth targets that we provided. With that, thank you again. We hope you all have a good day.
Jason Hollar: Hi. Good morning, this is Jason, I'll try to capture all those points. Your question is certainly fair as it relates to trying to define the baseline for those longer-term targets. As we indicated in the remarks today, we do anticipate this additional $100 million to a $125 million related to the inflationary environment as temporary. It's difficult certainly to define exactly if that's short-term, medium-term, or longer-term. And at the current moment, we would expect those to revert back to some normalized level in a time frame that is relatively short to medium term. And so when we talk about these longer-term targets, we are not presuming that type of tailwind, right. So it isn't a more normalized state when we provide those targets. You referenced 5-year, so I'd say 3 to 5 years is a reasonable type of time frame for average types of performance levels, to get a broad perspective on the ins and the outs, but we would not expect big shocks associated with items like that, divestitures and acquisitions, things that nature would also be normalized out of that so that we're getting at that core type of performance. And then as it relates to more specifics around elevated supply chain cost, we highlighted within our remarks that its really just two key areas; the international freight and the commodities. In both cases, the reason we believe that they are temporary is that they are at multiple levels higher than what we've historically seen on international freight, which is essentially the cost of getting a shipping container shipped from overseas locations such as Asia to the U.S. We're seeing that cost up 8 to 10 times versus pre -COVID levels. Certainly we would expect that to be significantly lower at some point in the future. And on the commodities, we're talking about a lot of different types of polymers, such as polypropylene. Those levels are more like 2x what we've seen historically. So again, we would expect those to get back to a more normalized state at some point in the future. But again, those are not tailwinds to get us to these targets, those targets are more normalized.  In terms of the second half, a different cadence of our results for the various businesses, we did indicate that with Pharma, we would expect the second half to continue to improve steadily versus where we're at today. Just as it relates to getting back to more normalized stay for underlying generics volume. So that continues to be as expected and also as expected, our investments in our technology investments, we indicated would be front-end loaded, especially with the first three quarters, primarily as it relates to that fourth-quarter. We started to implement those cost increases in the final implementation last Q4. So we start to get the full-year effect of that as we exit the third quarter here. On the Medical side, we did indicate a sequential decline from Q1 to Q2, and that's just related to the timing of realizing that supply chain cost I was just walking through, and all of the mitigating actions that go along with that. And then, also recall that we cited the COVID favorability in Q2 of last year that is not expected to repeat, and in fact, we expect that to be a headwind to this Q2 primarily as a result of the PPE price and cost timing. So we have that Q1 to Q2 cadence. And then of course in the fourth quarter of this fiscal year, we'd expect a significant COVID tailwind associated with the comparison benefit from the PPE in the prior year. And then in all of our businesses, we expect ongoing stronger contributions from our growth businesses as we see the effects of various initiatives and investments that have been put in place over the course of last year.  Next question.
Jason Hollar: And the only thing I'd add is that this increase is not -- it's related to 2 parts. It's a greater increase in both of these areas of international freight and commodities, but it's also longer expected duration. We had anticipated that they would come back to more normalized levels a bit earlier. So we saw a higher spike and a longer duration. And in terms of just how you model it through on revenue, I'd like to draw -- just draw a little bit of distinction. With PPE, we saw many, many times higher total impact on that product cost, and so we saw a much more significant number of dollars in both cost and revenue that came through. While this is still significant, it's much less meaningful from a revenue perspective, and is not moving that needle nearly as much. Next question.
Jason Hollar: Yeah. I think your math is accurate for the items that we typically provide guidance. One area that's not explicitly called out but is implied is just the underlying other corporate expenses. And as we referenced a few times already in Mike's specific comments, there's broad-based cost reductions, the $750 million program which we increased by $250 million last quarter, is enterprise-wide and that includes the corporate function. So we have identified additional corporate cost reduction actions that are not included in either of the segments, but do fall through to the bottom line, the total segment profit as well as our earnings per share.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Good morning, Adams, Jason. Yes. That would incorporate that as we think about the capital deployment side of that. We have for quite some time now included in an expectation of what those payments would be. That's all based upon our current set of assumptions, of course that I would change materially, and that would change your answer, but based upon what we know now, that would be the baseline, for example, the $3 billion share repurchase authorization that we have just completed is inclusive of that as well, as a part of the capital outlay that we would expect over that period of time, and this would be the available capital beyond that. Next question.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Good morning, Ricky. This is Jason. I'll start. As we talked about our long-term target, it's not expected or intended to be each and every year. There's a reason that we do a highlight that is an average over that period of time. So we're not providing fiscal '23 guidance with the statement. With that said, we think that there are over these longer periods of time that these would be the primary drivers and expectations we would have for our businesses. And how you described at about the normalized level as an example that 100 to 125 five were -- we indicated that we anticipate these costs remain elevated for the balance of fiscal '22, we're not taking a position at this point as to how much, if any, carries over into fiscal '23, that is a terrific example of an important element of fiscal '23 guidance that we will provide in the future that is not at this point something that we feel comfortable being able to identify. And then your question about labor is a great one. We did not call it out because it is very consistent with what we had last quarter. So while labor, inflation, and those pressures are very real for us, like the whole industry, we are not seeing anything new and unique this quarter versus last quarter, and so we're not adding in any additional costs for that. But I would also highlight that even what was included in the original guidance was not nearly as substantial as the cost that we're referencing for and what was included before for commodities and international freight. Those are clearly the most significant items that drive that fluctuation, and items like labor as well as more domestic related costs such as domestic transportation and other fuel are all relatively low compared to those other 2 primary items, the international freight and commodities.
