Jeffrey Henderson: As you know, Tom, we definitely don't give quarterly guidance. We focus more on the annual EPS and drivers, but let me provide a little more color in addition to the comments I made about the Q1 for the Medical segment. We're thinking about a revenue standpoint, revenue growth will be a little bit more back-end loaded. As a reminder, as I said earlier, we're still lapping the termination of two large customers that occurred in Q1 and Q2 of FY '10, so that will tend to slightly depress our revenue growth below market rates in the first half of the year. And also in the second half of the year, we're expecting at least one additional customer to join us, and we'll also begin to see some of the revenue impact of our Healthcare Solutions acquisition as well. So our thinking about a revenue standpoint, again, those factors will tend to make the back end a little bit more revenue-intensive than the first half. From an earnings perspective, I really don't want to comment more than what I've already said about the somewhat unusual compare in Q1 for the Medical segment.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, I'll repeat some of the comments that I gave in my prepared remarks. But generally, I think the impact of generic launches FY '11 versus FY '10 will be about neutral, plus or minus a reasonable range. I won't comment specifically on quarterly trends. But I would expect our general expectations are in line with what some of our peers are observing. I will say, however, that the momentum we gained in some of our generics programs in FY '10, both sales and sourcing, will -- despite the very strong performance you saw from those in FY '10, we expect continued benefit from those heading into FY '11.
Jeffrey Henderson: Sure. Well, let me start by giving a little bit more detail about what we mean by low. And in our view, FY '11 revenue will likely be less than 4%, just be a little bit more granular on that guidance and especially in that revenue number are probably four or five key inputs. First one, George already referenced. It reflects a relatively cautious view of the overall market growth, given what we're seeing right now in the economy. Secondly, as I indicated previously, it does assume the resumption of our key contracts continuing into FY '11, with the exceptions being, again, those two large contracts that were terminated towards the beginning of FY '10. It also reflects any known customer adds that we're aware of at this point and then finally, it includes the add-in of our Healthcare Solutions acquisition and the revenues that it will bring as the year progresses. So those are the key inputs that go into that revenue guidance.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, Bob. Any of the items that we exclude from our non-GAAP financials are not pushed down to the segments. So the segment numbers and growth rates that you see reported are consistent with the non-GAAP numbers that we report on a consolidated basis. So that's a long way of saying that the litigation income this quarter and any litigation effects that we ever see or have at the corporate level don't the impact the segment growth rates.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, as I said, our Q4 was a little bit better from the generic launch standpoint that we had anticipated. So the $50 million down year-on-year number that we quoted three months ago is probably closer to a $40 million to $45 million negative comparison versus FY '09.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, let me tackle the Q1 issue for Medical a little bit more without giving a specific growth rate. I'll put a little bit more color around the three drivers. First of all, the accelerated CareFusion income related to the spin, that was worth about $14 million. The stronger the normal flu season in Q1 of FY '10 was in the $6-million range. And then I would say the commodity impact, although it's slightly above $40 million for the full year, that impact will be a little bit more front-end loaded, because some of the price increases began creeping into our cost of goods sold in the second half of the year. They're quite variable in the first half of FY '10. So I expect that comparison to be a little bit tougher in Q1 and Q2 for Medical.
Jeffrey Henderson: The medical transformation, at least, the biggest bolus of it, we expect to be completed in FY '12, and some incremental significant benefits related to that will begin to accrue in FY '12 and beyond. That now said, we're striving for margin expansion in Medical every year. And we're not waiting for the medical transformation to necessarily be complete. That will definitely facilitate an acceleration of some of the initiatives that we already have under way. But as I said, we expanded the margins this year, and that will be an ongoing goal of ours through increased growth in our Ambulatory business, which we continue to invest in through continuing to sell more preferred products, through offering additional services, value-added services, to our customers. So the medical transformation will help accelerate some of those things and make them easier, but many of those things are already underway and accelerating as we speak.
Jeffrey Henderson: By far, the biggest bolus of spends has been FY '11. The spending will begin to ramp down in FY '12, and we'll have completed implementation of a good chunk of our distribution network by that point.
Jeffrey Henderson: The sort of fixed cost that sort of got reallocated back to Cardinal Health after the spin, which we have referred to in the past, is negative synergies. We more than offset those in FY '10 to our infrastructure cost-reduction efforts, so they really didn't appear anywhere in FY '10. You probably know it but I didn't call them out as a driver at any point in the year because we were able to more than offset them to reducing infrastructure in the remaining Cardinal business. In FY '11, I'd say, likewise. You'll see a relatively minimal impact, if any, from that. To begin, we've been able to hold and reduced costs related to our infrastructure. I would say, the final potential period there is FY '12 because that is when the final IP transition services agreement is expected to expire. Actually, it expires in the summer, at the start of FY '12. So there is a slight potential there for some fixed cost overhang in the Cardinal Health business, but again our goal is to work to offset most or all of that. So my objective is that I will never call that out as a negative driver year-on-year, because we're striving to offset it. So I would say -- long answer to your question but I would say the progress has been great in terms of making sure those will materialized.  By the way, before you go out, I want to complete my answer to Larry, other couple of calls ago, related to the medical transformation, just so there's no lack of clarity. When I refer to the bolus of spend in fiscal '11, I was referring to capital expenditures, and this will be the highest year of our capital expenditures related to the medical transformation. But from an expense standpoint, actually, FY '11 versus FY '10 is completely neutral, just to be clear.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, we're still having an outside firm complete that analysis. But when we announced the deal, I allude to the fact that it could be as much as $30 million to $35 million of annual amortization, and that's the assumption we're continuing to work with until the outside accounting firm complete its evaluation. But I think that's a resonably safe number.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, it is. For tax purposes, because of the way we structured the deal, the entire step-up in the basing for that company is it's a tax-deductible over an extended period. So yes, it is tax deductible.
Jeffrey Henderson: Ricky, it's probably going to be very difficult to disaggregate the contribution of components of our system. I mean, I think, on a general standpoint, I'd give you some observations. The system is generally growing. As you know, generic penetration continues to increase. We also note that as we model the rate of deflation of the older generic products, we're not noticing or seeing any particular trend one way or the other, so that looks like it's fairly typical. And we hope to continue to grow our position with everyone of our customers as well as picking up new customers. So picking apart the component of that is probably not something I'm comfortable doing. It's hard to -- and the value that you get for making sure you do a very effective launch for your customers contributes to your overall positioning, Ricky. So you have to think of it more as an integrated program, and that's one of the reasons why we don't spend a lot of time highlighting individual products. So I think it's all contributing, but I don't think I could give you the components of that and weigh each one.
Jeffrey Henderson: Let me just say this very generally, okay, because again I can't answer the question exactly as you're asking, but let me give you some help. There is always some deflation in the generic business. So part of the keeping in of the generics in general is the flow of new products. And, obviously, for us, there's another component, which is we want to add more customers and we want to add as high a share of a lot of this as we can, and we want all of our customers to source all their generics from us. But those are the moving parts. So there's always some, called, base rate of deflation in the pricing. It's the nature of that business, as you know, quite competitive, but the flow of your products is a very important part of that strength.
Jeffrey Henderson: Sure, that number that you quoted is our interest expenses in other. I think that the primary variation year-over-year actually relates to the other, not the interest expense itself. Our debt levels will be about the same in FY '11 as they were in '10. And although we'll be carrying a higher cash balance, as you know, the earnings we're getting on that cash right now is relatively small. So it's not a significant driver, but what is changing year-on-year is the other piece. And that really is the result of some positive other that we got in FY '10, including some foreign exchange gains, as well as some deferred cost gains. So those tended to drive other positive in FY '10, and we're not assuming that same level of benefit in FY '11.
Jeffrey Henderson: Exactly. And as I said, the interest income assumption is relatively modest, given the money market rates we're seeing currently.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, I would say any time that we make greater proportion of our branded pharma agreements more DSA-based, that tends to take a little bit more of incremental seasonality out of our business. That all said, keep in mind that about 20% of our branded pharma income is still is contingent based. And I would say that even agreements that are largely DSA based sometimes still have a certain contingent element to them, so you could still see some seasonality from those contracts due to certain price increases that happen over the course of the year. So in summary, I still expect to see the general pattern of quarterly seasonality that we've seen in the past. But I think each year that goes by, probably gets muted a little bit more.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, I would say that the transition we had planned for FY '10 -- although I expect there'll still be some ongoing transition that'll happen in FY '11 and beyond, I would say it's largely complete now. So we sort of re-established a new base, and I expect that we'll grow modestly from that base in FY '11 and beyond.
George Barrett: Yes, I'm not sure that I would necessarily validate that monthly description, Tom. I think largely what we saw in Q3 sort of carried into Q4, just a general sluggishness. The month-to-month variation for us, I'm not sure that the data is all that sensitive to draw a conclusion from that, Tom. But I certainly didn't see an improvement in Q4 versus Q3.
George Barrett: Lisa, it's George. Let me jump in for a second on this, and this is actually not necessarily the case. I think it varies product by product, and so particularly when there are exclusive launches, you have to look at the market characteristics of those launches. So for example, there's just been an approval recently well known out there of LOVENOX. This is a drug with really unusual characteristics. It is a compound with heavy institutional presence, but also a meaningful retail presence. A single-source launch, particularly because it has such a large institutional presence. The competitive behavior between the branded and the generic is quite different. And again, in this case, because there is one generic approval, you're very dependent on the design of any company's plans for how to launch that product, their own launch strategy. So I guess what I'd suggest to you is the economics of single-source launch can actually be quite variable depending on the characteristics of that drug, its channel, the nature of the launch, how much supply is in the system and the innovative response. So I know that's a long answer. But I would just say exercise some caution on assumptions on single-source launches. They can vary quite dramatically. I think when you get into a two- or three-player launch, actually, the characteristics can change and tend to be more favorable. But again, my advice would be exercise caution, and the general sense of Jeff's observations are right on a year-over-year basis. I would say relatively comparable and, Lisa, of course, the part that we don't know exactly is what will happen on some of the at-risk launches. So our approach is to model with a risk adjustment and then about those, well, we've modeled too cautiously, but I think it's the right way to approach this.
George Barrett: Yes, let me take this. I think our expectation is that we will target that same kind of percentage growth. Obviously, as you get higher up, it's a little hard to make that happen, but we feel like we've got momentum. And so the percentage growth that we targeted for this past year, which was 10%, is a pretty reasonable assumption that we'll try to target a similar growth rate. But we're making really good progress there.
George Barrett: Well, we're very early stage. We really just begun this activity probably in the last three months or so. What we are seeing, of course, and it's a general trend is that there's sort of a confluence of where care is delivered and how it's delivered. I've said this to some of you before, but it used to be quite a bright line between what's institutional or hospital business and what was retail business. It seems to be disappearing, and the world seems to be converging in many ways. And so we're trying to make sure that when we are in ambulatory settings or at the surgery center or a physician's office, to the extent that their needs, that exist both for Medical and Surgical lab products and drug products, that we're able to deliver that. And so that is an early-stage project, but our teams are working really well together, and we're excited about it.
George Barrett: So it's a two-part question, and so let me try to address the first very generally. I think the data systemically, let's forget about Cardinal-specific data, I think the data systemically is relatively clear. You can look at data at admissions and discharges, and it sort of suggests that there has been a bit of flatness in the market. From the standpoint of manufacturer behavior, I wouldn't describe any particular change in behavior, actually. I think our value proposition to work with our manufacturers is really clear. We feel better and better about it. I hope they do as well. So I would not describe a systemic change there.
George Barrett: So let me give you sort of a general description of the puts and takes. I can't quantify each of them, but just sort of give you a quick sense. So I would say on the challenged side, we've got the impact of year-over-year repricings, as Jeff mentioned, until we re-lap some of these H2, second half fiscal '11. Commodity prices, clearly, one that Jeff commented on and actually gave some sense of economics on. We had the CareFusion revenue recognition, and I would say the flu, although not a dramatic impact on us, clearly was unusual last year. And the positive sense for us, generic programs, I would say across the board on the selling and the sourcing side, really feeling encouraged there. Growth in Nuclear, we are hopeful and at this point, confident that we'll get some material back into normal status and be able to work at a more traditional way with our customers. We're really looking forward to that moment. Growth and performance really across all of our businesses, frankly, a good progress. And the Healthcare Solutions acquisition, I would say, is neutral to slightly positive. On a sort of generally neutral side, I would put year-over-year generic launches. Again, that can vary depending on what happens, particularly on at-risk launches or settlements. And then I would say from the spending standpoint, Med Trans [Medical Transformation] is probably a year-over-year neutral. It's probably no change. So those would be the big moving parts. As I mentioned in my comments, we feel very, very good about the things that we control. So we got very targeted initiatives to drive the performance of this company, and I think the parts that we just are going to have to watch carefully are the things that are a little bit out of our control, particularly related to economic environment and demand.
George Barrett: Yes, this is George. I do think that we're making some progress in market share, but I would also say probably as I mentioned earlier in the year, we probably had a couple of disappointing losses. So what I would say is that in probably the last six or eight months, we have a general sense that our priorities are clear, our value proposition to our customers is better understood, and we think we've been making some progress there. But part of it is, again, expanding our footprint as I mentioned earlier, just even on something like Presource, expanding our ability to drive value into surgery centers, which will serve a new market for us. So we're trying to grow in all dimensions expanding markets, expanding with existing customers and where we think we can create value through services and market share as well.
George Barrett: I'll take that. Yes, we did, in fact, renewed Kmart, and we're excited to continue that very solid relationship. The one -- since I think at this point, it is in the public domain, what we will add into our business is doing re-business. As you know, that was an acquisition completed by Walgreens. And so that effective -- by January 1, we'll begin to pick up that business through our relationship with Walgreens.
George Barrett: Let me start, and then I'm actually going to turn it to Jeff a little bit, but it's -- sometimes it's hard to describe this project. It is so deeply embedded in that Medical segment at that point. It's really about taking what I think are just enormously valuable asset that we have, making sure that we can deploy them in the most efficient and simple way, and there are times that the sheer magnitude of what we have to offer actually gets in our own way. And partly what we've tried to do is to make sure that we are sort of rebuilding our processes and the IP platform to simplify our business internally, but more importantly, to make the experience of the customers extremely easy. And this is really what it's about. And I think we'll be able to not only bring efficiencies to the way we operate, but I think we'll be able to deploy our tools more effectively to bring efficiencies to the customer by these initiatives. So we're excited about it, but as I said, it's a pretty heavy investment, which we've observe this year and will continue next year. But let me turn it to Jeff to give you a little sense of how we see the timing and the value drive.
George Barrett: It's probably not that evenly spread. It can be a bit lumpy, John. So here's what I'd say, now that we have a number behind us, I would say fiscal '11 would be a year of relatively minimal new renewals that you're unaware of. I think we've really worked our way through most of that. And I would say at this point, '12 is not a year of tremendous renewal activity. There's always some. It's more lumpy on the Pharmaceutical side than the Medical side, which is almost a constant sort of process. So many different hospitals that some say it's almost a constant renewal process of those. But I would say among the big pharmacy customers, that tends to be a little bit more uneven. But I would say the next couple of years, we feel pretty solid about.
George Barrett: It's really hard to say that. They tend to be episodic. Every renewal has its own story. And so I wouldn't point to any change, particular change in competitive behavior right now. This is -- it's certainly a plenty competitive of market, but I would not highlight any particular unusual behavior or pattern right now. It's certainly each renewal is sort of its own story. It's like its own little mini-market, and that's the way it tends to work.
George Barrett: Yes, we remain very on track with all of our quantifiable and non-quantifiable goals and milestones for that. If everything, I would say that the integration of that team into the Cardinal family has gone extremely well, and we continue to make great progress in that business and combining that business with the existing Pharma businesses.
George Barrett: Well, there are largely three sources of income. Again, this is not rank order nor weighted, particularly. But the P4 business, as we call it, help the solutions sort of reside in the space that connects the providers and the payers and the pharmaceutical companies, and those are essentially the sources of income. So we provide services, tools, software to our, particularly, oncology practices today. That's a source of income. We provide marketing tools and services for pharmaceutical companies and biotech companies, and we do some work in providing data to payers to help them manage their portfolio and their spend. So these are all the components of it. Think of this again as a service offering. It's a business that works to provide services to each of those components and does some work in, what I would say, aligning the interest of those three players in the system to create more value. It's really about the having the data firm and the network of physicians who really work closely with us, and that's sort of at the heart of it.
George Barrett: We certainly intend to integrate that with our activity, and we feel very confident that our increasing presence in the community of providers, given a basket of services, will make our distribution offering more attractive and more logical, but the business model, in and of itself, is attractive to us. But we certainly -- the part of it, and Jeff talked about the integration, is we certainly think of this not sort of a stand-alone activity, but as something that would very much link to our overall pharmaceutical strategy. So I think of this as linked, but we build very modest expectations into our economics as it relates to distribution today.
George Barrett: Yes, our inventory level at our fiscal year end is always very low. It's surely the lowest it will be during the year. I would say there were no specific vendors that drove this. It was just the hard work within our distribution centers to optimize the efficiency of those centers. And while there's still time, at the same time, ensuring we have a great service to our customers. I will say it was a little bit lower than we expected, and like I said, it probably was a bit of a pull ahead from some gains we had otherwise expected to get in FY '11. But I think generally, it was a good level, and we're proud of the progress we made this year with respect to inventory.
George Barrett: Yes, I know it's really positive. Anything that we do -- we have very close relationships with our manufacturer partners. What this does is it broadens our offering to them, if you think about a relationship upstream. It brings in more biotech players with whom we already have good relationships but now gives us another avenue of value creation for them. So business part of the excitement for us, it's not just about this business model in and of itself, but it's the ability to enhance our value proposition through the entire pharmaceutical channel and with our partners. So I'm really excited about that. We've gotten very good feedback from providers, really good commentary from our manufacturers, a number of whom I've met with on this. So we're really encouraged about it.
George Barrett: Thank you so much. Thanks everybody. I know this was an unusually long call, but the end of a very important year for us. So my apologies if we went so long, but I appreciate all the great questions. And as you know, we're here, to the extent that people have follow-ups. So thank you again. We're really pleased about where we are coming out of this first year after the spin-off, and we look forward to 2011. And thanks for your time everyone.
