George Barret: Good morning, Charles. It is George, I will start and certainly Jeff you can chime in here. I am not going to be able to provide a lot of that detail Charles. I will give you a sort of general sense of what we see. As Jeff mentioned economically we're about where we expected to be its actually coming out a little bit differently in terms of how we get there and largely what we're and its good news for us is an increase in stores that would like to be franchises. So we're seeing some increase there, that's good news for us. Our existing stores are doing pretty well. Where we have seen some underperformance such say would be the number of stores converting underperformance there meaning we would like to see more stores convert. This is a very, it is a very personal decision for the franchisees and I probably add that, that each of these franchise is in a different situation and so we really worked at engaging them in a dialogue in terms of explaining what the opportunities are, so at this point there are some that have chosen not to convert or taken more time to consider that option. Generally I would say the program is going well, we have added some franchises, but the number of converting is a little bit lower than we modeled. Beyond that there's probably not a lot I can add.
George Barret: Thanks, Charles good morning. You know, we tend to talk about the generics and its pieces sourcing and selling the truth is that you have to think about it in an integrated whole and it is one of the things that we are actually doing much better. So, on a sourcing model change, we've made tremendous progress. You have heard me say that our goal is to move from a somewhat transactional approach to much more strategic approach, we have done that, that transition is going well and actually quite quickly. We're pleased with the way that's working. I want to clarify one thing that's very important because some folks have asked us about this. We have substantially reduced the number of generic suppliers in our source program. That is our preferred program. But I should also add that we continue to do business with all generic suppliers across the generic spectrum. So what we have done is really reduce the number of players in that particular program so number one I have to clarify that. The second part is that having a great sourcing program is not effective unless you are selling in the right way and so we have tried to make sure that we are integrating our selling and sourcing model in a way that we think is valuable and I think we are making a terrific progress here, our compliance is going up, are on the right, the trend line is going in the right direction, our generic program is attractive, its flexible and our selling organization is better trained and better incentivized to drive the sales and articulate the benefits of the program. So I would say I've told this taken in entirety our generic effort is better from sourcing to selling and I think that's a component of our progress here.
George Barret: Good morning, Tom. It is George. As it relates to our goal, I would say we are squarely on track to meet our goal, the trend line is very good and I am encouraged by what I am seeing there. Yeah I think it is a dynamic environment. We have already, in many cases refined the programs that we have with different customers and we believe that there are still customers out there who can benefit from the flexibility and the value that we create toward our generic programs. So we will continue to try to make that offer across our channels. So it is, we talk about independence here, but it is also a long regional chain, mass merchants. Even in the GPO and hospital segment if you know it made some progress. So I think there are opportunities for us to expand that program and I would say generally, I am feeling good about the rate of progress that we have had in our efforts.
George Barret: Let me make a very quick general comment about acquisitions and then may be ask Jeff to talk a little bit about capital deployment. As you know we have really focused in this past year on strengthening our core businesses. And great progress has been made there. So as you look to the future we will continue to drive organic growth to take advantage of the tools that we have but we will continue to evaluate the most effective way to position our business and drive value for our shareholders. So we will certainly cheerfully consider acquisitions have to be part of that equation but it is really about strategic positioning and its about long term value for our share holders and we will evaluate that as we go but may be in a more general sense Jeff will comment a little about capital deployment.
George Barret: Lisa let me jump in for just for a second and try to give you some color on how we see the market place right now most of all we are very pleased with the growth there the heaviest growth for us came really in our ambulatory business which is a business outside of a few care centers in our lab channel and really terrific the growth in Canada we were about in line with the expectations on that sort of traditional hospital supply business. As it relates to market share I am not sure there have been large swings in market share one way or the other. I think I am relatively steady of a say on the med search side probably a little bit of expansion in ambulatory and lab in Canada but generally speaking it feels like good progress out there as you know the market is always competitive as it is in our other businesses. But we feel pretty good about our positioning and continue to mobilize around what we think our core competitive advantages which have to do with the breadth of our channel and the ability to manage categories across the huge product line. So feeling pretty good about that.
George Barret: Yeah, Lisa I wouldn't comment on whether or not an acquisition is necessary. I would say that we are getting very good organic growth, we are doing some things in terms of redeploying sales organizations to enable that, and I think continue to build capabilities that includes not only broader offerings but sort of customer facing things that we are investing in. So we are pleased about the rate of growth organically, of course we will continue to consider as we do with any of our businesses, whether or not some kind of external move repositions us or alters our positioning or our future in a meaningful way. So we will continue to look at those things but right now I would say feeling pretty good about the progress we are making here.
George Barret: Okay. Let me start on the sourcing side. Randall, it is a little bit to describe, it is difficult to describe this at the discrete moment in time. This is essentially a change not only in some suppliers but it is a change in the philosophy of the way that we source products. So it is really some of that creates value over the long-term. I will say it is already creating value for us and it's already I would say strengthening our relationships on the upstream side with our suppliers. So, we are pretty far down the path, in terms of executing and implementing the program. One of the things that we have to do of course is if when there were changes in supplier in the program, we wanted to do that gradually and make sure that there's a smooth transition for our customers downstream. So it is ruling out throughout the course of the year, but I would say that it's already generating benefit you shouldn't expect a single moment where suddenly it goes from black to white or white to black. I think it is a progressive effort but it is really the right course for us and I think we're well on track and probably ahead of track on what we expressed in that. As it relates to renewals, yes we did announce two in effect in the last couple of weeks. Our basic approach modeling our renewals as we see renewals unless we have information to the contrary our operating assumption and built into our model is the assumption that we renew contracts. That's the way we approach unless we have information to the contract.
George Barret: Let me talk through first one and maybe Jeff will jump in. It is a noteworthy data point I am not sure that this single data point represents the trend. So I would be very cautious to advise you that this necessarily marks sort of a turning point for us. I think it is a piece of data, it is interesting, and well into our business, but again this can move from time to time, and so I don't want to make too much of this particular piece of data.
George Barret: And Richard, I think you are into generics and I think it really is a brand and that is what Jeff is responding to.
George Barret: I'm not sure I fully get your question. Let me just sort of give an answer I think answers your question. During the course of any year, we have contracts coming up, some of which are very large and may be in the public domain and ones that people see and ones that are very small. We typically model them in and so those are built in our forecast. The guidance that we provided you today reflects all of our thinking about any on going contracts that we have and contracts that we have signed. So what Jeff may have mentioned earlier during his comments are that we did have some contract renewals that we implemented a slight different timing than we expected in Q1 but otherwise things are playing out from that standpoint as we naturally have one. And things are playing out as we expected and the modeling we have got for the balance of the year reflects our thinking of that renewal.
George Barret: Let me first answer generally and then I will ask Jeff to run through a little bit of the detail but I will start by saying the important part. The underlying fundamentals of business, all of the things that we think are important in terms of driving the progress that we want to see all those things are going well. And so largely what we have been talking about is the shifting of some external factors primarily accounting for any differences but let me switch Jeff on to add anything to that.
George Barret: Sure. Glad to do that Blake. Yeah I know this is the medical segment is one we are excited about it is a very interesting collection of businesses and assets largely as we see the differentiated features we have an unusual footprint across channels very strong in acute care growing in ambulatory, very present in labs and so, as this system evolves and we have this confluence of some of the channels and movement across channels we really like the way we are positioned in that business we also have access to sort of what I would describe as a vertical capability tremendous capability for product management and category management. We are able to source and in some cases produce our own products through global manufacturing and sourcing infrastructure and so this combination of category/product and channel we think is a very powerful tool. For the customer base, is under all kinds of challenges and pressure and we believe that we have got the tools that help improve their cost effectiveness and so we are really excited about where it is and we think we got the leadership throughout that business to drive us we think that the market has needs and that we have got tools that help address those needs and we are very excited about it and encouraged about its progress and we think there is a lot of potential in our medical businesses. So again you will hear more from us, continuously on this and the evolving strategy but again think largely about channel footprint as well as category and products footprint. So that includes of course all of our branded supply systems but also, preferred product, our own source products and our own private label products and that combination we think is formidable and create a lot of value downstream for our customers.
George Barret: Great thanks and thanks for all of the questions. I would like to end the call by just saying that we are encouraged by our performance and our rate of progress and while our first half was certainly boosted by some external factors the underlying business is moving in the right direction. There is a lot of work to do and we intend to get it done. So thanks to all of you for taking the time to listen in.
Jeff Henderson: Yeah let me just move on that Charles by providing a few more details. As George said this is really part of an integrated package that we have to get right from sourcing all the way through to the end customer. But, that all said let me sort of break it down into three major components and just give you directional idea of how we did in Q2 and most of these we have already referenced. First of all on the sourcing side, I think we have made great strides in that partnership and I would say we are slightly ahead of schedule in that regard, and probably Q2 was the first quarter that we started to see some meaningful financial benefit from that revised sourcing philosophy. On the sales side we experienced 10% generics growth during Q2 including 10% growth within, specifically within our retail independent channel and we also saw continued progress in penetration within our retail independent channel which also bodes well for generic sales both in Q2 and the future. On the third element sort of launches, we did experience some launches in Q2 that we hadn't necessarily forecast and that provided us some unexpected benefit and I would also say that some of the deflation we had predicted based on some, last year's launches was not as steep as we might have feared which gave us some benefit and that was the reason why I said the total head win this year from the combination of generic launch compare and deflation had improved from what was previously about $100 million to about $75 million. The last thing I will say about launches is that, it is not just about the launches, occurring it is about how well we can execute on them and we have done a much better job of executing on the launches and getting the products to market very quickly which is obviously a very important thing for both our pharmacy customers but also, our suppliers as well. So again we are seeing some great progress in all elements there.
Jeff Henderson: John, just to answer your question about the relative margin, we will be putting those into our 10-Quarter, it will be filed next week. So let me just give you a preview of what those look like. The bulk segment profit margin percent that we will be reporting will be 22 basis points for Q2 and the non-bulk segment profit margin will be 169. Just to comment a little further on the bulk margin that 22 compares to, as you may recall a abnormally low rate of low single digits in the first quarter of FY '10. As I indicated at time on our last earnings call that bulk rate in Q1 was abnormally distorted on the low end by a couple of certain events including a state excise tax payment that we had to accrue for, and the pattern of certain branded purchases. So, I indicated time that probably decreased the bulk rate by about 15 basis points versus what I would consider a more normalized margins. So you can see the 22 basis points that we are reporting this quarter probably is more in line with that normalized rate that referenced before.
Jeff Henderson: First of all I just realized I had given an incorrect number for the non-bulk segment profit margin. It is actually 202 for the Pharma segment for non-bulk. And again that is 22 for the bulk segment profit margin. Regarding the pull forward, we had, I think it was a combination of both price inflation and some fees they got to full forward into the first half of the year and I quantified that as about $0.04 to $0.05 which really we really view it as a timing shift. In particular, there were certain price increases in the first half of the year, from branded vendors that we had assumed in our own forecast would happen in the second half of the year. There were both in line with the size that we expected them to be but they came a little bit early. So that is one of the key drivers of the $0.04 to $0.05 pull forward that I referenced.
Jeff Henderson: Sure. Good morning, Larry. You referenced a few on the pull ahead of by margin into Q1 the nuclear issue we are facing with respect to the supply situation you know we continue to have a negative compare with respect to generic new item launches and from the MSI transition. So all of the headwinds that we had described earlier are still there and like I said the bi-margin one is a bit of a timing issue. The other one that I would add is the DSA transition that we spoke about at the beginning of the year, hits us in H2, it doesn't hit us in H1 because the second half of the year is typically when we would realize the most from we ran in price inflation and given the conversion to a cheaper service arrangement we take a direct hit in that compare in the second half of the year. The last thing I would say is that the year-on-year commodity price compare within the medical segment that was a very favorable compare in the first half of the year. That compare is much less favorable although still positive. It is much less favorable in the second half of the year and that is simply due to the movements of oil prices and the related commodities over the last six to nine months.
Jeff Henderson: One other thing I would mention Larry is that some of our investment spends has been pushed more into the second half of the year compared to the first half.
Jeff Henderson: Yeah it is. And again it is always a little bit hard to follow up because delay is lagged by about 6 to 9 months but you may recall wasn't too long ago that we are seeing oil prices in $120 a barrel range and that hit us last year and then as we lapped that period this year, we are benefiting from oil prices that were down in the you know $60 range. And I think since that point, we have seen prices get closer to $90 a barrel range. So, that is why we you see that sort of fluctuation but the $19 million is sort of a quarterly year-on-year.
Jeff Henderson: Well it depends whether you're referring to our accounting cost basis or the tax basis, but the accounting cost basis is around $20.85, that was where it was at the time of the spin and then each quarter based on the prevailing market place we sort of mark that up on the balance sheet based on whether its stock was trading and that's where the unrecognized gain has come from. If your question is about tax basis, as you may recall in the last earnings call, I mentioned that we had a lot of analysis to do to come up with a final tax basis. Actually a pretty complex calculation requires the valuation, etcetera to be done. At that point, I said a minimum was in the $19 to $20 range. Based on the analysis we've done to date and we are still wrapping it up this quarter. I would say at a minimum that tax basis looks like it is $22 a share which is obviously favorable because that will reduce any capital gain that we realize.
George Barrett: As we wanted to wrap up this one to uniform question Larry just to remind you that I think the general performance of the business for our second half is probably better than what I would have expected one year ago. We are actually going in the right direction, across all of the components of our business. So we will deal with some of these external issues as they happen, we'll take them as the pictures have turn at us but the general picture for us is I think on the right trend line.
George Barrett: Yeah. To the extent we saw above $22, we will recognize a capital gain but we do have some capital loss carry forwards which exceed $100 million that will be use to apply against at least the first $100 million of gains.
George Barrett: Ricky I will answer your first question. I didn't quite hear your second question. So I might ask you to repeat. But let me start by saying in the first half of the year, our over performance versus what we expected, I would divide into about 75% being sort of external factors and 25% being over performance in terms of performance against our initiatives etcetera. That over performance that we saw in the first half of the year, we expect to carry through to the second half of the year. The external factors over performance as I said earlier we expect that largely to normalize out in the second half of the year. So we don't expect to recognize anywhere near that level in the second half of the year.
George Barrett: Yeah, typically you will see that our, our Pharma segment will have its highest margins in the third quarter of the year. And that has been a historical pattern that is applied for many years in part because Q3 is generally where we realize the most price inflation, and we would expect that pattern to continue this year as you go to Q2 to Q3. The one thing I would say which is a bit of a caveat to that comment is as we continue to move more and more of our branded business to fee for service versus the old buy and hold price inflation model, that's sort of Q2 to Q3 seasonal increase that we typically have experienced, will continue to get more muted and particularly given the very large vendor that we are moving to fee for service that you are all aware of, we will see even more muting of the impact this year. But I will go back to what I initially said that we would expect sequential margin improvement in the Pharma segment Q2 to Q3 this year as well.
George Barrett: Yeah, Blake let me start. As I said earlier I'm not sure that we could necessarily take from those pieces of data a trend. We are always influenced by comps and an unusual bents and the bulk business as you know can move in large pieces. So, for example, the last year we had some business that went from (inaudible) to bulk. So I don't know if I can offer you a trend projection here. Part of this will depend on actually what happens with the customers which we do not control, their own growth rate. So what we can control is how we are going to improve the parts of the business that we influenced and our programs are direct at doing that.
