George S. Barrett: Sure, Steve, I'll take it. This is George. Yes, I think, we've mentioned this before and we're a few months further along and maybe have a little more color. But here's what we'll say at this stage at sort of the macro level. When we're looking at generic launch value, I would probably say with our fiscal years, '13 is probably greater than '14. '15, still early to tell. I would say, right now, it doesn't look all that different than '14, sort of plus or minus. So that would be the quick, very high-level perspective at this stage, Steve.
George S. Barrett: Yes, so as you know, in generics, there's so many moving parts. '13 is probably coming in a little stronger than we modeled and '14, probably not all that different. But, I think, again, there's a few little moving parts that can swing these numbers. So you know that's part of the business that's -- it has some -- takes some forward-looking that is not always perfect, but that's our overall perspective at this stage.
George S. Barrett: Yes, John, it's George. We've got very limited exposure at this point. So the sequestration, certainly, has been a material issue for the oncology and specialty community, but reimbursement pressures have been sort of building over this past year so it's not a particularly new thing. But for us, again, our model is a little bit different. We've been sort of focusing on sort of a different, different approach, and as you know, working very heavily at sort of this collaborative effort between the payers and providers to create value and alignment there. So our direct exposure to that sequestration impact is somewhat limited.
George S. Barrett: As we look to implement our share buybacks, we consider all options and look at what make sense from a timing and execution standpoint. I never want to get too specific about mechanisms or timing. Obviously, you never want to total -- totally signal to the market when you're going to be in the market buying back shares, but I will reiterate what I said, that we do expect to buyback at least $250 million worth of shares in the coming months, and that expectation is reflected in our targeted guidance for next year.
George S. Barrett: Eric, I think what we'll do is Jeff will reply to the first part of the question, and I'll jump in with a little bit on the second.
George S. Barrett: Yes, and, Eric, on the broader question, I think we'd concur with the observation that you heard, which is that there is a growing awareness that part of what we see in medical devices is relatively commoditized. And there's a lot of attention throughout the health care system looking at what they call the physician-preferred items. So again, the providers are under tremendous cost pressure, and so our ability to bring them cost-effective alternative is really important. For us, the starting point has been orthopedics, and particularly in the trauma area. So we're talking about things like cannulated screws and drill bits and guide wires and then supporting services that complement that. That's been part of our initial launch, again, in collaboration with EMERGE, which we launched about a year ago. So that's going very well. We're getting a lot of really positive response from customers. So again, I think we'd concur with that observation. And I think this is going to an ongoing trend if you think about, again, where that bar sits on physician preference items, and, obviously, we're talking very regularly now with our health care system partners on this.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Lisa. We're going to be somewhat limited as to what we can say regarding that relationship. I would say that we have a very deep and broad relationship with CVS Caremark, and we're really excited about continuing that. So the exact dimensions of that, the exact lines of business, we can't fully share, but we're longtime partners, very, very creative in looking to each other to find ways of creating value.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Lisa, that's a really good question. There's a lot in that one, and I'm going to be somewhat careful in my reply. Here's what I would say, again, scale has to be actionable, very important. So again, having lived on the manufacturer's side, I'm really looking for someone who can do the job for me in market, and that's a really important dynamic. So this has different dimensions on the branded side and on the generics. So on the branded side, what I'm looking for is manufacturers to make sure that my partner can represent my products and get them in and into patients the most cost-effective way. On the generics side, it has a little bit of a different dimension to it. But again, as I said and I think this is really important, our scale today is really significant, and so, again, I would say this, I've learned over a lot of years never to be dismissive of a competitor or another industry move. That's not a smart thing to do, but we've studied this pretty carefully, and we feel very comfortable with our scale, our ability to work with a global system and our ability to make markets for our customers. So obviously, we'll be staying close to this and it's early days.
George S. Barrett: Tom, I'll jump in on the second one, which is a little bit harder to answer related to the Affordable Care Act and how that's unfolding. Here's what I would say to you, we're not building into our models additional volume. That doesn't mean that it may not happen or it's not likely to happen. We just, at this stage, do not know how to model that. There's a lot of issues still in front of us on the roll out of the act. Obviously, 2014 is a key year. We're going to have to see how the exchanges are playing out, and how that access issue really plays out. And so for us, I think we just felt it was more cautious just not to model-in any additional volume based on it, but, obviously, we'll be staying very close to it, and as you can imagine, we're quite active in Washington.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Glen, let me -- the second part, the last part of it, there's nothing that we would call out in the near-term horizon. Going back to your beginning observation, here's what I would say, I'm not sure I completely agree that this is not a conversation that's happened before, and again, during my tenure here, big contract renewals get big attention, and we understand that. So I don't think I would say -- now obviously, there's been a big industry move in these last few months, so let's not dismiss that. But independent of that dynamic, I'm not sure I would characterize the market as materially different. It is true that, actually, every contract has discrete characteristics, very unique terms, lines of business. So for us, contracts like CVS Caremark and Walgreens were very large contracts. I think it's understandable that they would get a lot of attention and -- but I would not say that, that alters the day-to-day dynamics that we see in the marketplace, if that's helpful.
George S. Barrett: Sure. Yes, Glen, as you can imagine, when we did our analysis, we thought very carefully about the dynamic around reimbursement, and we adjusted for that in our modeling as we approached this business. That's number one. Number two, our exposure on diabetes, DNE, for example, is very limited. So this business has very carefully positioned itself to limit exposure in areas that were particularly heated, and we feel very good about our positioning there. Again, it's an opportunity to really be in a market-leading position in a segment that we know is going to grow and we're going to have to be very, very efficient doing our work, but I would say, today, our exposure to those dynamics are somewhat limited.
George S. Barrett: So, Ross, a really good question. For me, this not about going in the opposite direction. It's not a departure from a business. It's sort of a turning of the wheel a little bit, an expansion of business. We are very proud to have a market-leading distribution business. It's an important anchor for us in the Health System. It allows us to touch every part of the system and we'll continue to invest in it and make sure it's vibrant and healthy. Having said that, we do think that there's evolution in markets, and it's very important for us to evolve with it and, ideally, ahead of it to see what's in front of us. And so the decision to move into the AssuraMed business really was thoughtful, and it wasn't just about an exciting healthy business. It was about direction of the market that is inescapable that care is going to be shifting. We want to be in a position to deliver our products and perhaps services into those markets. Our business of distribution today is heavily wrapped in a service component. So I'm not -- I wouldn't describe this as a departure or moving in the opposite direction. We've seen ourselves, and I think you've heard me describe this, as a broad-based health services company. I will continue to articulate it in that way, and we're excited about the movement, but we're very keen on driving our core business and making sure that we're doing a good job for our customers.
George S. Barrett: So let me try to go back to the beginning. It's always tricky to be commenting on how people view your stock price, so I'll give it some care, but here's what I'd say. There's no question that it has been a very noisy last 6 months with large customer renewals, and as you know, an extra ordinary amount of chatter about how that was going to play out or not play out and some big industry moves. So we understood that, that affect has affected the way people saw us for a while. We now are through that period, and, as I said towards the end of my comments earlier, our track record at this point is pretty clear and the progress, I think, has been pretty consistent. We are very optimistic about the future and positioned really well to drive value in a system unfolding in a lot of different ways. So as I said, the last 6 months have certainly been -- or 9 months have certainly been noisy around these industry events and certainly around our renewals. But I feel very excited about our positioning in medical business, around China, around our generics offering, about our growing position in specialty and around the opportunity now to bring value to the home. We have a unique value proposition to our customers and our ability to touch so many products, so many lines of business and so many of those channels is really important. So I feel very good about that and I'll leave it with that.
George S. Barrett: Bob, so again, I'll be a little bit careful about what we can do with whom. I will say this, the business we acquired has performed very well. We're excited about it, but we also see this as a platform. We have already been working in areas -- for example, our oncology team is in offices. Those offices needs support and medical supplies. We're able to think about how to link that together. We're in urological offices. We have to then be able to follow that patient to the home with supplies. So we see the opportunity to link into our specialty business. We see the opportunity to support our retailers, many of whom have loyal customer followings that need products in the home and they use us for fulfillment. We see products expansion opportunities here. And so we do see it as more of a base. Now, our early priority right now is making sure the integration is going perfectly and that we're executing, but we see this probably in bigger dimensions than the business that we acquire.
George S. Barrett: Yes, I'm sure we did face many of those same issues, and from a generic launch perspective, this Q3 was less than last year's Q3. But I think the fact that we still grew generics 11% and posted the type of profit performance and margin expansion that we saw in Q3 is a testament to the strength of our overall generics portfolio and the Pharma Distribution business. As we've often said, clearly, we have to try to forecast generic launch impacts, et cetera, et cetera, but the goal here is not to rely on the launch impact. It's to build a large, growing, sustainable generics business that can drive value well beyond initial launch period for a generic. And I think you're seeing an example of that in our Q3, where our sales performance, our penetration, our generic sourcing efforts are all contributing to a very robust portfolio that can sustain growth even with the ups and downs of generic launches.
George S. Barrett: Yes, I would say -- if you're talking specifically about Express Scripts, I would say there was very little, if any, incremental expense impact, operating expense impact, in Q3 versus Q2. We had largely made whatever adjustments we needed to make in the Q2 period so that was not a driving factor in Q3. Regarding Walgreens, clearly, until the contract ends, we will service that business to the best of our ability and would never take any actions to jeopardize that. Obviously, once that runs out at the end of August, we'll begin taking the necessary actions to reduce the variable expenses associated with that and then certain fixed expenses in the company as well. But that will happen beginning after August 31 and you'll see the impact of that, really, in Q2 of next year.
George S. Barrett: Yes, George, it's a good question that requires, really, some segmentation. This is a very large pool of customers and what we've learned, and part of the reason I think we've gotten better at serving them, is to recognize it's not a one-size-fits-all. You have some independent pharmacy and pharmacy groups that really have tied in closely to your services. They see high value in them. We're a very, very close partner and stickiness is quite high. There are other parts of the market that are much, much transactional... [Technical Difficulty] Yes, guys, I think we reconnected, and for those of you who are still on the call, George Hill asked a question about the independents, and given the dynamics of the market, how do we see that playing out and a little bit about the stickiness. And my observation was that this is a market that actually has many subcomponents and part of the reason, I think, that we've done very well in recent years is to understand that, is to target the unique needs of different sub-segments of the independent market. So some of them work as groups of independents, with high service requirements. We're very targeted to addressing those needs, and then there are independents that tend to be -- move much more frequently. I would say we've experienced very good stickiness in our customer base of independents, and I think the better that we do of understanding the unique needs of each of those independents, the greater the stickiness is. I would also add that things like the acquisition of AssuraMed, that allows us to go to them with yet another service offering to say, "Look, we can help you do fulfillment with your patients who need products in the home." That just enhances our value proposition with them. So again, we feel very good about the stickiness here. But again, I would argue that there are subsets inside that large group of independents and, hopefully, that answers it. And hopefully, some of you are still on the call. To the extent that you are, I thank all of you for being here and look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming conferences. Have a great day.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. John, it's Jeff. I'll take that. Yes, as I said, overall, the second half of the year is largely coming out on a consolidated basis, as we expected, back earlier in the year when we put together our guidance and our forecasts, with the 2 exceptions that I called. One was the tax settlement that we realized in Q3 and the second was the addition of AssuraMed, which didn't happen until March when it closed. But beyond that, it is largely playing out as we expected, with some slight shift between probably from Q4 to Q3. And I would say that's largely due to the rate of brand inflation that we saw in Q3, and that impacted our contingent buy margin. It was probably a little bit higher than we expected and perhaps a slight shift from Q4 to Q3. I would say that was primarily the major factor that resulted in a bit of a shift.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, Robbie, thanks for the question. One of the reasons we didn't talk a whole lot about it is because the medical system that we implemented last year is now very much integrated into the overall business, and really, the focus now is we'll continue to optimize our use of it, and using it as a platform to grow other parts of the business. But that all said, from a pure financial standpoint, it was slightly positive in Q3 in terms of the year-on-year impact of the implementation, including the impacts of depreciation netted against the benefit that we realized. Year-to-date, the benefit -- combined benefit is slightly negative, reflecting particularly Q1 when we had some issues related to change management that we're addressing. For the full year of fiscal 2013, we're still targeting for it to be a net positive for the medical segment. And then I would say going into fiscal '14, I won't give specific numbers, but we do expect to continue to drive the benefit from the transformation. But again, it's less about getting the system to work, which is it at this point and that's largely behind us. That is behind us. It's about now using the system to drive, for example, increased penetration of preferred products with our customers to bring down inventory levels to optimize pricing. So we do expect a significant benefit heading into 2014.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Well, first of all, just to reiterate overall from a capital deployment perspective, there's a number of things that we have looked at and will continue to look at. Obviously, we've got a significant increase in the dividend, which, as I said in my prepared remarks, once it's paid in July, will represent a per share payment that's more than 40% above what the April 2012 payment was. I would say that's a significant decision with respect to our capital deployment, and one that we remain very committed to. We'll continue to invest appropriately in the CapEx in the business. So we've got some important priorities we'll continue to support, and that investment will continue. And then beyond that, we continue to look at the balance between acquisitions in select strategic areas and share repo, and I would say both of those will be looked in a balanced and opportunistic way. Regarding the repo, yes, I use the words at least $250 million worth because, again, depending on market conditions and cash availability, et cetera, it's always possible that we could do more, but the reference to at least $250 million is sort of the assumption that's implicit in our guidance for next year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I would say it's probably been the biggest factor in our rate compression for the past couple of quarters. I'll give you a very specific example of that. Our Department of Defense contract, both -- the overall volumes, but I would say the types of volumes that we're getting in terms of orders from the Department of Defense are significantly different than both of what we were expecting and even what we realized last year and that's obviously driven in a significant part from the fact that we've had a troop withdrawal from the wars that were going on in Afghanistan and Iraq. And that's changed the mix and the type of customers within the Department of Defense that we're servicing and the products that we're providing. So that's one specific example, and I would say a fairly big driver of that mix.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Tom, it's Jeff. Thanks for the question. I'll go first and then turn it over to George. Yes, so for Q4, we expect the positive impact from commodity prices to be relatively small. Current estimate's sort of in the 4-ish million-dollar range of positive impact year-on-year in Q4. Then heading into next year, based on forward curves of the various chemicals that we buy, et cetera, it's a slight negative, a slight headwind next year, but we're probably talking in the 10-ish million-dollar range. So at this point, not a huge swing factor. Obviously, that could change quickly, particularly based on where oil prices move, but again, right now, it's about a $4 million positive impact in Q4 and next year, it's like negative to the tune of maybe $10 million or so.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Again, I'm always a little bit hesitant to get too specific on pricing with any particular customer, but yes, the repricing that we put in place for CVS does take effect April 1 and you can assume that continues into FY '14 at about the same rate. Now obviously, you're focused on CVS. There's lots of other factors into our Q4 numbers and next year's numbers, but with regards to that specific one, I think you got the answer.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, thanks for the question, Charles. No, there were no out-of-period adjustments of any note in our Q3. I think we cleaned up most of the issues we needed to in Q1 and Q2. As we sort of went through the implementation and went back to make sure that everything was ticking in tying exactly right, there was a little bit of clean up in Q1 and Q2. But at this point, I believe that's behind us so there were no further adjustments in Q3.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I'm not going to break it out specifically. I would say it is across the board. I think the generics performance and performance under our branded contracts, excluding the volume impact, those are the 2 biggest factors that we called out and they drove the biggest year-on-year improvement. But I would say everything you mentioned was a factor. Obviously, not having Express Scripts versus last year improves the margins just given the size of that account and the relatively low margin nature of the bulk business. I would say -- but even beyond that, our overall customer and product mix has continued to improve. So they all drove it, but the 2 biggest factors were generics and branded margin.
