Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Kevin and good morning to everyone joining us. I will begin with a few high level thoughts on our first quarter then have Jason review our results and updated fiscal ‘21 outlook. I will close with an update on strategic actions we are taking to carry our positive momentum forward. Our strong first quarter results were due to great execution on key strategic priorities and additional aggressive cost controls in response to the uncertainties of the pandemic. Regarding COVID-19, we saw continued utilization improvement in the quarter, particularly in elective procedures. These dynamics, along with the disciplined execution I mentioned, contributed to better than expected performance in our medical segment, we saw significant year-over-year growth. And in pharma, we continue to be encouraged by the resilience of our business, which grew in the first quarter despite volume softness related to the pandemic. As a result of the strong start to our fiscal year, we have increased confidence in the full year and we are raising both our EPS guidance range and our medical segment outlook. Overall, we remain focused on serving our customers and their patients as we optimize our core businesses and invest for growth to fulfill our critical role in healthcare now and into the future. With that, I will now turn it over to Jason.
Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Jason. We aspire to be healthcare’s most trusted partner by delivering products and solutions that improve the lives of people everyday. To achieve this mission, we leverage our scale and expertise to excel in our traditional spaces and expand into adjacencies. I will share how we are doing both, while simultaneously addressing the challenges of the ongoing pandemic through targeted investments in pursuit of this mission. First, we are enhancing our IT infrastructure in key areas to increase capabilities, simplify processes, and improve the customer experience. These multiyear initiatives will generate significant benefits in the future, some of which we are beginning to realize. For example, in our pharmaceutical distribution business, our teams are preparing to deploy the next iteration of our technology platform enhancements, creating greater operational efficiencies and better data visibility. Also, initiatives in our corporate functions will harness the potential of AI and machine learning to enable stronger insights both for our business and for our customers. In medical, our work to streamline our global supply chain network and processes continues and we are seeing significant efficiencies. We are also strategically investing to expand in high growth areas to support new technologies and therapies and to drive innovative care delivery. For example, in specialty, we are developing partnerships and making thoughtful investments that combine the technology, scale and expertise of our business with new innovations in cell and gene therapy, biosimilars, and value-based care models. Our 3PL continues its strong growth, with recent launches in traditional markets as well as emerging markets. Also, we recently made an investment in Vineti, the first commercial cloud-based platform to integrate logistics, manufacturing and clinical data for cell and gene therapies. In our at-Home Solutions business as trends and technologies accelerate in the increasingly virtual world of the pandemic, we are focused on optimizing our product portfolio and enhancing the customer experience. We are deepening partnerships with patients, payers and manufacturers to meet their evolving needs and expand our capabilities. We are also investing in our operating systems and digital commercialization capabilities with a pipeline of AI initiatives to lower our cost to serve and provide fully integrated medical and pharmacy billing solutions for our customers. These work streams will make us uniquely positioned to lead in the developing interconnected health and home space. Across the company, we are working diligently to meet our customers’ current needs, while also looking ahead to what they might need in the future. While doing all of this, we remain highly focused on our internal and external responses to the pandemic. In medical, we implemented multiple measures to address ongoing supply challenges for PPE product categories. For example, we established our supply assurance program to provide consistent long range supply for our products, including exam gloves, gowns and mask. The program has been positively received. And this collaboration with our customers will enable us to collectively navigate supply volatility and deliver critical products for patient care. In pharma, we are constantly monitoring evolving treatment patterns, collaborating with the team at Red Oak to ensure supply, and focusing on delivering the industry’s highest service levels. And across the company, we continue to aggressively control our expenses to ensure we deliver on all of our commitments and create long-term value. As I said earlier, we aspire to be healthcare’s most trusted partner and create the greatest value for our customers, shareholders, communities and employees. I want to thank our employees around the globe for their integrity, adaptability and persistent dedication to this mission. We are confronting today’s challenges and developing tomorrow’s solutions with the tenacity, agility and innovation that makes Cardinal Health essential to care. With that, I will pause to open it up for questions.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, thanks for the question. I will start and then I will turn it over to Jason. First of all, I would just emphasize we are really excited about the efforts we are seeing in our medical segment. The team did a really good job this quarter of staying not only focused on driving expenses for the quarter in relation to the uncertainty of the pandemic, but also continuing to get after the longer term expense initiatives we had and working on a lot of the other strategic initiatives we talked about, like our commercial work. So, a lot of really good progress with Steve and his team, but I am going to turn it over to Jason, so he can give you a little bit more of some of the color you would like to hear.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. Thanks, Steve. I will give you a little bit of color here. Our view has always been that it is a global settlement that takes into account, all of the states as well as the political subdivisions in the state. So that accrual represents our assumption around that what is not in there is any private party plaintiff cases, individual or some other non political subdivision or state. Those are still out there. We intend to defend our self vigorously against those but that accrual takes into account all both the states and the political subdivisions.
Mike Kaufmann: The only other thing I would add is that we did exit the quarter, roughly mid single digits down on electives. And so that was better than our expectation. And as Jason said, we expect to finish the year, near pre COVID level. So a lot of the upward trajectory already has occurred in the first quarter. So you wouldn’t see that sequential is not as big as maybe it was historically, when we were first thinking about this. I think that is one component, also to keep in mind. Next question, please.
Mike Kaufmann: And then I would just add, we have also seen really good performance on our lab business, in the first quarter that we would expect to continue through the rest of the year and so some of our other components of our business performed very strong too.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, our lab business has been a business that we have had for a really long time. It always has been a consistent grower for us both on the top and bottom line for a lot of years. It’s main customers are basically the outpatient labs and other hospital lab type of businesses. So, those are who we are supplying, we have a very robust product line, some of which is our self-manufactured or sourced items as well as we work with all of the national brand players. And so while it’s always been a business that has performed well and grown nicely for us with the increase in COVID testing, that business has had some additional growth this year. They have also been a real leader in getting reagents out, testing equipment, working with folks on helping on the swap supply early on. So at the business, we are really proud of the team there and continue to feel good about their growth this year. And we actually are evaluating how much of that might continue on going forward as we continue to look at that business going forward, but really strong performance by the lab business.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it’s a great question. I think the first thing I think we all need to keep in mind is it will probably be very choppy over the next 6 to 12 months, it’s hard to know how long, but I do think it will be choppy. We are even seeing small shutdowns here and there in the U.S. and then obviously potentially in Europe in different spots. As far as our – the majority of our product is going through our U.S. channels. And as I said, it relates to electives, we exited Q1 down mid single-digits and expect to get at or near pre-COVID levels by the end of the year. And while that’s not a huge sequential growth, we do expect it to be somewhat choppy and it’s hard to exactly predict on a quarterly basis. But we feel good about our current guidance, as it relates again assuming there is no major shutdown, if we had everybody shutting down again like in our Q4 that would create some different types of concerns. But as long as we received spotty types of – lumpy type of shutdowns, we would expect the – we can manage through that. As far as in Europe, again, that is just product sales, you don’t do distribution over there and our current guidance does assume and get some choppiness over there and we are not looking for major shutdowns over there either.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I will just start with the biosimilars first and then move on to the RX trend. We do continue to see biosimilars gain momentum with increased adoptions across multiple sites of care. And we have been successful working with the suppliers and our customers. In this area, we think we are really well positioned to distribute and provide services both upstream and downstream to the biosimilar players. Generally, biosimilar margins are similar to branded margins. It depends on the individual supplier and the product. There are some opportunities when you are able to move share through your GPOs and stuff to make some potential extra margins on that. But generally, as I said in the past, the real margin opportunity for us in biosimilars over the mid to long-term would be as if they get an interchangeable designation. And then now I think that will increase the opportunities for us to really make what I would say more meaningful contributions to our bottom line. So, while we continue to be very excited about the future potential for biosimilars they have really not at this time reached a level of materiality for us. And then flipping to your other question around RX trends, I think the first comment I would make is the real resilience of the pharma segment in general. This is a business that it seems like whenever we go through large challenges in the U.S., it’s a business that continues to, while it may have some headwinds, continues to be very resilient to the overall marketplace. Now, we also know in our pharma segment that includes our nuclear business, which as Jason mentioned, was coming back nicely in the quarter and tracking well. So, we are glad that we maintain both the people and the resources and commitments there, because we did see that bounce back still below prior levels, but bouncing back nicely. As far as your comment around the IQVIA data, actually I would say that what we are seeing is that our general business tracks pretty closely to it around both new RX generics etcetera. So we are not really seeing any trends within our business that I would call out that are much different than what we are seeing in the overall IQVIA data.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, this is a business we continue to be super excited about. As we have said a couple of different times, it’s one of those areas that we have called out as one of our strategic growth areas with both specialty, our services businesses and Cardinal Health at-Home, we are a leader in the space and we intend to stay that going forward. And so we did see very nice revenue trends in that business, we continue to make investments in that business specifically to continue to grow and have a very nice both mid and long-term view of that business. So, we remain excited about the team, our resources, the pipeline of opportunities we are working on feels really good in that business. Next question please.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it’s a great question. We have seen a little bit of difference between onco coming back faster than cardio. So, we do a lot of work in both those phases in our nuclear business. And really, as we expect it, it has bounced back nicely. But to your point, what we have seen both in nuclear and in our specialty business is that onco has bounced back much faster than other ologies whether it be cardiology, rheumatology, nephrology, but particularly to nuclear, our cardio business has bounced back a little bit slower than oncology.
Mike Kaufmann: Actually, it’s a business that is pretty fixed cost business. And so we did not take any – we took appropriate cost reductions. But I wouldn’t say we took aggressive cost reductions, because we really believe in that business over the long-term. We think it has a very nice pipeline of projects we are working on with manufacturers for clinical trials the theranostics area we think is a real growth area for us. So we decided essentially as we kind of talked about last quarter, just to hold on to both – our people, because the rest of our assets, being whether it’s our manufacturing facilities with our cyclotrons or individual pharmacies, which still needed to be staffed. We didn’t make extra aggressive cost reductions there. And so it’s nice to see it bounced back and delivered the type of results that we saw in our Q1.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. As far as the specialty products, I would say this is – what I really like about our position is we can manage both. We have the capabilities for a manufacturer to choose going through our pharma distribution business. Obviously, we serve one of the largest chains, the largest grocery chain, largest mail order insurer. So we have got a lot of strong customer base as well as a strong presence in the acute space that our pharma distribution business has the reach to be able to match specialty drugs that way and then also with our specialty business, they can go that way. So, that’s something that we feel really good about that. We talk to manufacturers all the time and can work with them in either way. A lot of manufacturers, it depends on who the ultimate customer is and who they are trying to reach on which one they may choose. And sometimes that they will choose both, depending on certain customers will go one way and other ones will go the other. So, it’s hard to specifically talk about any individual drugs. We don’t really like to do that. But in terms of having the capabilities, I am confident that we can do that anywhere, even up until including, if it’s a smaller company that’s launching a drug and need services all the way from soup to nuts. The third-party logistics business we have is from performing incredibly well in our specialty space. So, someone that needs customer service, shipping, billing collections, etcetera we can do that too. As far as the COVID vaccine, as you know, as far as Phase 1 has been, one of our competitors has been chosen to do that in Phase 1. We continue to have daily conversations with the folks in the government around being part of it. We have the absolute capabilities to do it. We have been shipping many different types of vaccines for years. So, we have both ambient and cold chain storage capabilities and shipping capabilities to do that. And my belief at least from what I think is probably best from making sure that the product is available for our customers and the fact that we are going to our customers every day is that down the line, I think it would make the most sense for all the key distributors to be part of the Phase 2 of this when the products become more readily available and we stand ready to do that when that happens.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it’s an interesting question. It’s flu vaccines have been significantly up this year and we do distribute those and we have distributed significant more blue vaccines this year than we have in historical years. Probably, for the combination of the fact that more people are getting vaccinated as well as practicing distancing, wearing masks, washing hands, etcetera, we would expect much lighter flu season this year than historically, but we are not seeing any big necessary mix changes in our pharma business at this time, but we are keeping an eye on it, because as different physicians get back into work and people start visiting them, we may see a little bit of mix, but right now, nothing I would call out as material. But again, I just keep focused on that where we do expect it to be nonlinear, a little bit lumpy over the rest of the year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and then on behalf of all of us at Cardinal Health, I hope you and your family stay safe and well and we look forward to speaking to all of you that sometime soon. Take care.
Jason Hollar: Sure. Thanks Mike. Yes. And first of all, we should start with the COVID impacts. And the key point is that within the quarter, there was a relatively minimal impact on the business on a net basis. Of course, there is a lot going on within that. So, there is still a headwind year-over-year as it relates to the lower elective volume. However, that was offset in part by some of those COVID-specific costs that Mike had referenced, but also increased volume in our lab testing business. So, all those items came together in a way that effectively offset one another. Another key point that you referenced and I didn’t reference here is PPE. For the quarter, we saw that the increased cost that we did recognize were mitigated through price increases that also happened in the quarter. So, for the first quarter that all kind of offset. I will come back to that point in a second, but for the rest of the performance within medical for the segment for the quarter, there were also additional cost savings. As Mike indicated, this was led by the ongoing multi-year effort and building healthier future initiative that’s really getting after global manufacturing and supply chain transformation. So, that was very much consistent with our expectations. But as Mike highlighted there are also some additional aggressive cost controls that we put in place due to the uncertainties in the quarter. And we saw some really great flow through of those actions, in terms of delaying some open positions and managing third party spend, that may be a bit more temporary in nature, and is something that will continue to work to see if we can make more permanent. So we have a good balance included within our guidance for all those items. Going back to PPE as it relates to the rest of the year. That is the one area that we do anticipate having higher costs in the second quarter higher net costs in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And that is just due to the timing, we have procured these higher costs, PPE inventory items, but it is in transit, a lot of that that volume is in transit. So we know that we will be incurring those costs. A lot of it’s already on our balance sheet and our inventory. And we will recognize that higher costs in the second and across third and fourth quarter as we sell those items. And of course, we are also raising prices consistent with that. However, there are some timing elements that don’t line up perfectly between the two. So that’s the one element from Q1 to Q2 for the medical business that we would see a bit of additional headwind. Now on the flip side, we would expect that in the pharma business, there is a little bit of a, lesser of a headwind from Q1 to Q2, as that environment is a little bit more normalized, but I would not call that significant.
Jason Hollar: Yes, I don’t think there is too much more to add than what I just went through where, again, from a Q1 to Q2 perspective, we definitely anticipate there being a greater headwind related to the PPE recognition of that cost. But for the other elements, we continue to see relatively consistent types of dynamics there. And then, as I also mentioned and Mike touched on as well, as it relates to the underlying cost controls, we feel really good about our performance in the first quarter. Some of those were absolutely permanent and part of those structural cost reductions that we have been putting in the place for the last several years. But other elements were very specific to the pandemic and really tightly managing our costs and then perhaps and a little bit of a shorter term, we will continue to evaluate those initiatives and see if we can make them more permanent by changing the way in which we do on certain things, which is very consistent with our building healthier future initiatives elsewhere. But we need a little more time to work that through.
Jason Hollar: Yes. So, as I think about the – let’s just step back and think about the raise for the full year guidance that is entirely due to the medical performance and you saw that we raised the outlook there as well. And so within that, we had two key components, first of all, COVID is being – is better, less of a headwind than what we had anticipated, although it’s still a headwind for the year and that is the most meaningful impact, but also significant within that not insignificant is the underlying cost reductions that we have been referencing. So, both go into it, but I would say COVID is a little bit more of a benefit there versus the cost savings, but still very meaningful.
Jason Hollar: And one other item, maybe just to make sure we referenced is tax rate for the first quarter was a couple of 100 basis points lower than the midpoint and lower than the range that we have. That is just the timing of some discrete items that were all anticipated when we established our guidance range. So we will continue to have some fluctuations there, but that does look like an impact in the first quarter that we would expect to revert more to the mean by the time we get to the end of the year.
