George S. Barrett: Yes. Sure. Hi. Good morning, Charles. On the second part of your question, the drug-eluting stent was actually not part of the Patient Recovery business that we acquired, but actually done through partnership. If you remember, we talked about the fact that we'd be adding to the portfolio largely through opportunities to partner. And that's what we've done here. So it's an approved product and not something that we acquired through the Patient Recovery business.
George S. Barrett: Michael, good morning. It's George. I'll take that and then Mike can jump in. I think our perspective in dealing with our customers is always sort of on the, how do we grow opportunity? How do we see the opportunity to partner more deeply with them and create growth over the long term? And so while I can't go into details on these programs, that's sort of the underlying assumption. As we mentioned earlier of course, as you said, it is a competitive market. But our position with our customers is strong. There are things that we see that are opportunities to solidify those relationships and create new value. And that's sort of what is the focus of our work.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, Ricky, I actually don't have anything to add to that. I think that's exactly the right response.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Ross. Why don't I start? First of all, obviously we just saw the news this morning. And so it is hard to say much, other than that PharMerica has been a customer. And our agreement goes through June of 2018. We've been in an industry that has seen the chess board move around a fair amount. We will occasionally be on the right side of those movements. We'll occasionally be on the wrong side. And that is true for all of us. I would say in the big picture, this is not a material issue for us. But you certainly are seeing an industry that is going through some changes over these last couple years. And we'll probably see more now and again. But we feel like we have a very robust base at this point, strong positioning. And our customer stability is quite high.
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Lisa. So I'll do this carefully. Obviously the conversations that we have with our manufacturer partners are proprietary. And we're careful about that. I will say the industry is going through some interesting changes over these last couple years. And so we're trying to make sure that in our conversations with our branded partners, both sides are reflecting those changes. I think Mike sort of captured one of them, which I think is very significant. Which is we're just going to see less and less that is in contingency that is tied to something other than a fee base. So I think directionally we'll see more moving towards a standard fee base. And I think Mike captured that and gave you a little bit of economic sense of that. I would think that trend is going to continue. But by and large I think conversations are productive. I think we are hopefully respected for the value we create. And we have great respect for the partners that we work with on the manufacturing side.
George S. Barrett: So let me start. I'd probably say that I don't know that I can give you much about the quarterly progression as it relates to Specialty. Again I think beyond – Mike may want to just give further color on Q1 that he mentioned. But our Specialty group has just been on a very strong pattern here. I think we've built out a lot of capability. We're clinically very strong. I think our analytics are very strong. And what we've been able to do I think is grow in both our ability to serve more therapeutic areas downstream and create more service offerings for our biopharmaceutical partners on the upstream. And obviously we are also aligning with the trend that's happening in the pharmaceutical and biotech world, which is more products that are being approved and are in development are specialty drugs. So I think we've been – seven years or eight years ago we made an important turn in the road to really double down in this business. And we've made a few acquisitions. We've done some great things organically to grow. And we've built out some real capability. And we like to see ourselves as a thought leader in the space. So I think it's an encouraging sign, great direction, leadership is strong. And we're thrilled with the team that we've got there.
George S. Barrett: Let me do the second part first, and then I'll come to the first part of your question. Some of the basics. We operate a very strong, robust suspicious order monitoring system and process that not only meets our regulatory requirements, we believe it exceeds what is required of distributors. We're doing our part to prevent the diversion of drugs. I would also say though, it is important that everyone do their part in dealing with this issue. I said in my comments earlier that the search for blame is the enemy of the search for solutions. It's something I say often in our organization. But it is especially true in a complex situation like this. What we really need is for all of the stakeholders to work cooperatively and ultimately to address both sides of this issue. And so I think that's important. As it relates to legal cases, I'd just say this. We're going to vigorously defend ourselves. We believe that the lawsuits do not advance the hard work needed to solve the opioid abuse crisis. And we are going to do the things that we think are important in the public good to help in a place where we've got some knowledge. And so we are doing this and have been doing this in education. We've talked a lot about our Generation Rx initiative. Some of you know about it. We haven't been that visible in the public about it. But it is actually a really important program in helping to combat drug abuse and misuse. We are working with law enforcement. We're working with educators. We are working on product donations to help in a crisis. We've got takeback strategies. So what we are probably going to be doing in terms of our focus is working in the regions where the – we're really going to pilot this in regions where it is most acute. And we feel that's very important. So it's an action that we want to take. It will build on the work that we've done. And we think it's important. And we're going to do it.
George S. Barrett: Hey, John. Yeah. Great question. You actually drew a very valuable distinction, important one for us, which is we're looking at – and I think I've always said this to you as we look internationally. We look at the services part of our business with a different lens than we look at the product side. Let me put it very plainly. We have a big product business. We want to sell those products in every market in the world. Those tend to be opportunities where scale is advantageous to us. It drives manufacturing costs. And there's sort of a virtuous cycle of having that scale. Service businesses transport with greater challenges. It's harder to create value out of service businesses. We entered China because we saw a unique opportunity. We knew it was a business that was in a market that was growing. There was a roll-up that was likely to occur and that we felt we could bring something to that market. And I think that we have. And our teams have done a great job there. They've really grown that business. But I think what we are seeing there is to have the kind of leadership that we seek is going to require a deployment of capital that can be more effectively deployed elsewhere. And so I think it's just for us a question of how quickly and what does it take to achieve that leadership position. And so that's driving our decision in China. But I do think that the distinction that you drew is an important one. We tend to look at product lines and product businesses a little bit differently than we do those service businesses.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. Garen, that's an interesting question. And let me frame it. And it's probably aligned with what Mike was just saying. Historically you see deflation in generics. So in a way victory is just going back to typically our ability to model it very effectively. We actually have been able to model it very effectively. This was the most challenging year for us in terms of being able to predict and model it. It just looked a little different than we had seen. So in some ways victory is actually just knowing that we're seeing patterns that are familiar and that we can model more effectively. And I think that's my version of victory on this one.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Garen. It's – yeah. From the data that we've seen, it's relatively flat utilization. I still – and I think I've said this to a number of you. I do think that in a way that defies gravity – I mean, we know that demographics are driving more people to need health care. And so I do think what we're seeing, and I think we'll continue this for a while, is some choppiness associated with shifting benefit designs. But ultimately I think demographics will win out. I mean that's the reality. Our business has been growing. I do think our value proposition is resonating perhaps differently than it did three or four years ago. And as a result, we're positioned well with market leaders. And I think our share position is good. So I think we're not assuming a big increase in utilization in our upcoming year. I think we'll continue to assume it's relatively steady as she goes. No major changes. Again, my view is that underlying that there are some issues that are probably going to continue to grow over years.
George S. Barrett: Bob, thanks. It's a fair question. I think it was important for us as we looked at our business. We have been over these last nine years, we've had moments where we've had to reset, invest, and drive for future plans. I mentioned that during my prepared comments. This is sort of one of these moments. Part of this is the conditions of the market. Part of it is the moves that we've made. We felt as we started looking out at the business, particularly having deployed some capital and some important moves, that it would be valuable for you to understand how we saw those and to sort of lay out our aspirations. And so I think it's partly a way of sort of framing how we see the business and the evolution of the portfolio. You've seen us make – announce one potential move here in China. Over the last week we've closed another transaction that we think strengthens our business on the product side. So as we talked about it and felt that it would be helpful for us to frame that out for our investors to give you a little bit of sense of our direction, our portfolio, and our sense of optimism going forward.
George S. Barrett: All right. Folks, thank you for staying with us. It was I know a long call today. I know there are one or two, maybe three or four of you who did not get a chance to get questions in on the call. We will make sure to be available to you during the day. We look forward to getting a chance to talk with all of you. Thank you all, and we'll talk to you soon.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. And I wouldn't see these investments as something we have to make incrementally each year. This is something that again we have an option to make this year. If we don't think we'll get the right returns out of those investments, we don't necessarily have to make those. And that could provide some upside for us this year. But we thought it was prudent to build these in, because we think there's some things that we'd like to do that we think are important for us to be able to solidify where we're headed in 2019 and beyond.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. A couple things. I'd say first of all, as we've mentioned, we thought it was – the curve was steepest during our first couple quarters of our year. And we've started to see less steep of a decline in our second half. And to us that indicates that there's clearly been some stabilizing in the environment from what again we're seeing as well as what we're hearing from the teams. And so what that means is we would expect to have some tougher compares in our Q1 and Q2 this year. And then we would think the comparisons to the prior year would get better in the second half of the year. So that's the first thing I would say. When we say we're including the buy side and sell side, what we're basically saying is that when we get lower acquisition cost, sometimes that will translate into lower market pricing. And sometimes that's an opportunity for us to take a look at our margins, always keeping in mind our customers and making sure that they can compete in the marketplace and that they have the appropriate generic pricing that they need to have. And so ours is just basically an all-in of what we're seeing from the terms of our ultimate sell price downstream to the customer. So generally, I would say that the good news is what we're seeing is it looks like the market is stabilizing over the last several months.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks. So, yeah, on the generics, I would say that again all I'm saying is that since the curve was steeper in the first half of last year, we would expect the comps on generic deflation to be a little tougher in our first half than we would in the second half. And hopefully that answered that. As far as the partnership agreement, I'll mention it and George may have a couple quick comments in. Yeah, I think we've learned a couple different things. No – I wouldn't say any real concerns. Just generally that sometimes just getting it down on paper and actually getting it signed and all the terms and conditions agreed to just takes a little bit longer than you think. And then sometimes when you're working with the partners, the timing of which they think they'll get approvals, whether it be overseas or in the U.S., just take a little longer than they expected. So it's really more about getting the I's crossed – T's crossed, I's dotted and these approvals that just slowed it down. But nothing at all that makes us concerned that this isn't the right strategy, isn't going to be a significant portion of what we do. I think customers – these partners see us as a great go-to-market partner, not only because of our distribution capabilities, but because of our commercialization capabilities with the significant sales activities that we have in place and an excellent sales team.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, absolutely. So I think obviously one of the things that we'll see is we really believe that the Pharma Distribution business will be stabilizing. And FY 2019 as we continue to lap some of the headwinds that we've had both in terms of some customer changes as well as generic market pricing, we believe that we're going to continue to see really strong growth in our Specialty business, which its base continues to get larger and larger, so that strong growth becomes more and more meaningful. We won't have any inventory step up for the Patient Recovery business, which as I mentioned that we're targeting to be up to $100 million. Plus we expect to see growth in that business as well as Cordis and other businesses. We have some negative comp, things that we mentioned that were one-timers last year that affect this year that we won't have that noise in the numbers. Overall demand – we expect base overall demand to continue to grow. We also expect some really nice growth as we've seen this year in our core Med business in – the post-acute and the distribution services area have done a very nice job in Med this year. And we are excited about them in the future. And then also there's some opportunities with capital deployment. So I would say those are the broad strokes as to why we feel good about where we're headed in FY 2019.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, as I mentioned, we said in 2017 was a little less than 15% was contingent, but we exited at less than 10%. So we would expect our 2018 to be less than 10% to be contingent. And we are continuing as George said to have very productive conversations with some of the folks in that less than 10% bucket. So we'll see where that goes. But I feel very good that we're doing the right things to reduce our exposure there.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. That's hard to do, so I really can't do that. It's just we have some different discussions that we're doing with various customers that again if we think together with them, that leads to the right type of situation that we find to benefit us in 2019 and beyond, we'll make those investments. And if we don't then we won't make those. And you will see some upside from us for the year related to not making those investments. So I can't really give you more detail than that.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, I don't see anything lumpy or anything like that happening in Specialty. I think it should be strong, steady growth throughout the year.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, why don't I take that? Qualifying that as it relates to redeployment of any capital that may come in from the China activities, that's one we can't comment on at this point. In terms of where we are strategically and the portfolio, there are areas that we think are very important, most of which we are now competing in and competing very effectively. So I wouldn't say that there is a marked hole in the portfolio. I like where we are on the Pharmaceutical side. I think we touch all channels. I think we touch all of the manufacturing world. And I think our reach is extensive. We said a couple years ago that Specialty needed to be bigger. It is. We said that generics needed to be bigger. It is. I think we're doing the things we need to do there. On the Medical side I think our business at this point is really driven by the value that we can create for our customer base. And if you look at our customers, whether those are an IDN customer or a straight hospital customer or a clinic, our ability to provide a really broad basket of related services and products right now is pretty extensive. So we'll always look for opportunities to increase scale or competitive strength, but I wouldn't point you to a particular area of weakness right now. Again the other piece I'd add is our post-acute work has been really interesting. And I think we're quite strong there. And we sort of took an early position in that space. So I wouldn't say that there's an area to highlight as a weak area, but I think we're on the right paths there. And I think the portfolio looks strong and highly connected.
Michael C. Kaufmann: No, I wouldn't say that we would see it going to flat or to the positive. In fact, the history of generics wouldn't indicate that that's typically the case. As we said a few times, we've had a couple years where we did have a net increase, had net inflation in generics. But typically it is a net deflationary environment. So we would assume it to stay in a deflationary environment, just not as extreme as we saw for the first part of this year. And I think that's probably just the best way to summarize it.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. As far as overall capital deployment, you're right. We would expect CapEx to be, as we said, $500 million to $540 million. We still plan to maintain our dividend policy of a 30% to 35% payout. And as I mentioned, we also committed to pay down about $500 million of debt each year for the next three years. So those are three important things for us in terms of capital deployment. And obviously after that as we always have, we'll continue to look at opportunistic repo and M&A that fits strategically with the business. Specifically as it relates to CapEx, the biggest piece of that is going to be our P-Mod costs that – continue to make those investments over that multiyear project. And then there's also some dollars that were significant into some of the acquisitions. The Patient Recovery business will have some initial capital that we want to put into our plan for this year, as well as continuing to invest in some of our other recent acquisitions. So those are the biggest ones. And then we'll continue to invest obviously in all of our infrastructure, whether it be our buildings, IT systems, et cetera, at our other businesses that we continue to do across post-acute and specialty, et cetera. But those are a couple of bigger carveouts.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Obviously that's something we are obviously thinking about. And as you can imagine are doing the appropriate planning to do the right things to be able to have access to that cash. So at this point in time I can't say a lot, other than we would not expect to be limited with at least a large portion of any net proceeds that we have.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Good question. Really they're two separate things. When I was really talking about the discrete items that were greater than $0.50, I was really trying to call out things that caused FY 2018 to be down from FY 2017. For instance, if you have a discrete tax item that doesn't repeat in 2018 that you had in 2017, then you obviously create a headwind. Or if you have a reserve adjustment that was positive in 2017 that isn't going to repeat in 2018, then those are the types of things I was talking about. So that greater than $0.50 obviously finished a little bit higher, because taxes got a little bit better. And that's why we finished a little higher, which created a little bit more headwind for 2018. So that was that bucket. What I was specifically talking about on the $0.16 plus the $0.06, so a total of roughly $0.22, was where I was really trying to help you bridge our guidance that we gave of $4.85 to $5.10 back to the April early outlook, where we said that we would be down flattish to mid-single digits. And so that $0.22 really helps you reconcile roughly midpoint to midpoint if you look at it of what happened. Because since April we went back and said as we were establishing our budget, what else that we think is important to do? And so first of all – not really part of the budget – we finished $0.06 higher, but then we had the other $0.16 as I mentioned is from customer investments we decided to build in that again, if we do not do them, those will be potentially things that we would be able to give back this year in terms of overperformance. But we think those are good investments that we're working through with various customers. I will say those are not just being more aggressive in the marketplace. That's not at all what those would refer to. And then it's some tax planning that we're doing in order to put ourselves in the best position. And then as George mentioned, it's some significant investment into fighting this opioid epidemic that we are planning to do in 2018 that we think is an important thing for us to do as a company to step up.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. I would say that we can't get into a lot of specifics, but we have been working as I said with some of the suppliers that were in that contingent bucket that had a portion of contingent. And some of those suppliers we have reached new agreements with. And other ones we're still working through with. So that's why I said we went from around 15% to less than 10% now being contingent. Was there a little bit of noise on some of that? There is a little bit of that. Nothing I would call as significant in our 2018 numbers. But yeah, there was a little bit of trade-offs as we worked through with some of those manufacturers. But we feel really good in general about where those came out and some of the other components of the deals that we were able to strike.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. The annual payments to CVS are $45.6 million a quarter, and those payments are locked in for the rest of the deal. So there will be no change in the impact of those payments in FY 2018 to FY 2017. But again the value that we're seeing from Red Oak net of those payments continues to be very, very positive. Just quickly because we're running late on time, we're really going to have to make the next question our last one. And then anybody else that didn't get a chance to get in, please, we'll hopefully answer your questions as we do one-on-one calls today or throughout the next several days if you need to get your questions answered. So let's go to the last question.
