Jason Hollar: Sure, thanks for the question, Eric. I think it’s important to just go back in time a little bit, this last 12 months. A year ago when we were sitting here, certainly the freight costs had gone all the way back down to historic levels, so we were enjoying--really, the run-up had come all the way back down, and it was the beginning of the calendar year, so in our third quarter when the Red Sea issues first began, and that’s when we saw the first spike, and the reason I remind you of that is that first spike was known come springtime, when we gave our initial guidance for GMPD, and so we knew about that first step-up already, and that’s been factored into the guidance from day one. Yes, there have been further increases since then, but when you look at the combined two increases, the two different steps, first in January, then in the spring, they still are woefully short of where we were a couple of years ago when the whole supply chain was under pressure, where even when we were spending two, three times the current level, we were having difficulty in actually getting reasonable service. So yes, the costs are higher, but not nearly as high as they used to be, and most importantly is the supply chain is functioning a lot more efficiently than it was before. Long way of saying, Eric, that yes, there is a little bit of an increase here, it’s something we monitor and manage very, very tightly, but it’s not the point where it requires widespread price adjustments accordingly, at least not yet. In addition to that, it’s important that we look at the overall inflationary environment, and we talked about this a couple of years ago. At the peak, we had a lot of oil and petroleum-based products, including fuel and other type of freight, that was also a big issue. Those are actually a little bit softer in terms of the cost, so overall net-net, we’re managing through it better than we have before, and overall we have some puts and takes that are all very manageable. We’ll continue to evaluate the pricing necessary within that, but at this stage we haven’t had to exercise that lever to near the extent that we did in the past.
Jason Hollar: Yes, let me try to address a few of those pieces. Specialty is absolutely a key part of this story and why we still anticipate being able to grow this business next year. We highlighted in our comments that in fiscal ’24 for the year, we saw another year of 14% growth. You may recall at our investor day last year, the specialty business CAGR over the prior three years was anticipated at that time to be 14% as well, so another year of strong growth driven by the widespread investments that we have made and continue to make. We talked today about a couple of interesting growth drivers for the future, whether it’s our advanced therapy solutions business, the new venture with CVS for Averson focused on biosimilars. Biosimilars in general has been a rising tide type of benefit over the last several years, and of course then our acquisition of specialty networks, which closed in March and has an eight, nine-month type of year-over-year benefit tailwind, so these are all areas that are driving our specialty business to some degree in fiscal ’24, but they’re all examples of where we would expect that to continue to grow over fiscal ’25 to help mitigate for that contract non-renewal, that we think while that growth will be slower in ’25 due to that. I also made the comment in the remarks that even in spite of this overall revenue reduction for the enterprise for the pharma segment and the impact of that contract non-renewal, we still expect our specialty business to grow in fiscal ’25 in spite of that. That tells you that our run rate as we lap fiscal ’25 and that non-renewal, we would anticipate it to be very consistent with the long term algorithm that we’ve highlighted in the past, which from a profit perspective has been defined as low single-digit type of profit growth for our PD core business and double-digit growth for specialty, so we’ll continue to look at other opportunities to invest organically, as well as inorganically to continue to feed that growth.
Jason Hollar: Yes, let me take that. It was related to, I think, just the general impact of insulin pricing, but there’s also the Humira element there, so it’s probably a couple different questions. Within the quarter, we did, as Aaron had highlighted before, we saw of course the ongoing benefit of the GLP-1 growth, but we did have a similar offset as it relates to the pricing change for the WAC insulin adjustments that happened at the beginning of the calendar year. Until we get through the second quarter of fiscal ’25, we’d anticipate there to be a bit of an offset related to that price change. There was also a question around Humira and, I assume, just the biosimilar type of migration. We see that it’s started to move a little bit more. Certainly some of the actions that CVS has done more broadly in the marketplace seem to have moved things along a little bit further. It’s still fairly low penetration throughout the broad industry, but generally speaking, we have seen that start to pick up a little bit, I wouldn’t say meaningfully, within the quarter, maybe a little bit even afterwards, but it’s still at fairly low penetration rates. It’s one of the reasons why we’re so focused on biosimilars and with our joint venture with Averon, is just to continue to look for ways to increase access for patients that need that therapy at an affordable cost, so we’ll continue to do our part there. Next question please.
Jason Hollar: Yes, so it’s certainly true that GMPD is more acute focused customers, and we do benefit from the migration towards more of an ASC model. We do not participate widely in physician offices, so that’s an element. It’s nothing that we’ve called out as broad trends, so I don’t have much more to go on there, other than on a same store sales basis, we’re seeing the utilization fairly consistent this past year, generally speaking, that low single-digit type of range, so we are seeing that there’s like-for-like growth. What we’ve highlighted fairly consistently is that this last year was--or the end of ’23, beginning of ’24 was the inflection point for us. We were not growing with the market at that point. Over the course of ’24, we’ve largely grown with the market, plus or minus a point here or there, so very consistent with that low single-digit type of growth over--especially after our first quarter. We don’t think there’s widespread shifts there, but we definitely have an ASC presence that we do think we benefit from, but I wouldn’t call that a main driver of what we’re looking at. In terms of the investments we’re making, we did call out some domestic investments, but they’re not limited to domestic. We believe in a very diversified, competitive geographic footprint. We’ve stressed that specifically we don’t have manufacturing, direct manufacturing in China - that’s one of the related questions here as it relates to certainly the ongoing tariff risk, and I can also let you know that we only source less than 10% of our total Cardinal Health branded product in China, so specifically to China, we don’t have a large exposure. But we do have exposure beyond China, and Asia and near-shore Central, South America, we believe a diversified, broad supply base is important, as well as a domestic footprint. We have increased our investments across the supply chain to improve the resiliency, and there’s a couple of areas within the U.S. specifically - you’ve seen some of the tariffs related to syringes is a specific area of focus, and we happen to have that capability in the United States. That’s just one example of where we’re really doubling down on that investment. So yes, costs and freight are always a consideration - you know, we build a financial model behind all that and we look at the risks, but on this particular example, one example of where we’re really leaning in on that investment, that’s more about just ensuring our customers get the product they need. This is more of a volume opportunity than a pure cost and margin opportunity, so you’ve got to look at all those factors. Next question, please.
Jason Hollar: Yes, thanks for the question, Eric. Again, I think my answer is going to be fairly similar to what I said before, but in a different context. We have a very broad base of customers, very broad base of payors behind those customers, so we don’t have necessarily even the insight all the time as to where those reimbursements are coming from. The same store sales type of information, what we see more broadly is just not a lot of fluctuations and variations, and we’re not talking again of any type of growth rate above and beyond what we believe that underlying utilization is. Generally speaking, if there are some of those trends, at this stage I’m not seeing that as a meaningful driver to where our business is going.
Jason Hollar: As it relates to the second question, I’ll say what I said before - we’re 1% industry, so it’s competitive but stable. I would say that the vast majority of contracts don’t change hands period to period. These couple, several that have that more notable, there’s been several that have long term five-year types of agreements, so every five years there is the chance, opportunity or risk for that to occur, but again I’ll just stress the vast majority don’t. We feel really good about our positioning, competitive positioning. We know we’re competitive, we know that our message and our work and our results resonate with our customers. We’re very much focused on that experience, the service levels, the value initiatives and propositions behind it, the tools and platforms. We’ve talked about our InteLogix and our Atrix platforms for health systems as one example of not just going at them with price but going at them with value, and having true value components to those offerings, and we feel really good about where that positioning is, and that’s why we’ve been able to offset to the degree that we have.
Jason Hollar: Yes, thanks for the question. It’s broad-based, it’s varied. We don’t call it out in every call in all areas, but it’s so broad, it really is everywhere. It’s in the core of how we operate. Examples of what we talked about today, without using the phrase AI, especially networks - you know, their PPS analytics is a great example of taking that data, electronic medical records and synthesizing that for manufacturers, as well as providers, and getting actionable insights. I mean, that is AI. When you look at some of the automation I’m commented on in our at-home solutions network, this is now over 25% of our sites just in the last 12 to 18 months. We’re launching a new footprint that is bringing in technology and automation in various forms into the manufacturing--or I’m sorry, into the distribution setting to be even more innovative, even more efficient and productive. As you mentioned, those other platforms, InteLogix, Atrix, working with Palantir and other partners to create value, and then I’m not even getting into the more basic use cases like customer service and back office. I guess I don’t want to just hit the same drumbeat everyone else is. What we’re trying to do in our communication is get beyond the buzzwords and really talk about the essence of where we’re driving our business, and we feel really good about that, and it’s definitely [indiscernible].
Jason Hollar: Yes, I would say the one thing we did clarify in the prior comments is that all three businesses are expected to contribute to that growth in fiscal ’25, and we are investing--you know, fiscal ’24 was an especially heavy investment period, but we are continuing to invest across the range. Just one example to put into perspective is we talked a lot about our investments in our nuclear and precision health solutions business. This is a business that we’ve highlighted, theranostics now just with our second phase of expansion that we announced about a year ago, or this last year, and then we also have talked about some PET expansion. From a fiscal ’24 to ’26, that’s about $100 million, mainly capital that we’re investing into that business, but it’s representative of the big investments that we’re making in addition to the three different distribution centers in at-home solutions that Aaron had mentioned are very representative of the inputs that we’re putting into these businesses, because we deeply believe in their ability to continue to grow, benefit from the secular trends they each enjoy, but then also reflecting the leadership position we have in each, and that is then further bolstered by these very specific investments.
Jason Hollar: Yes, so I referenced it a few different times, so I think maybe there’s a more specific question behind it. Oh - I think the question was, does it just service CVS? The answer is no. It’s a consistent concept as what we did with Red Oak Sourcing, reflecting that we both have different needs, different customers if you will, and can jointly benefit those patients through combining our capabilities in this space, so we would expect to operate it in a similar way, where we have different benefits associated with that. There are--I think what you’re talking about, there’s not the same type of payment structure and schedule that we have for Red Oak Sourcing, kind of equalization payments if you will, so that structure does not exist with this. It is structured quite a bit differently in that regard. Then in terms of--I think there was a renewal question there about CVS, and so the contract goes through--the distribution contract goes through ’27, and then the Red Oak agreement goes through ’29, so this is certainly outside of those agreements and it’s very much an example of the type of partnership that we look to have with any and all of our customers in various ways to ensure that we’re thinking about how better to serve those underlying patients.
Jason Hollar: Yes, thank you, and thank you all for joining us. In addition the usual pleasantries I have at this point in the call, I do want to step back for just a minute, reflecting that given it’s our year-end as well as additional guidance, I know that there was a lot to digest within this, but I hope that we clarified many of your points today. I do want to end where I started and just re-emphasize those same three key points I had at the very beginning of the commentary today. First of all, we finished the year with terrific momentum. We grew our earnings per share by 29% for both the quarter and the fiscal year. You add that on top of the growth that we saw last year, that’s a nearly 50% increase in our EPS over the last couple of years, driven by performance across the board but really strong performance in our largest, most significant business, our pharma segment, growing despite having some of those impacts in the quarter from that contract unwind. But we’re also seeing very good utilization across the enterprise, whether it’s pharma as well as GMPD. We see that this industry continues to have a lot of need within the marketplace. That in part is driving our GMPD, but really that $240 million improvement that we saw for that business this year is being driven by the successful mitigation of inflation, a long hard journey but we’ve gotten there, and now we’re able to focus on driving the business going forward. Our other businesses, we’re seeing robust demand across the board, utilization but secular trends as well. Really excited about the ongoing growth there - double digit 10% growth in 2025 while continuing to invest in the business. Cash flow - really strong, not only $4 billion nearly this year but when you take last year and this year in combination, that’s nearly $7 billion that position us very well for financial flexibility going forward. All right, the second point was because of that momentum, we feel very confident about our fiscal ’25, and that’s why we raised our guidance, both in our largest business with pharma but also driving EPS growth in fiscal ’25, despite that customer transition. Then thirdly and lastly, we’re doing all that operational and cash flow focus while also driving our strategy going forward, optimizing our portfolio, very consistent transparent dialog we’ve had with you. This management team is focused on those key priorities and will continue to communicate. We’re excited about the progress across a number of areas that we talked about, whether it’s furthering our partnership with our largest customer or the ongoing integration of our largest acquisition of specialty networks that we’ve done in quite some time, and we’re well positioned to continue to grow the business even in spite of any of the headwinds that we’ve identified. Of course, behind all that, we will continue to responsibly prioritize shareholder value creation, and we’ve communicated some additional near term actions specifically within the GMPD business today, and that is translating to even more opportunistic share repurchases in fiscal year ’25. So a lot there, but a lot to be excited about, and we appreciate your time and attention, and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress.
Aaron Alt: Sure, so the way to think about it is Optum was an existing customer with us until the end of our Q4, and you can see the results in Q4, we don’t need to go deeper on that. But what did also happen in Q4 was us being incredibly planful around the impacts to our operations, as well as to our financials of that customer unwind. We’ve talked in the past and we talked during our last earnings call around the three offsetting actions, the contribution of specialty networks, of course the new customer win, the expansion with existing customers as well as further cost optimization opportunities, and we’re pleased the team got on it, got ahead of it, and they’ve already been executing in that respect, and so the guidance we’re able to provide today, we view as relatively consistent with what we’ve provided in Q3, but with an additional degree of confidence because the plans are behind us and now we’re acting in that way. The non-renewal will impact our Q1- there’s no way to avoid that. They were a large, low margin customer, and as we’ve talked about, the new customers coming on board are largely back half-loaded, and so we will have a timing difference relative to prior years and that will impact certainly our revenue and profitability timing over the course of the year. There’s also a cash impact, right? The unwind of the negative working capital position there is a Q1 impact for us and a key reason why we are carefully monitoring our cash flow during the first quarter, of course balanced with the fact that we are delighted with the strong adjusted free cash flow and the strong cash balance at the end of our Q4. Look - on balance, the cost optimization is already in play, specialty networks is already in play, and we continue to work on the customer expansions and the new customer on-boarding, and we will make that successful as well.
Aaron Alt: I’ll start. I would just observe that we’re being very thoughtful in the planning we’re doing for the year, given the number of moving pieces we have both within the pharma business and within the GMPD business, and of course keeping an eye on the three growth businesses within other. Within pharma, what we’ve reference is first half from a cadence perspective will be slightly down to flat versus prior year. That’s only natural given the customer unwind and the back ended nature of the new customer on-boarding. Largely, the drivers within the pharma business are consistent with what would have been true in previous years - Q3 will be where we see the branded inflation rolling through, and so not a lot of different news there that I would call out. From a med perspective, we’re very focused on executing against the plan. We’ve tried to be transparent every quarter about how we’re doing and where we see it going, which is why we were purposeful in calling out Q1 specifically as we push ahead. We’ve had great success during fiscal year ’25 and accomplished what we told you we were going to do, and we plan to do that again. Just want to be clear that we are investing in the business and there are some near term Q1 drivers that will make that rough number, what we call the up to $20 million as we carry forward. There’s no magic here, though - I want to be clear. The plan and the cadence is generally consistent with how we’ve described the GMPD improvement plan in the past. Of course, we have the benefit of the inflation mitigation now lapping as we push ahead, and of course we can’t forget the important topic of seasonality from a Q4 to Q1 perspective - we’ve called that out before, and that’s why you see a dip from the great results in Q4 into Q1.
Aaron Alt: Sure, so as I commented earlier, the team did a great job of assessing our opportunities in the face of the customer non-renewal, but I guess I would go back and point out that at the end of the day, we operate a 1% operating margin business, so it’s important for us to always be mindful of the cost structure around us, but with a north star of how do we continue to ensure our customer service. We have been pleased that the reviews we undertook during Q4, the actions we identified will help us to offset the near term impact of customer loss, but more importantly they create a more efficient operational structure for us, and the changes are broad ranging across the enterprise with that north star ensuring we continue our customer service focus as we push ahead. Many of the changes have already been implemented and we’re operating in that new framework already. We continue to assess what are the productive opportunities, and I also would emphasize that the ideas for these changes are coming from our broader teams as they look around and say, okay, how can we operate better in support of our existing customers and the new customers on the line.
Aaron Alt: Yes, appreciate the question. The answer is there is no comparability issue. The 175 is unimpacted by the revisions that we provided in the financials today. The revisions we provided were for the three-year period. There will be--there is an impact of shifting of income or expense into the prior periods as well, which is why you’re not seeing direct comparability as we carry forward. I do want to emphasize, though, that part of our operation here is building and maintaining a strong [indiscernible] environment, and as we identified the issue in the Edgepark part of our at-home business, which is part of other, it was a revenue recognition issue tied to a business which does less than half a percent of our overall revenue base. We were careful to do the right thing and disclose, and at the same time in partnership with our auditors decided that we would reflect the feedback we’ve gotten from this community and others around comments around non-recurring adjustments in prior periods, etc., and so now we walk into fiscal ’25 not only with comparability but with a clean set of financials, unimpacted by timing to be able to talk about our progress as we carry forward.
