Michael Kaufmann: Thanks for the question, John. This is -- first of all, we're really excited and pleased to extend our partnership with CVS. As you know, they've been a long-term customer of ours. Well, I can tell you that the contract is for a 4-year period. Actually, the new pricing goes into effect July 1. And other than that, it's same business and same typical structure that we've had in the past. Nothing that I would call out differently.
Michael Kaufmann: And as far as the competitive environment in the Medical side, we continue to see a competitive environment, no differently than we really have in the past. I, obviously, don't want to comment on any specific competitor, but I think the dynamics are similar than they have been in past. We feel really good about our value proposition. And we really want to make sure that we're focused on winning and retaining the customers that appreciate our value proposition, which is being both a strong distribution medical business and a products company that people see as someone that can bring them equal to or better products at lower cost.
Michael Kaufmann: Thanks, Lisa. I think Jorge -- from what he said, I think, emphasizes a few things. First of all, I think there are some things that were very fixable in a short-term period, and we put the people on that and we've made very good solid progress. Some of the other things, for instance, evaluating our global manufacturing footprint, looking at our U.S. distribution footprint. We believe there's areas for opportunity to streamline and maximize the efficiency in both our manufacturing and distribution footprints as well as the overall supply chain. Those aren't going to happen overnight. Those are going to take time as we work through those because ultimately, as much as we'd like to go faster, for us, the most important thing is keeping our eye on our customers and we don't want to do anything that would disrupt the overall demand for the products, which we continue to see strong, and we still believe in our value proposition. So it's truly balancing what we know our opportunities and our footprint making sure that we don't let any customers down.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. In generics, we really look at all of the factors, which to us, are the inflation, deflation rates, launches, penetration, the ability of Red Oak to take out cost. And when we look at combining all of those together, we still continue to see our generics program to be a significant headwind for us both in Q3 and for the entire year. So I wouldn't necessarily say that we've seen any one of those components change dramatically within those various components of the program, just that it continues to be consistent with prior quarters versus seeing some of the improvement we would obviously like to see.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. It's hard to comment on other people's views of generics based on the fact that we all have different mixes and we may defining and putting different things in various buckets, but I would tell you that we do see it as more consistent with the prior quarters. And again, would not say that we have noticed any one factor. As you know, we've said that's beginning in the year that we expected that all those components to be a net headwind for us, and it has been a net headwind for us for the year, it has been the most significant one. And other than so far what we're seeing through three quarters is consistent market dynamics, it's really hard for me to comment on ours compared to someone else.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. I guess when we're talking about consistent, what we're talking about is that when we take a look at deflation rates, we look at the value that we're going to get from launches, et cetera. Those are basically tracking where we expected. The deflation rate is relatively consistent quarter-to-quarter. And so we -- for us, it's -- again, it's a net headwind, and so we're continuing to see consistent net headwind quarter-to-quarter not necessarily at this point in time through 3 quarters seeing that headwind reducing.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes, this contract was strictly on the distribution side. Our Red Oak agreement still has 5 years left on that agreement. The first 5 years will expire here at the end of roughly June 30, and then we have another 5 years left on that, so there's no current need to address that contract. Although things continue to go really well with Red Oak. Love the team and love the partnership that we've had with CVS on that. As far as deal goes, yes, it is -- the new pricing does go in effect July 1 for us. And I would say that it was -- there was nothing about it that I would say was different than what we would expect in the marketplace for customers of this size, in importance and how they're growing. And we feel that it's a fair and appropriate renewal, and are excited to have the business for 4 more years.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. I think just some quick comment on that. Remember last year, there was -- we had made earlier comment around 5 60 in the marketplace and then we had decided that it would be -- because of that, we gave a little bit around that. Last year it was different, but that is not our typical and it's not something that we would typically do. We want to stay disciplined to being around our August earnings time.
Michael Kaufmann: Thanks for the question. It's really hard to say. And again, that would be really more around giving guidance, and we just want to stay away from that. For us it's just -- again, just want to keep emphasizing that it continues to be a significant headwind for us in FY '19 for us. And the market dynamics across our various components have remained consistent, but we'll give some more color to your question in August around not only our results for our Q4 but what our thoughts are obviously around that for our fiscal '20.
Michael Kaufmann: I guess it's a couple different components. I know Jorge went through the detail here, but we've got, as you said -- as he said, he's got the ETR benefit we've had so far this year. Now we expect it to be higher in Q4. And we've changed our Medical guidance for the year, so we would obviously have taken down what we expect our Medical segment earnings to be. And then we've mentioned some other opportunities like the Pharma business doing -- obviously, it's going to offset some of that are expense initiatives. So think it just a total of all those when you look at it. We feel like our new guidance is the best indication of where we think will finish for the year.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. It's an interesting question. I would say that - I would not say that overall, that we're seeing less generic suppliers. There's clearly been a lot of public discussion around some of the larger ones rationalizing their supply chain in their portfolio of products. But at the same time, we're seeing the FDA approve generic drugs at a record pace, we're still seeing suppliers from outside the United States come in both on newer drugs as well as opportunities on the old -- some of the older drugs. And most importantly, whether there's 5 or 10 players, probably doesn't make as much of a difference for us because as long as there is certain amount of competition we're going to be able to go get the cost that we need to from a Red Oak perspective and when we've seen it start to get to maybe fewer suppliers on certain specific items than we wanted, Red Oak has done a nice job of working with companies to either get them back in supply or find ways to get agreements to continue to get the cost. So I wouldn't say that I've seen a material difference in the net overall number of suppliers on items, although you can always pick 1 or 2 items where you might see significant changes.
Michael Kaufmann: So I think that what we've said in the past is that when you look at all of the components, when you take a generic deflation, which we at Cardinal define as sell-side deflation, and you net it against launches, penetration and the ability for Red Oak to go reduce cost on existing items, the net of all that is a net headwind for us for this year and has been for the quarter, and for the year so far. So it's kind of exactly what you're saying is that we're seeing more pressure on the sell side, and we are able to offset that with launches, penetration and cost decreases, and we're seeing margin shrink.
Michael Kaufmann: Well, remember Q3 is the quarter that is always going to be the quarter that has seasonality and the most seasonality and related to brand price increases in the January time frame. And so while those came in roughly about where we expected, I would say for us, the quarter came in about where we expected it to be in Pharmaceutical. So I wouldn't call out any individual item being significantly better or worse than we actually anticipated for the quarter.
Michael Kaufmann: Thanks, that's a good question. I would say --it appears what we're hearing from manufacturer. I think we continue to have very open and transparent conversations with manufacturers. We have been -- as contracts expire, we continue to work through the wording to make sure that we are protecting ourselves in the case of sudden changes in WAC prices that might potentially alter our dollar earnings from those manufacturers. The conversations with manufacturers around the fact that if there were any changes around that, we would need to work together because we still need to earn the dollars that we deserve based on the value of the services we provide. And so you take that with constantly talking to them about ways to help them reduce their cost, improve their service levels, provide other services. I would say conversations with manufacturers continue to be fruitful, positive and very transparent about all the various things that we're seeing out there that could impact both of us.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. I'll take the first part on the issue related to ethylene oxide is what I'm assuming you're talking about there, and then I'll let Jorge talk about accretion part. As far as the ethylene oxide issue, that wouldn't really have had an incredibly minor impact on us for the quarter. Now that being said, it's something we have our eye on. We think it's important. It's used widely across the entire industry to sterilize products, so it's something that is -- would impact everyone in the industry including our competitors and manufacturers. So it's important to the industry on that but for the quarter it was immaterial. And like I said, at this point in time we continue to look at alternatives and make sure that we're prepared in case there are any other changes related to that.
Michael Kaufmann: That's right. That's the sterilization method that, that plant uses. There are several different types of sterilization methods but that is what that plant is using that I was referring to.
Michael Kaufmann: For the most part, I think the big driver in Specialty is really -- the overall market growth is a big component of it. I mean obviously, we feel very good about our offering and how we our competing in the marketplace and our discipline around cost structure are -- also our upstream services business and continues to grow but I think the biggest factor in Specialty really is strong market growth that we're able to take advantage of.
Michael Kaufmann: Yes. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As you can see we continue to execute our plans and position Cardinal for future growth, and we really look forward to reporting on our progress with you over the next several months and then particularly, August when we talk about our FY '20. Thanks, and have a great day, everybody.
Jorge Gomez: Let me take that question. Good morning. Yes. We feel that we had a difficult quarter in Medical in Q3. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, the largest driver in the quarter was the performance of our Cardinal brand products. Within that, I think there are 2 key buckets: the first one is just the normal market dynamics that we normally overcome through actions around mix and commercial efficiency and volume. This time and in this quarter, we were not able to offset those dynamics because there were additional challenges from a supply chain cost integration work that resulted in backorders and higher expenses as we were trying to meet on commitments to our customers. Those are kind of 2 main things. This is what we're doing about that.  We clearly have deployed a number of teams to work on the short-term issues around operational efficiency, below-target service levels, and we are seeing improvements in that. Our service levels and backorder trends towards the end of the quarter were improving. And in fact, in the U.S., our service levels are reaching now a 6-month high. But from a long-term perspective, we have -- I mentioned this in my remarks as well, we are working on global product and geography rationalization to simplify our business, we are trying to optimize our supply chain, and we are making some good strides on that. And working in our selling strategies as well. Obviously, all of these actions have different time lines, and some of them are being executed very quickly. And as I said before, we're seeing improvements. All initiatives will take a little bit longer. Overall, we're actually encouraged with the underlying demand of this business, and we have a very strong conviction about the value proposition we're bringing to our customers every single day.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Thanks, Lisa, for the question. The cost challenges, I guess, expand over all of the areas of the P&L. So from a manufacturing perspective, we have, as you indicated -- commodities is actually one of a headwind and there are other elements within cost that are creating some short-term challenges. And then the overall supply chain as we finish integration work and as we continue to improve our network, especially outside the U.S., we have experienced a higher cost, which essentially stems from the fact that we want to make sure that we balance cost with servicing our customers at the best possible level. So all of those areas of the P&L from a cost perspective impacted the segment this quarter.
Jorge Gomez: Just, Bob, to be clear, the change in expectations in the segment was mostly driven by volume issues related to our own internal challenges in terms of bill rates, and we had backorders throughout the quarter. So as I indicated from a demand perspective, we are seeing -- we haven't seen any major change -- any changes that since last time we talked about Medical. So it's mostly related to volume issues within our business.
Jorge Gomez: No. Actually, our cost initiatives are tracking ahead of our internal plan. What happened this quarter is that some of those savings, we actually had to redirect and reinvest to try to fix up some of the short-term challenges that we're seeing in Medical, so that's why weren't seeing the entire benefit of cost savings dropping to the bottom line because we have been -- we have used those to cover some of the short-term challenges. But the initiatives are very much on track. And in fact, every quarter, we are gaining more confidence in those targets, and we will exceed the target for this year.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. I think really nothing has changed fundamentally, but as we indicated we have been extremely disciplined and strict about return metrics and thresholds for investment. And then when you add that to bandwidth and the thing that we're trying to take care of in the short term, we believe that the new amount that we are guided to is a reasonable fluid amount for this year.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Let me take the question. The -- I'd say we've been very transparent about the performance of the Cardinal brand products this quarter and the issues we are facing with respect to volume in that part of the business. Overall, the biggest parts -- the business unit within the segment, they are performing not too far from where we thought they would be, but certainly, we have some short-term challenges that we are facing. We have some businesses within the core legacy businesses, if you will, that are performing very well. As I Indicated before we have at-Home have services doing really well. And Patient Recovery -- although -- Patient Recovery were still on track to meet our operation goal that we set for this year. It is probably the projections we have now or probably lower than what we thought due to the volume challenges, but we are on track to meet the accretion goal that we have for fiscal '19.
Jorge Gomez: The underlying revenue trends in the segment, as I indicated, when you exclude dispositions and FX, the business is tracking pretty much in line with the market and with the expectation, so no major changes there.
Jorge Gomez: Good morning, Kevin. Thanks for the question. As Mike indicated before, at this point, it's too early for us to start talking about trends going into next year. But obviously, we have taken down the guidance for the rest of the year. It reflects what the challenges that I discussed before that we are seeing. And we had a good first half. The second half of the year is going to be relatively consistent in terms of the challenges. And that's why we've taken the guidance for Medical for Q4. I think it's too early to start talking about the things that we're seeing going into fiscal '20.
Jorge Gomez: Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. This is -- we normally don't provide any guidance into next year at the end of Q3. Our typical cadence for providing color into the next fiscal year is during our August call, so we are not changing that. This is just not consistent with our typical practices. And my comments in terms of not giving color about Medical, it applies to the entire corporation and all the numbers across the enterprise.
Jorge Gomez: Charles, your question about Patient Recovery. So I said before that we are on target this year. We are -- for the disruptions that we experienced in the last quarter or so, we are below what we thought we were going to achieve this year from a -- in terms of the growth from Patient Recovery, but again within the accretion targets. Similar to any other parts of the business at this point we don't want to get into any trends going into '20. We will do that in August, but as of now this is how this quarter is trending. Within the fiscal '19, we are trending below what we thought we would achieve with Patient Recovery this year.
Jorge Gomez: And Charles going back to your question about Patient Recovery and going into the future. Obviously, the business case was designed and our expectations continue to be that we will improve the results -- the performance of this business over time especially as the synergies kick in. The synergies are expected to accrue over a few years. And when we think about those synergies at this point right now during this fiscal year we are on track with that trajectory.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Ross, just to one of your specific points about certain market and being in the right place, as we indicated a couple of times in the past and even today, part of the work we're doing is looking at our entire global portfolio, looking at geography rationalization opportunities. A few -- a couple of quarters ago, we talked about a few small geographies that we exited, and that is an ongoing work. We will always look at opportunities to improve our footprint. And in some cases, potentially add and in many other cases, exit in geographies and certain product lines in certain places. So that is all part of the ongoing strategic work that John and team are doing.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. So this year, as you may recall, the number that we have included in our Pharmaceutical segment, which by the way we include all the opioid litigation expenses in Pharmaceutical, those are tracking in line with the guidance we provided a couple of quarters ago. So we are probably -- at some point, we said it was like about $80 million including some factories in New York that we ended up unwinding. So we're probably $70 million area plus or take -- plus or minus a few million dollars. And so that is a major headwind for us this year. And obviously, we work really hard to make sure that we offset that with all cost-savings initiatives, but it's trending in line with what we were expecting for this year.
Jorge Gomez: Yes. Ricky, this is Jorge. The drivers for the fourth quarter are the same drivers that we have experienced throughout the year. So obviously, what happens with our generics programs is an important factor. The Specialty business has been trending above expectations for us throughout the year, has done really, really well, and that is a swing factor as well. I think the type of savings we are able to achieve with our programs -- internal programs, that is another important factor. So there is nothing new that I could point to that is driving the range that you're talking about for Q4.
