George S. Barrett: Yes, sure. Why don't I take it? I'll touch on, first, the general environment, and then -- and maybe a little bit more specific around Ranbaxy. So let's start with this. We've indicated and you've heard, and Jeff reiterated, that it's been a bit of an unusual stretch in pricing. We've seen price increases on a number of products, and the number is above what we have historically seen. But I'd remind you here that we carry thousands of generic products, and so when we look at this period, fewer than 5% of these products are experiencing meaningful price increases. So just again, recognize that it's a relatively small subset of the generic portfolio. It is difficult, and Jeff said this, to predict, as you look forward. I think just taking the appropriate assumption here that the recent months have been somewhat unusual and that this dynamic moderates going forward. As it relates to the Ranbaxy problems, again, this is a by-product of some work that we've seen with FDA. The FDA certainly increased its capacity to do inspections outside of the U.S. Clearly, for some companies, that has posed a challenge or a spill-in [ph] for the certain facilities. We, as you would imagine, are very careful to make sure that we stay on top of all the global supply dynamics and, in many cases, utilize multiple sources as a result. I would not say that the specific story around Ranbaxy will have any impact on our business as we look to the rest of the year and going forward. So it's -- they're a player in our mix, but one of many, and won't have any impact on us going into the rest of the year.
George S. Barrett: Sure. So why don't -- again, it's George, I'll take this again. We've actually had great support from our customers. It's been a noisy stretch, as you know, in the last year. And I think given some of that noise in the market, in many ways, it's been reassuring to our customers that we'll always be in the best position to keep them competitive. And so I would say, generally, we've had great support. I would also add that I think making sure that our joint venture was really a 50-50 relationship really told our customers or other customers that no external party would be dictating or influencing our strategy to serve them. So I would say, thus far, we've had really good support from our customers.
George S. Barrett: Why don't I start and then maybe I'll turn it to Jeff. So here's -- you know that we have a pretty broad portfolio. We tend to because of size of certain of our business lines talk only about 1 or 2. It's very common that, that's what happens. But reality is we have a lot of business lines. And actually, what's been happening is many of them are going well. It's one of the nice things about having a portfolio, you have some [ph] of these puts and takes. We've been getting some pretty good performance across-the-board. And so I think that, that's really largely what's at work. So as we said, on our Medical business, while utilization has been sort of stopped, our focus on key strategic accounts and on key business lines, on mix has been really helpful to us. Our team's doing great job there. On our Pharmaceutical segment, we're getting growth in specialty. Obviously, we talked about generics and our work there. And so I think it's really sort of a balance issue, but maybe I'll let Jeff jump in and provide a little more color.
George S. Barrett: Bob, it's a really good question and a hard one to answer. This is George. I'll start. But let me just offer this as a starting point in Pharma, which is sort of maybe something we forget often. In the big picture, in the United States, our Pharma spend is the smallest part of our challenge, when all said and done. By the way, that doesn't mean any individual who's got a very expensive drug that they're -- they've been prescribed doesn't have challenges, but we're talking about a small percent of our overall spend. And actually, as you know, systemically, the growth of Pharmaceutical spend has actually been slowing. So I do think part -- as you know, part of that is sort of the level of generic penetration. So from a big picture standpoint, as a health system, actually our bigger challenges are really in our medical system than in Pharmaceuticals. Now having said that, we do think that there are periods that can be a little bit more unusual. This has been sort of on the generics side probably more noteworthy. It's really difficult to predict what's going to happen, but I do think it's always worth reminding ourselves that when we look at the Pharmaceutical segment, really, what you have is a huge number of products that are generic and highly generic, meaning penetration is extraordinarily high, and then a number of typically more specialty drugs that have unique characteristics. And I think that is a trend that we'll continue to see. And so I think, in a way, I think our model, we feel very strong about the model. We're extremely efficient. We work very well with our manufacturers. I think our fee-for-service kind of system is working and is working efficiently. And so, as I said, sort of in the big picture, I think you'd have to look at Pharmaceutical system as relatively efficient across-the-board. That doesn't mean that individual products wouldn't get some attention for their pricing, and we'll just have to continue to watch for them. But I think, in general, what we've done in our assumption is moderate our expectations as it relates to inflation just a little bit more to the historical norms and we thought that's the more cautious mode [ph].
George S. Barrett: So, Glen, I'll take the beginning of your question, then I'll let Jeff jump in with the second part. So actually, it's a really good question because it's a reminder of how many moving parts there are in a product -- in our product line that are thousands of product families with many, many suppliers, different length agreements and different buying models. So it -- I can't go through all the individual details, but I think the answer, Glen, is there are a million of them. And actually, it's sort of the irony, as we talk about, this is a very straightforward design, which I think it is, taking out all the operational complexity, at least logistical complexity, but just simply aligning buying strategies, policies, procedures, existing contracts and commitments, is not a small piece of work. And so we have to do that in a very efficient way. It's already underway, and we feel good about that progress. But it is a lot of moving parts, and I'm really glad that we've got 2 talented teams that know what they're doing.
George S. Barrett: Let me just add again, with all the millions of moving parts we just described, we are really excited about this. I think we really know that the U.S. is the largest generic market in the world. It's a single market, it's got secured and known financing systems, incredibly important to manufacturers. And so I'm really excited about being able to put these 2 teams together to do work in this environment. And we think it's going to create great opportunities for us and for our customers and for our manufacturers, so we're excited about it.
George S. Barrett: So, Glen, I'll start. Here's what I would say about -- if you remember, when we acquired AssuraMed, we told you that, essentially, it has 2 components. One is basically a B2B business and one is more of a B2C part of the business. The part that we're seeing more dramatic uptake is in the B2C side. And so we expected that, systemically, this would be an area of growth. We think that their demographics are clear, that more patients will be treated in the home. And then as you also know, hospitals will be penalized for readmissions. And so I do think that we expect sort of systemic growth here. We also believe that we have a certain kind of scale, a tremendous sort of billing capabilities, a very high-touch model and that we're an attractive referral here. So what's happening is we're getting perfect [ph] referrals from physicians, from payers that's driving that business, and I think our high-touch model really worked. So I think that's the part of the business that I would say has been driving it and probably outperforming.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So this really relates, I think, in many ways to the sort of what we think of as the physician preference items. We've started -- if there's a spectrum: at one end being products that are extremely highly clinically differentiated; then the other end, products that tend to be really not clinically differentiated. We've sort of focused on the lower end, and I think that makes sense as we're sort of building presence and building credibility in the market with this program. So trauma was a very smart place for us to start. There's a huge amount of interest from our customers, and we're working there up the Ortho line. Wound management is another area that we've been working on. So we are carefully analyzing every line with this question of where -- how much clinical differentiation exists in a given product line and where does it not exist. And I think that's allowed us to start to build sort of a strategy of moving along that spectrum. And we're still at the sort of early end of that. But I'm very excited about it. I think our customers will see a big opportunity if we can continue to execute.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Sure, Tom. I mean, this is, again, it's a bit of a long story, so I'll try to summarize it. So obviously, we can provide the traditional medical/surgical supplies that we've always been able to do. We also can support them both in their acute-care centers and in their ambulatory centers within a line of products that includes surgical kits. We can do freight management. We can do RFID tagging. We do consulting on operational excellence. We do what we call ValueLink, which is essentially where we actually stage all the materials in our warehouses, so it's a purely, truly just-in-time system. So I think we can tell them, we can serve both your acute-care centers, we can serve your oncology clinic, we can serve your physicians' offices. So it's a combination of lines of business and touch points across what is an increasingly complex system, the entire continuum. And in many cases, we can follow that patient to the home. And so that's the overall picture. And I think the more the system integrates, the more complexity is introduced into it, the more that plays to our ability to say, "I think we can provide some solutions to deal with this complexity."
George S. Barrett: I would say -- I don't know that there has been a monumental change in market share. I think we're doing a really good job with our key customers. I think we've done some segmentation to know who's likely to be a winner and most likely to be able to draw on the tools that we bring. There's always some movement up and down of customers back and forth. But I don't think there's been huge share swings as much as it's been our ability to drive value for existing customers as they change their configuration. I think we have seen a share of wallet changes though within the hospitals where we may have been servicing the hospital itself, and we were able to win their large ambulatory network as a result of that experience. And those are the customers that are actually winning in the market right now, these large complex IDNs that have both strong acute settings, but also ambulatory settings that are tending to be the hospitals that are winning share in the market and being very successful. And then obviously, those are important customers to win with.
George S. Barrett: So let me start. We probably can't give complete line of sight on the opportunity. I would say that it's really sort of early days. So today, we're just really scratching the surface on the acute-care side, which has been primarily where our Preferred products have been going. What's really interesting is our customers, those 10 customers are beginning to realize that there's real value driver. Because I think, in a sense, Lisa, it's not going to be enough for people to squeeze 1 more basis point out of a procurement. What really is going to matter is changing behavior and consolidating the number of products that you use, being more efficient about that, is a change of behavior that can really be valuable to a system. The other thing I would note is that we basically have had no Preferred product position in the ambulatory care to-date or in the home, very little. And so, I think we see opportunities to expand in the acute-care centers, but also in these other channels where basically we haven't really even touched the opportunity. So we're pretty excited about this, because it really is kind of a sort of change of behavior that has material value to our customers versus just squeezing out 1 more basis point from the supply system. The second part, I think, Jeff. I'll let Jeff.
George S. Barrett: I'd probably just want to add again, just as a reminder, it is a tough system out there. So the other thing that we tried to do is really focused on efficiency. And you've heard us talk about that over the last year. And so it's both creating the opportunities for those customers and also recognizing that, in this kind of system, we've got to be incredibly efficient and we work really hard at that.
George S. Barrett: And I would also add that particularly these very expensive drugs -- biopharmaceutical companies are very careful about how they do this and manage it pretty carefully. So it's not a giant swing factor for us.
George S. Barrett: For that, I wish I could answer that one, John. I'm going to try, though. It is been -- and you probably heard this from other companies, really difficult to tease out a discernible trend on overall utilization and consumption. You probably heard some people talk about sort of late year spiking and whether not that might have to do with some benefit design issues around the system. I've heard people speculate that there were some apprehension about whether or not -- the changes in policy of the Affordable Care Act might influence their future access to -- their position. And so we tried to sort of look at all that. But to be really honest, we just can't tease it out. There are so many moving parts, so I don't think I could say there's a discernible trend. What we can say is, we see a procedure utilization. So there are certain things that we can see. We see in-hospital, ambulatory and what I would say is that, that trend -- the softness that we're seeing in acute-care procedures is probably one that we would highlight. But I don't know that I could say, we could identify a particular trend right now, just because there's so much noise in the system and so many moving parts. And I think it's just going to take a while for this to shake out. We've not seen -- I would say any uplift, and I'm sure you've heard, as you follow the insurers, any particular uplift from new patients in the system yet, not at this stage. Just one additional comment on utilization. We always tend to focus on the hospital and physicians' office settings, but, I think it's important to keep in mind that we have another very important channel and that's the home, and we still see that market growing at a rate of 6% to 8%, which is obviously very encouraging and very important going forward.
George S. Barrett: Let me touch that. I think there is -- I'll do this carefully. I think there is an interesting evaluation that any company now has to do as it relates to their own scale relative to what's happening systemically. I do think that may raise some interesting opportunities, but I do think that the gap between some of the larger players and the larger purchasers of generics, and smallers -- it might be widening. And so, if I am a smaller player now, I'd probably have to think carefully about what's the most efficient way for me to source my generic products. And I do think that given some of the changes in the market, there's probably a lot of, I would say, probably, a lot of evaluation going on in many offices to try to figure out the most efficient way, given some of the dynamics in the market. So we're hoping that, that represents an opportunity for us, but it's too early to say.
George S. Barrett: Greg, it's a good question. And I think -- I am going to try answer this along 2 dimensions. Well, the first part is, yes, because you asked about whether or not it's primarily on the lower end, the left if we were diagramming it. I think the answer to that is, yes. It's clearly on the more commoditized end today. So think about growth, our growth plans work along 2 dimensions. You might even say 3. Let's say dimension one: Increase penetration with existing accounts, who tend to be acute-care hospital focused from as long as [indiscernible] most procedures are. So that's one dimension. Second dimension would be our new channels. So as those opportunities might arise in surgery centers or ambulatory settings, that's a second dimension. And the third, which is actually really exciting, is moving along that spectrum, would be moving upward and to the right towards products that, actually, when you really examine the data, you discover that are probably not clinically all that referenced. So it's really both going forward, with [indiscernible] physician referenced items. And probably if we look at a time horizon, it sort of the new product adding new dimensions is probably a little bit further out as we go, and that's from the time respect [ph].
George S. Barrett: Yes, certainly not about stents, but about the general direction. Here's what I would say. I think this is not a new discovery. I mean, I think if you look inside a complex health system, they would probably understand that historically, the departments sort of ruled and so what happened was every department has their own preferences, physicians have their own preferences and the system was able to accommodate that. But I think, it's been understood for quite some time that, that probably could be done more efficiently. Here's a noteworthy change. The noteworthy change, is that given some very different environmental forces, the more senior folks in the hospital are more aligned with the fact that something needs to be done about this, and I want to actually say that physicians are on board as well. So I think there's more of an awareness inside that health system with a changing demographic and a changing regulatory environment and changing reimbursement environment, that they need to focus on this area of inefficiency and we're helping them do that. So if that makes sense to you. So it's not just our promoting it, it's hospitals and health systems recognizing that they should take action on it, and I think that's probably a noteworthy change over these last year or 2.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So here's the way you ought to think about this: I think our joint venture itself is really dedicated to the global procurement of generic products for the U.S. market specifically. Obviously, our relationship with CVS Caremark is deep, and having this joint venture certainly, only strengthens it. So we'll continue to look for opportunities to see how we can collaborate in areas that create value, and if specialty is one of those areas, certainly, we will explore it. But don't think of it as a part of the joint venture. I would think, just to make life simple, think of the joint venture as specifically dedicated to this generic procurement strategy, but certainly we'll explore and continue to explore other ways to create value for one another.
George S. Barrett: So, look, it's been a longer call, but great questions, and we appreciate that. All the good questions. We appreciate your continued interest in Cardinal Health, and I wish all of you the best for the New Year. And we'll see you all soon.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I agree [ph]. As I said in my remarks, we really had good performance across-the-board in the Pharma segment. I mean, you briefly mentioned China, Ross. And, yes, we had a very good quarter in China. Now, we expected that. We expect very big things from our China operation, and albeit it's still a relatively small contributor to the overall profit of the corporation, we do expect strong growth there, and we very much got it [ph], in spite of the fact that the market was a little turbulent in the quarter. As George said, specialty posted good revenue and profit growth in the quarter. And we're really seeing our specialty team, they've really hit critical mass in terms of distribution size. They'll take advantage of that positioning to offer other services to manufacturers and providers and payers and that's beginning to drive the profit line for them. Interestingly, we saw better-than-expected results in Nuclear as well, and our team there is doing a really good job of responding to a very tough environment. And we've seen some -- a product, in particular, do quite well for that business. So we are seeing some good trends in Nuclear as well. Yes, it was a very encouraging quarter in many respects, that we really were hitting on all cylinders in most of the business within Pharma. Likewise, on the Med side, I highlighted a few things which were really important to us. One is the continued growth and impact of our home health platform and the fact that we tried to identify some external asset that we can bolt on to that, that are very accretive to us. So that was the great sign, in addition to the growth of the underlying business there. And the overall growth of that market, which is growing, looks like somewhere in the 6% to 8% range. And then finally, the 7% growth in strategic accounts is also very important. And these are accounts, by the way, that we've identified within our portfolio as being very large networks of hospitals and ambulatory sites that tend to buy a lot of our product and services because of the complex operations, and we can provide a host of services and products to them that can help them manage those networks. And seeing 7% growth in that portfolio was also very encouraging. So lots of good news to report for the quarter.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I think it's a fairly attractive environment right now for the types of assets we're looking for. Particularly now that we've got a year, for example, of AssuraMed under our belt in terms of integrating that core platform into our business, our ability now, in turn, to find smaller tuck-ins that make sense to bolt-on to that platform, has increased. And as we've been looking for those assets, we're certainly pleased by what we've seen, including the 2 that we did in Q2. In China, we continue to do small tuck-ins. We completed 2 more in the second quarter, one which really gave us additional geographic expansion into a new region and the other was the one that George referenced that added to our specialty pharmacy network and gave us e-commerce capabilities. So we'll continue to pursue those types of acquisitions. I would say though, those tend to be relatively small acquisitions, but very important to building on our strategy in time. I'd say more broadly, we continue to see small to midsized assets that makes sense for the portfolio. And to the extent the price is right and the economics makes sense, we have the platforms to put them on, and we remain encouraged about those possibilities.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, just 2 other things, Bob. We remain very committed to a dividend. As you know, we view the dividend payout we have as being an important part of the story, in conjunction with our earnings story, and we're committed to maintaining and growing that dividend over time. And as I indicated at the Investor Day, our target is to remain in the 30% to 35% payout range for our dividend. With regards to repo, the fact that we've done relatively small amounts [indiscernible], as I mentioned $50 million in Q1, really, has nothing to do with a reticence to buy back more shares. It more had to do with timing in the first half of the year. Our inability, for a good chunk of the year, really, to enter the market because of some pending announcements, which have since been announced, by the way.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Glenn, it's Jeff. On the question about payment, at the risk of confusing a lot of people, let me try to explain how that's going to roll out because it's not -- the actual accounting for the payment is not as straightforward as the actual cash flow. So as you know, we are committed to a payment of $25 million a quarter to CVS starting with the beginning of the joint venture and continuing for a period of 10 years, and that's a fixed $25 million payment each quarter. However, the actual accounting for that payment is more of an amortization over time and reflects accrued interest, et cetera. So the actual amount you'll see, particularly in the early quarters, will be slightly higher than the $25 million payment and, really, that's because of the way the payment gets discounted and accrued interest grows out over time. The second point I'll say is that depending on when all the final documentation gets completed with CVS, if that happens this year, we'll actually start amortizing that payment as early as this year, and we expect that to begin as early as the beginning of Q4. Again, hopefully, I haven't confused everyone too much on that. With regards to your second question regarding benefit, we did say at our Investor Day that we expect the JV to be accretive to us in our fiscal '15. We continue to stand by that, which means that the benefits we would expect from the JV would more than offset the accounting of the payments next year. And as I said, the accounting of those payments next year will be slightly more than $25 million a quarter. So that gives you a rough idea, sort of our minimum expectations for the benefits next year. We also do expect that they will phase in over time. If the JV starts on July 1, we definitely wouldn't expect all the benefits to start on July 1. It'll take a good part of a year for us to really ramp up to what I would describe as the more full run rate.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: So Glen, just continuing on that, just going through the various elements of the business. On the Medical side, I would say, as we said, the AssuraMed has outperformed our original view of expectations and it continues to grow very well. But I wouldn't necessarily say it was the biggest surprise in the quarter. We expected it to do well, and it delivered on that. Elsewhere on the Med side, I think the growth of our strategic accounts has been a very positive surprise for us. We've invested a lot in those accounts in terms of products and services, and we expected good things. But I think we've seen some growth that is even above what we would've expected, so that was great to see. On the Pharma side, I would say there were 4 or 5 areas that performed better than we expected in Q2. Generic inflation was better as we alluded to. The core performance of the generics portfolio was better than we expected. Brand inflation was a little bit better than we expected. And both specialty and Nuclear outperformed our expectations in Q2. So I hope you can understand why we're pretty excited about the quarter. We saw a lot of very good results across-the-board. It's probably driven by the environment, granted, but a lot also driven by just the strong performance of our organization.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I would say Preferred products were a driver of dollar growth in the quarter. And I think what was also very exciting was the continued increase we're seeing of Preferred products in our overall portfolio as a percent of gross margin. As you may recall at our Investor Day, Don Casey indicated that our target was to get the Preferred products to at least mid-40s%, 45% as a percent of gross profit for the segment by fiscal '17. And for reference, he gave a historical number, which was in the mid-30%s. Actually, in our Q2, I would describe that percentage mid- to upper-30%s. So we've already seen a tick up, and we expect to continue that trend over the next couple of years as we achieve our target. So yes, there are a lot of things that are driving the overall net margin expansion in Med. Obviously, the growth of the home health platform, the growth of strategic accounts and Preferred products were all important drivers of that very impressive margin rate increase in the quarter.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I would say, they're a relatively modest size. There were no huge changes of customers in the quarter. I would describe them as small to mid-size. But we continue to make good progress, with picking up some new customers and, as I said, our existing customers showed good growth in the quarter. So in both respects, it was very positive.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I would say both. I mean, it depends on the customer. Fortunately, we have some very strong customers in the market, CVS, for example, which continues to post very good results and obviously, we benefit from that as well. But in addition, we continue to sell customers the opportunities to buy more products from us, including generics, and we continue to have good success in doing that. And will continue to be a big theme of ours as we go out to increase our share of wallet with customers, if not win some new -- small to mid-size customers.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: A few comments to add there, Lisa. First of all, again, because our focus has been on some of these larger, more complex accounts, those also tend to be the accounts that have been continuing to consolidate, bought, buy [ph] others. And obviously, we benefit as they buy others, whether it'd be smaller hospitals or surgery centers or physician offices and as they continue to get bigger and more complex, both our size and our ability to service them there uniquely grows as well. But from a one point, to I'd state, in some cases, we're doing work that was previously done by the hospital itself. And really, that is a significant goal of ours to help the hospital focus on treating patients and allow us to manage their supply chain in a more comprehensive manner. And when we can do that, that's very much a win-win usually for the hospital and us, and then, I think in a couple of cases where we've picked up some additional ambulatory business that sort of -- was part of a larger hospital, they probably were some smaller players that were servicing those accounts that didn't necessarily have the ability to compete with us on the whole network. So it's -- all 3 of those have been part of the driving force.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. It's less than 20% of our branded gross margin now. And I would say, overall for the segment, it's well under 10% of the gross margin of the segment. So it's not near the significant swing factor that it would have been 5 or 10 years ago. And honestly, generally we're pretty good at predicting what the impact will be for the full year. I think the difficulty we always have, especially, these days, is guessing which quarter it's going to be in. So it does have the ability to swing a quarter fairly materially, and as I said, the swing from Q3 to Q2 probably, was about a $0.02 swing. But over the course of the year, it's a factor, but becoming increasingly less of a factor, and as I said, less than 10% of our gross margin in the segment.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I don't want to break down too much here, because AssuraMed is pretty much a part of our overall Medical segment. But obviously, it was a significant driver for the quarter. I would say, excluding AssuraMed, our revenue growth overall in the Medical segment was in the lower-single digits. And we felt some slight margin expansion on that.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: It's Jeff. I would say there are 3 significant drivers. The largest one, by far, was the performance of generics, both our core performance and the impact of price inflation. Second, was the rolloff of the WAG, which as you would expect, was lower-margin business than our average business in pharma. And then, I think, third was slightly higher brand inflation than we saw last year in Q2. Those were all 3, I'd say, material drivers, in that order.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: With respect to Walgreens inventory. No, we were taking title to the Walgreens inventory, which is why we recognized the sales on our income statement historically. But I would say, on average, we carried fewer days of inventory for Walgreens than I'd say the pharma segment on average. In part because a good chunk of the Walgreens business was bulk, and we would tend to hold bulk inventory for a relatively short period of time. But had to skew the overall WAG inventory down and make it lower than the overall average. So, that's why you saw an increase because of the mix shift. Bob, I forgot the first part of your question.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No, it does not. There is -- under the current structure, there is no inventory that flows through the JV. So really the only asset the JV has are the physical building it's in and the people that reside in there. The actual product flows flow through the respective companies.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: We haven't disclosed this publicly. But I will say that assets in general for businesses in China, particularly in our space, tend to be higher and really referring to working capital. And that's primarily because receivable days with hospitals, just by market convention, tend to be longer in China. They're closer on average to 80 days, and obviously they're much shorter in the U.S. So it is a more working capital-intensive business than our U.S. business. That's also by the way, why, we're looking at other areas to grow into that are much more capital efficient in China. So for example, our direct-to-patient business is a very asset-light business for the most part. So we continue to look for ways to improve our mix and improve our return on capital.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, the revenue growth for Specialty Solutions was 38% in the second quarter, which obviously continues the good revenue growth trend we've seen over the past couple of years. I would say the bulk of our business is still in the oncology space. We continue to build out into other areas, like rheumatoid arthritis and a few other emerging areas. But the bulk of the growth to-date has been in the oncology space.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Most of that growth is driven by sales through community oncologists. I will say, though, that we have seen a shift, and it's been a fairly well publicized shift over the past year or so of more infusions happening in hospital settings as the community oncologists have generally shrunk over the past year or so. That all said, the community space is still a very important and robust one and really, a very important part of our business and our growth story going forward.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Well, I mean, modest in size is a relative term, right? Just given the nature of pharma, it doesn't take a whole lot of customers to have a pretty significant dollar increase in revenue. And we saw good growth from our existing customers. It was really a combination of both of those. But your point that the revenue upside in pharma was a positive surprise to what a lot of people were expecting, I would agree with you. And, quite frankly, it was better than our plans as well. And I think that's a testament to our sales teams who have done a great job over the past year going out and letting customers know what we have to offer, offering creative solutions, and [indiscernible] pick up share of wallet. So, yes, I think the underlying trend that you pointed out was a very positive one.
