Michael C. Kaufmann: Hey, Eric. As you can imagine with a company with our breadth, not only in our commercial operations overseas, we also have manufacturing operations overseas. We are seeing FX being both positive and negative depending on which country we're talking about and whether or not we're talking about on the manufacturing side or on the commercial operations. And so, clearly with Cordis, we are getting some additional exposure with FX with 70% of that business being overseas, but to be able to actually get in any detail about how that FX will be impacting our business exactly, it's really difficult to do that, and not something at this time that I'd be comfortable with talking about. But it's something that we'll take a look at as we go forward and decide how much more color we can provide.
Michael C. Kaufmann: No, I wouldn't say there's a general rule of thumb because as one moves in one direction, often other ones could be moving in other directions so it's very difficult. Also as you can imagine with us just starting up with Cordis, we're just beginning to ramp up our hedging strategies and taking a look at all the things we can do in terms of hedging to be able to make sure that we have more consistent earnings. So it's just so early with the changes in the mix of our business, it's hard for me to be able to provide you a lot more detail than what I said, which is that right now, we see FX as a little bit of a headwind in the second half of the year, but other than that, I really can't give you more details.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Thanks, Ricky. I would tell you this. I think what we are trying to communicate there was that right now we're assuming that the moderation of generic pricing is steeper than we originally modeled at the beginning of the year. So generic pricing we expect to be a little bit more of a headwind in the second half than we had originally anticipated. Now as I've mentioned, there's other things going in the direction which is why we reaffirmed our overall guidance. But the two things that we think that would need to go back to more similar to the first half would be FX and generic pricing. If they were to return to more similar levels as where they were in the first part of this fiscal year, then that would enable us to get to the very high end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance.
Michael C. Kaufmann: That would be hard to do, Ricky. Clearly, Harvard, Cordis, Metro Medical are all providing revenue uplift for us but other than the fact that we said they are one of the components of our revenue and earnings growth, we still are just having really robust activities in growth with our existing and new customers, and to split that apart would be difficult and not something I think would be right for us to do right now.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, and I would just add that I think that we've been really focused on the day-to-day blocking and tackling, as well as the strategic priorities that we're on. So when it comes to things like focused on our SG&A to really making sure that we're investing in the right places and controlling that, staying insanely focused on the customer to deliver value to them and listening to what they need, I really like what both the M and the P teams are doing there, and then you take a look at the acquisition on – the acquisitions in how we're performing on those has been excellent, and then overall, just execution against our strategic priorities. So all those things also, I think, are helping contribute to our success.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, I agree. Our capital deployment policy hasn't changed. We still believe that CapEx is obviously number one on our list and then continuing with our differentiated dividend, and then we're going to look opportunistically at both M&A and share repurchases. And as George said, we're going to stay balanced and disciplined on that.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Let me start with first a couple things. I think first of all, our Cardinal Health brand product, even if you pulled out Cordis still we're able to grow. And so we were excited about the execution of the team being able to sell those products. So important to note even without Cordis, the Cardinal Health brand products did grow. As you know, there's many margin initiatives in Medical that we can get to go after getting to our aspiration of 5.75%. And as you know that by definition, an aspiration means it's something you can think you can achieve, but it's hard-to-reach and it's something that you've got to get out and execute and get a lot of things done to do and we're not backing away from that aspiration. But it's not only growing the Cordis product, it's the other Cardinal Health brand, it's growing the at-Home business, which also had a nice revenue growth this quarter. It's also our services business, which tend to be higher margin rates. And we've always said all along that to get to that rate there would probably be additional M&A to get there. And so we're going to continue to evaluate in a very disciplined way other M&A opportunities to reach that goal.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Obviously, George, I won't be able to get into lots of detail, but I'll give you a little bit of information to see if I can be helpful. First of all, we can make money in both an inflationary environment on generics or a deflationary environment. Historically, generics has been a deflationary environment and we've been able to make money in that. And so I look at it in two ways. Think about it this way: when generics are going up in price, you do make some inventory reevaluation income or some people call that buy side-margins. And so, in a deflating market, you don't make the upside on the inventory inflation but you're protected from any inventory exposure. You get floor stock adjusted. So you basically, in an inflating environment, make the money on the – the extra bucket of money on the inventory inflation, but in both environments, you're able to reprice to the customer and be able to adjust your pricing in order to work on your margins. But I think one of the keys you have to remember whether you're in an inflationary or a deflationary environment, every single day, our goal is to keep our customers competitive. And our pricing is based often – it's not often – is based on what we need to do to be able to sell the products and keep our customers competitive as they look at things like reimbursement that impact them every single day. And so that's really important to us. There's a lot more levers than just generic pricing. As I mentioned before, our ability to launch drugs effectively, penetrate current customers and existing customers. Red Oak has clearly been a driver of our ability there. There's just a lot of pieces to go together and it's hard to disconnect any one of those and try and quantify those when it's all blended together.
Michael C. Kaufmann: George, I'd like to follow up again just having had some experience outside the U.S. The supply chain for pharmaceuticals in the U.S. is the most efficient, has the highest line item fill rates, is the safest, and is the most secure the world. So I think that this is something that is important to our partners. We actually generally hear very positive things from them about that work, and that's important in terms of our value proposition.
Michael C. Kaufmann: I think also, Dave, just so you know, I think while cost and reimbursement are obviously incredibly critical to our customers, there's a lot of other services that we provide that are helpful to them. Helping them take capital out by helping them manage their inventory, helping giving them a broader array of private label products or physician preference products or helping them with various types of programs to run their business are also critical. And so we try hard to find more than – while we focus incredibly hard every day on getting, being – have the best cost to provide great pricing, there's a lot of other pieces that are critical.
Michael C. Kaufmann: It's clearly moderated significantly, so I would say it's very close to right almost a wash in between right now what we're seeing right now. So it's hard to say whether it's slightly inflationary or slightly deflationary, depending on the day of the week and where you are. But it has clearly moderated steeper than we had said. But again, while it's moderated more than we expected it to, we're doing really well overall in our overall generics program and like (44:50) the other components that are delivering valuable.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Garen. I wouldn't say anything's different. I'm not getting a different sense from the manufacturers. There's always a good negotiation every time one of these happen. Everybody wants to pay lower. We want to get paid more. We spend a lot of time talking about the various dynamics of the manufacturers' mix and whether their line extension's gone up or down, whether or not they've changed their mix as far as controlled drugs or refrigerated items. And so we work through all those. We have incredibly productive relationships with our manufacturers. And so I would tell you that the way these are going, still trending the way they have historically and they're still about 80% or so of the margins are coming from a non-contingent standpoint and roughly 20% or so are coming from what we call a contingent basis, which means that inflation can drive the actual value of the dollars when we talk about contingent versus non-contingent.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Our revenue overall was an overall revenue guidance increase. But as you can see, obviously, the Pharma segment has performed well but with the addition of Cordis and some other good activities. Medical also had a good top line growth, so but that was an overall to go from mid-teens to mid- to high-teens.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Okay. Yeah. From a movings parts standpoint, I would tell you that the two things that we said would moderate the shares, as we've talked about a couple times, was generic inflation, and as I've mentioned, it's moderated a little bit more than we had modeled. We expect generic launches for this year to be slightly less than this past year. But in terms of overall, our ability to source products is doing better. Our ability to penetrate existing and new customers is going very well. Our use of data and analytics and how we price our products is going really well. So, when you wrap it all together, I still feel like our overall generics program is performing about as we expected. But they're – it's just coming in a little bit differently. Other than that, I really can't split it down more. It's actually – even if I wanted to, it's incredibly difficult because they're all so interrelated on how we work with customers. It's very difficult to split it apart.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, remember, too, the oil price that you see every day is more of a spot market versus more of the forward curves. But at the beginning of the year, we had mentioned that we thought commodities would be a $10 million to $20 million good guy for us this year and that's still tracking essentially as we said it would at the beginning of the year. And then the other thing to remember is that we've employed a lot of – a host of hedging strategies. We've renegotiated our contracts over the last several years with manufacturers as well as, if you look at the overall supply line and our commitment to inventory, it takes about six months before any type of changes in commodities will have an impact on us. And then the last bucket is, is that we have a lot of different commodities and not all move with oil. And so, where probably five years to ten years ago, oil was a much better proxy for how our commodities will go. It's very different today when you look at our mix of commodities that we buy. Many of them do not move in correlation with oil at all.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, I think it's maybe – it's a little bit Red Oak, but really, this was really pre-Red Oak, was that probably about four years or so ago when we were reevaluating our overall way we buy generics. We made a very conscious decision that we would cut back on our spec buying and the way we managed inventory with generics. And we really want to focus on how can we be the best possible partner for our generic partners and trying to manage inventory more from a supply standpoint versus a pricing standpoint was the way that we felt that it would go. It was better for the manufacturers and we thought over the long run it would improve our relationships and hopefully make them stickier as well as lead to a better everyday low price for us. And so we did that. And that philosophy was also shared by CVS when we formed Red Oak is that our focus is, at Red Oak is how can we be the absolute best partner to our manufacturers? Obviously, we want get a great price, but we want to be transparent. We want to be easy to do business with. We want them to want to come do business with us, and one of that way is helping smooth out fluctuations in the supply chain, which is something that we've done for a while that I think maybe has made us a little different from an exposure standpoint to declines in pricing.
Michael C. Kaufmann: It's hard for me to say what my peers were doing. I won't comment on what they were doing. But I can just tell you that for us, managing inventory more around being a great partner and making it efficient in the supply chain was the focus for us versus other types of activities. Thanks, Steve.
Michael C. Kaufmann: Yeah, I would tell you that the majority of our growth was growth from our relationships with new and existing customers. Acquisitions were a smaller contributor of our overall growth but that's the best I can give you in terms of trying to size the two.
George S. Barrett: And Ricky, it's George, as a reminder, and I know I do this probably every call, but it's really important. This is a huge number of products in this line, so it doesn't take – that's one of the challenges always in modeling is that it doesn't take that many products moving to alter the overall equation. But in the big sense, it tends to be driven by a small percentage of the overall total of products.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, I mean, I would probably add, if you look at the revenue line, the contribution is not overwhelmingly coming from the forces (25:01), it's really our core business and our customers and new customers.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, good morning, Ross. This is George. I'll take that and Mike, jump in. I think the underlying characteristics actually feel as good as they have in some time. I think partly the value proposition across our lines of business, Ross, helps us to sell the individual lines of business, because I think what – we're going to our customers who basically have very new kinds of strategic and financial needs with a line of products and services that I think touch those hot buttons. And I think increasingly, that just allows us to strengthen the position of each of the lines. So our underlying business feels like it's going pretty well. Of course, it's always competitive out there, but I think we've done a good job of articulating that value proposition. We've also done a good job, I think, Ross, in some of our legacy lines of improving efficiency and reducing cost where necessary, and I think that was also an important thing for us to do over this last year. So I think in general, we feel good progress along many of the lines in the Medical segment.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, I'll try to speak to Cardinal. It's really – it's tricky for me to try to speak for peer group and I shouldn't and probably won't. I think – what I would say is that as you guys look at peer groups – again, we have many different competitors in different lines of business, and I always have to remind you of that, but I think every business is different. Everybody's product line is different, their product mixes are different, and their customer mixes are different. So from our standpoint, we've devoted a lot of energy over these last seven years to positioning ourselves both in terms of product line and in terms of customer mix to be on what we think are the right side of trends. And so again, this is not for me a comment on anybody else, but on our business. I think our teams have done a good job of segmenting our markets, understanding what their needs are and how we can attach value from our work to theirs. It's been a long process, but I think we're generally doing that fairly effectively. So it's a hard question to answer as a comparative answer, but I think I can describe our organization, which is very much focused on certain key trends and we have been for quite some time, and then really disciplined execution around priorities that tie to those.
George S. Barrett: Sure. I'll try. Good morning, Charles. This is a process. Obviously we have an enormous healthcare system that's been operating with a certain financing model for many, many years. So change doesn't happen overnight and we don't expect it to. So I think what's going to happen is we're – it's a process, we'll be living in a world in which both the fee-for-service model exists and alternate models are emerging. And I think again you can look around the country indifferent health systems and they're all responding differently. There are, of course, pressures from, as you said, the public and the private sector to move to some new financing levels models, which focus more on outcomes than activity. And I think everybody is at a different stage of adapting to that. What we've tried to do is make sure we're in a position to compete in either model. In a fee-for-service model, we know how to do that, and I think, as Mike said, we're very disciplined about that, but we've started to build some tools that allow us to be a valued partner in models that are emerging. So I think as you're describing it's a mixed bag around the system but the pressure is to move towards some kind of value based exists and that's probably true here, and it's probably true elsewhere in the world as well.
George S. Barrett: Yeah, that for us this is very hard to comment on. I would say this, as Mike highlighted in his commentary, we're got great financial capability, but for us it's always a question of strategic positioning, whether or not we see opportunities to enhance the capabilities, the scale, the efficiency of some operation we do or some market that ties onto some value that's really connected to a customer need. We'll continue to be op been minded about that as we have been. I don't think our view has changed as it relates to the overall balance of our capital deployment. We will look at that is one of the tools, and we'll continue to look if the opportunities are right. But we have the financial flexibility to do that and I think organizational capacity.
George S. Barrett: No. I think that's right. We're going to be – I think one of the things that you hopefully will see for us as we have tried to adapt quickly where we need to, so for example, we talked about the legacy business on the Med-Surg (36:15) side, we had to make some moves, I think, really to tighten the reins there in certain parts of it, manage the expenses differently, but also manage the mix differently. And I think a lot of this is about that kind of discipline to manage both of the expense side, but certainly of the mix of products. I think that's an effective and important tool and we can still get better.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. I think all of our manufacturer partners are important to us. We work really, really hard to make sure no matter what size you are, whether you're in Medical or in Pharma, that you're seen as important. I think that's one of the things that Red Oak has done a good job of also is working hard to treat every manufacturer like an equal partner. But as you think about the pricing, sure, I think most suppliers were always going to say that their fees are too high. But we're very, very disciplined about how we charge our fees and we look at things like line extensions, whether they're controlled drugs, whether they're refrigerated drugs, all those different costs that we incur that they would have to incur that if they were to go direct, we look at those to understand what we should charge as a fee. And so, we work incredibly hard to make sure that we don't charge fees to manufacturers that would be more expensive than them going around us. And so, I feel really confident with our model and our pricing that we're the most efficient way of getting products through the supply channel. I don't see any more country that's more efficient or any supply chain that's more efficient than the United States. And I think the other piece is – I can't even remember the last time there's been any other significant slot supply chain integrity issue in the U.S., and so that to me is incredibly important.
George S. Barrett: Good morning, Dave. It's a hard question to answer because it really depends what seat you're in. I do think that, as Mike described, all of our customers are influenced by the reimbursement dynamics, how they are compensated, and that companies are from the private sector or the public sector. I think what can be worrisome to them is when there's lags between how they get compensated in reimbursement or how they're – not just time lags, but lags in general between what their costs look like and what their reimbursement looks like. So we just try to stay very close to it. It can vary by product and it can vary by different classes of drugs. But I do think it's an environment, which is, as you guys have all said, a lot of attention on this. We try to stay very close to it. I think we pride ourselves on having a certain intimacy with our customers and understanding where they are. So we try to make sure that we do everything that we can to put them in a position to be successful in serving their patients. But certainly, a lot of it has to do with reimbursement dynamics and what's happening around financing models in the system.
George S. Barrett: Just to add one piece to that, one of the things that we find is that the absence of standardization around healthcare is often a source of inefficiency. And so one of the things that we've been able to help many of our customers do is standardize, for example, around consumable products. So when they do that, that tends to be much more cost effective, and so that's one of the tools that we use.
George S. Barrett: Dave, as a reminder, because you described the overall basket, again just as a reminder, the overwhelming majority of products are moving the way they typically move. And then what tends to swing the total or the net aggregate is just a relatively small basket of products. And so I think that's probably worth noting all the time that you have thousands of products that are moving fairly typically.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. No real fundamental changes to the way we're pricing or the competitive environment or anything like that. This is merely, the 18 basis points is really, the majority of it is the addition of a new customer that was added in the quarter that was at lower margin rates. And remember, we talked about this and that this is a situation, while the margin rates are lower, the amount of capital that we deploy is incredibly efficient. And so we're willing to take lower margin rates when we have the ability to manage our capital effectively. As far as the sequential drop, remember last quarter, we did mention that there was about $0.11 in that quarter that we said were kind of like one-timers, part of it being those generic items that were operating a little bit differently than we anticipated. And then also, we had the acceleration of some of the benefits of our M&A in the quarter that was a little bit better than we thought. So, if you think about $0.11 of kind of extra in last quarter, the reason we talked about that then, it was to give you some insight that, that was kind of a way to think about how this quarter would be. So this was very much in line with what we expected for this quarter.
George S. Barrett: And, Robbie (51:20), I'll try to touch base – I'll try to touch on one part of your question, which was those customers that source generics from us. I think if you look at our numbers, it's pretty clear that, that has increased for us. I do think the market recognizes that, particularly given the strength of our capacity in working through Red Oak, that we're a very attractive partner. And so I think there are many customers in the system that actually have done for years a blend of buying generics, some directly, some through distribution partners. And so even small swings in those percentages can be beneficial to us. We think our value proposition is very strong, as Mike said, and getting increasingly strong. So we're hoping that we can continue to attract those customers.
George S. Barrett: Eric, just a reminder, we have tens of thousands of customers. And so, again, small movements in those customers can be meaningful. And of course, as you know in the branded side, over the last – you've seen a lot being driven by some of the important new products in the system. And so we shouldn't ignore that as well.
George S. Barrett: Yeah. So, again, plays with the relationship, I wouldn't say economically yet a big driver, but definitely positive to be able to sell many of our Cardinal brand products through these additional channels. So we really look forward to greater growth there and it's – again, it's early, but it's off to a pretty good start.
George S. Barrett: Sure. Thank you, Bethany. Again, just closing summary, I think we're off to a really good start to the first half of our fiscal 2016. We thank all of you for joining us this morning and for your questions and look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks. And with that, we'll close the call. Thank you.
