George S. Barrett: Ricky, it's George. I'll take that. Yes, I think we're going to get great response from IDNs and health system partners on our program. I think everybody's looking for new ways to do business, recognizing the world is changing. They're very much aware that, in particular, there's a whole category of what they think of as physician preference items, which caused a kind of inefficiency in the system. So I think we're touching a part of their overall cost structure that is really meaningful, and that's -- as you know, we started in the orthopedic space, particularly along the trauma line, which is probably the most commoditized of the kinds of products, we're getting really good response. We've actually been expanding our program that we launched with a relatively small line of products. That product line is expanding, and hopefully, over the next 6 to 12 months, we'll be able to describe a pretty significant expansion of that. Our entry into the sort of cardiovascular with the acquisition of AccessClosure is a really important step for us, and primarily, today, that work is being done in the cath lab. But it really opens up doors for us. And again, I think our customers recognize this is a place to really alter behavior, to increase standardization, which they know is going to be central to being able to manage cost and getting the right outcomes.
George S. Barrett: It's really both, it's really both. So we've naturally -- we are -- we have to have those direct touch points to the IDNs and to specific hospitals, but we continue to work closely with GPOs as well.
George S. Barrett: I might just add a little color, Glen. From the Pharma standpoint, our Pharmaceutical segment, actually our revenue numbers, again, stripping away the expiration of Walgreens, were really good, actually. So we competed very effectively, and we like our positioning there. And on Medical, as Jeff said, it would be really hard to point to any meaningful competitive or operating performance difference between the last quarter and this quarter. Essentially the main change being the environment and, as Jeff said, the lapping of AssuraMed. So from a competitive positioning standpoint and where we are, actually feel pretty good about it.
George S. Barrett: So Lisa, I'll start, and then I'll let Jeff jump in. Again, you can assume that pretty much all of our generics are going to roll through that joint venture. There could be unique hospital lines that -- Injectables that are not. But you should assume that this is really going to be our generic sourcing model. And we can't provide too much detail beyond what I said in my comments, Lisa, except I will just say this: As Jeff said, we feel good and confident that we'll cover our financial obligations under the JV structure. We've made great progress. There are moving million -- 1 million moving parts in getting to the finish line, and the teams have been really working hard to get to that target date. The spirit of cooperation is incredibly good. And I think we're at a point where we're having good conversations with manufacturers. I think they appreciate that we're building up a pretty transparent model. And so from that standpoint, we're feeling good about it. I don't know, Jeff, if we can add much here.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Lisa, it's a great question. As you know, there's been -- these last 6 to 12 months have been a period of incredible amount of movement around the pharmaceutical industry. I would say there certainly is increased interest from players who might be at a smaller scale as to how they can best achieve a greater position. I can't go into great detail. But I think your hypothesis that this is likely is right on. And we'll continue to just be thoughtful and in touch with everyone who can be a player in this field. So yes, I think it's reasonable to say that there's continued and probably increasing interest.
George S. Barrett: Yes, I'll touch on it. The model that we've evolved really with the independent pharmacy is essentially to provide an extraordinary amount of service support to them to enable them to do the thing that they're most likely to compete on effectively, which is getting out in front and engaging directly with the customers. And so our programs really cover the gamut from generic programs, obviously, reimbursement tools. I mentioned this, help on the CMS Star model. Just a little detail, that's really -- the way this works, CMS has implemented a rating system for all plans -- Medicare plans. And so the ratings come with bonus payments related to certain things. We're working with those customers to do that. We're helping them build centers for diabetics inside their stores. We are doing some programs for them that help fulfillment on the home care and dealing with patients who are elderly and have unique needs in their pharmacies. So I would say the basic concept is a huge wraparound kind of service system that allows them to operate in the most effective way they can in their community. Very specialized, very targeted. It's not a one-size-fits-all. And I think that's where we've gotten better in recent years, is that we've been able to really target these customers, segment them and understand that each of them has to compete differently in their own community. And I think the better we understand how they compete and what we can do to help them, the more effective we'll be. I think our retail business is showing the signs of that high service and high-touch model.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Greg, why don't I start and then, again, I'll turn it to Jeff. Yes, this is really at the heart of the strategy. This is, again, a place where we know it's a significant need for our customers. I think it's change of behavior that's going to really alter their game, not necessarily squeezing 1 more basis point out of some product. It's really about a change of behavior. Much of this requires standardization. And I think we're seeing an increasingly receptive customer to this. And we've started to make some moves to build out that platform. So in ortho, we had already begun to do that. You mentioned the high tech. I would say we've started really on the lower tech, which I think is the more appropriate place to start. The key for us is evidence-based equivalents. That's what we're focusing on. And building that case, starting in trauma. In cardio, we've really started with this acquisition. We wanted to make sure that we had a company with credibility, a product line that had some reach, a management team that we believed in, and actually, a relatively efficient low-cost service model, go-to-market model. And we believe that was AccessClosure. We get that. So this allows us, again, to think about other areas. For example, again, thinking more along the lower end of clinical differentiation, more like guide wires or catheters or diagnostic catheters that might be used in this setting. So again, the way to think about this is starting really on the lower end and making sure that we can build the support there in our community. Just to go back to ortho, I would also remind you that we are, I would say, pretty significantly ramping up our capability and the product line in our trauma area because, again, we started with a relatively thin line. And what's important is to be able to have a, really, a basket of products. So we do think that this has the potential to really change the game for our customers. And in terms of our own margin rate, should be very positive.
George S. Barrett: Sorry, again, just to reinforce because it's important. We really are focused on a particular part of the market, and these are really, at the moment, it's areas where clinical differentiation is not really relevant, not -- and then where standardization, the benefits of standardization would be really compelling. So just wanted to make sure I highlight that.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So George, great questions. Part of which I can answer, part of which I can't. So in terms of differential on pricing, that's just not something I can speak to at this point. I think you guys have to use your own judgment as to how you would believe a different size and scale might influence how pricing is delivered from manufacturer to the channel. Obviously, we --- there's enormous amount of work we've done in this internally, but not something we can really share. In terms of the bells and whistles question, it's a really interesting one. I would argue this, that having sat in the manufacturer's seat, you want this system to be pretty simple. And so, in fact, attaching too many bells and whistles is not necessarily where we want to go. I think we want to simplify the relationship with the manufacturer. I think we want to have a great line of sight between them and us. I think we need to be able to demonstrate to them that we can create value for them. That certainly is market share and our ability to influence market share. But it's also having a model that they connect to and that works for them. So yes, I would say we're not trying to attach things to the model. We're actually trying to simplify in many ways and make sure that when we go to the market as a single joint venture, it's very straightforward, very clear, very transparent, they know who they're working with. I don't know if that's helpful.
George S. Barrett: So historically, there have been multiple -- very quick context, there have been multiple ways that companies deal with the generic manufacturers. Again, let me be very clear, though. We want to keep it simple. So our goal is going to -- is really going to be to do that, not to add layers of complexity. What I can't give you, and I think was the beginning part of your question and I simply can't do that, is how much value is there coming from the venture. And the only thing we can share with you at this point is what we've shared when we announced, which is that we've got an obligation under the joint venture agreement. We feel positive that we'll cover those obligations. And that we expect this to be accretive. But again, transparency, simplicity is probably going to be more of the order of the day in our model rather than adding layers of complexity.
George S. Barrett: Yes, let me try to do this very generally. To me, in the U.S. market, again, let's talk about the U.S. market. And that's primarily today where we're competing in generic drugs. We don't really believe that the label, whether or not it will be for private label, is a relevant dynamic for those that are making the purchasing decisions. So other companies may choose to go down that path, and we totally respect that and understand it. And maybe it's part of a procurement strategy. And to that extent, we'd always evaluate those things, so we don't rule them out. But as a commercial downstream market strategy, we don't believe in the U.S -- and this has been tried over the last 40 years -- in the U.S., we don't think that's a particularly relevant thing. But certainly, as part of our procurement strategy, if we thought that helped us in that part of the business, we're always open to it and never rule it out.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Sure, Steve. I'll start this, and again, Jeff is always free to pile in here. We've said pretty much through the early part of the year that we thought we were seeing some relatively unusual pricing patterns, if you can even use the word patterns. Obviously, these tend to be individual markets. I always remind people that thousands of generic drugs, it's thousands of individual markets. We have -- we did expect to see some moderation during the second half of the year. And then that's what we saw in Q2, we were not far off our expectation on that. So I think the question about what's happening in the market and the disturbances, I'm not sure that we've seen a lot of change there. There continue to be disturbances in the market, significant disturbances in the injectable space, in the hospital space, as you know. And that has made it very complicated for the system. And I know that there a number of both policymakers and a lot of the companies trying to figure out how best to navigate that environment. But I would say we've continued to see some manufacturer shortages. And I'm not sure that has materially changed. But it moves from product to product, as you probably know.
George S. Barrett: Okay, great. Thank you. Look, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on today's call and for your questions and your interest in Cardinal Health. And we look forward to seeing you at upcoming meetings. Thanks, all.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Hey, Ricky, this is Jeff. Good question actually. In our internal forecast, we're not really counting on any benefit from either Nexium or Diovan this year. In fact, the benefit from those potential launches, for us, is probably more of a first half of fiscal '15 event.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, thanks, Charles. This is Jeff. I'll try to take that. Actually, I would describe the revenue in Q3 as quite strong. If you actually strip out the Walgreens impact for our Pharmaceutical business, which, I think, is what you're referring to, we actually grew over 9% with the rest of the business. And that really reflects strength across the board. As both George and I alluded to, we had above-market growth in all of our channels in Pharma Distribution with the exception of chain, and that was obviously driven by the Walgreens loss. But on top of that, if you look at the rest of the businesses within Pharma, we had great growth in specialty, 33% growth in China, good growth in Nuclear, which, as I've said, was somewhat of a surprise but a very positive one, obviously. So we actually feel very good about the underlying growth that we saw in Q3. Now is it possible -- that all said, is it possible that there was some dampening of script volumes in Q3 because of the weather? We've been hearing from some of our customers that, that in fact was the case. And so if there was any dampening in Q3, that might have been a factor that was driving it. But as I said, our underlying growth was strong at in excess of 9%, excluding the Walgreens impact.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, obviously, we book them when we ship. We sort of get the second order impact from any weather-related issues. Like I said, a few of our Pharma customers did mention that the script volume may have been impacted by the weather to some degree. Again, it's always tough for us to calculate that very specifically because of the second-order effect. But based on what we're hearing, there probably was some moderation from that. I'd say on the medical side, it's probably a little bit easier to calculate, although still difficult. We definitely saw some weather impact on our lab business, and it also appears to have impacted physicians' office and hospital business as well. So I would say overall, for our company, there was a slowdown in utilization related to the weather, although again trying to quantify that specifically, given the nature of our business, is somewhat difficult.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No. Presource kitting refers to the surgical kits that we -- surgical kits that we prepare for surgical procedures in the hospital. And outpatient and surgery center facilities. They're usually custom kits that are prepared for specific operations. That is separate from our merged [ph] trauma portfolio. Now it could be that some of those trauma products could be in a procedure tray, but when I was referring to the Presource kitting, I was really referring to the broader custom procedure trays that we provide.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Hey, Eric, it's Jeff. I'm probably going to frustrate you a little bit with my response. But the simple answer is no. We generally provide our guidance in our Q4 call, which will be in August this year. In main part because we're still going through our planning processes. Until we complete those, we're really not in a position to provide quantitative guidance for our fiscal '15. That all said, let me provide a couple of qualitative comments on drivers and our approach heading into next year, and I'll go through these in no particular order. First, we continue to expect the accretion from the CVS generic sourcing JV, net of the accounting for the quarterly payment to CVS, to be accretive. We said that at our December Investor Day. And based on everything we know to date, we continue to very much expect that to be the case. The other thing I'll mention about the CVS JV, as George said, we're still on track to be up and running as early as July 1. But it'll take time for the contracts to flow through and the benefits to ramp up. So clearly, we're not going to see a lot of benefit day 1. It will progress later, ramp up over the course of our fiscal '15. Second point I'd make is, we're going to continue to maintain our conservative posture with respect to health care utilization. And as we said before, we're not going to try to forecast when ACA volume upticks might kick in. That's proven to be a very difficult proposition. And we decided some time ago that, for the purpose of our internal forecast and planning, we will be relatively conservative and really not try to model when ACA-related volume might kick in. And we expect to continue that as we forecast for fiscal '15 as well. On the subject of being conservative, we're also going to continue to be somewhat conservative when trying to forecast the benefit from generic pricing relative to what we experienced so far in fiscal '14. As I said in my remarks, and as we said multiple times, generic price increases from manufacturers are a very difficult thing to predict, given the fact that it affects a very small part of the overall portfolio, less than 5% of our products. So again, we're going to continue to be somewhat conservative in terms of forecasting any benefit we might get from generic price increases. We do expect growth next year in virtually all of our key strategic priority areas, including specialty, China, preferred products and hospital services. As you know, we've continued to focus on those for the past year, invest in those. And I fully expect our fiscal '15 plan will reflect some of the fruits of those investments.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I'm not going sure we're going to give a specific number related to it, quite frankly. But it will be reflected in whatever guidance we give in August, our best estimate of the net accretion that we'll get from that JV. And you stated it correctly, we continue to believe that it will be a net accretion when you add everything up. And then we continue to feel very good about the potential benefit from that JV, again, reflecting that there's going to be a ramp-up period.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, I am going to speak mainly about profit, Glen. So on the Pharma side, I mentioned that the sequential benefit that we realized from manufacturer price increases on generics wasn't materially less in Q3 than it was in Q2 -- which by the way was pretty consistent with the way we had modeled it as well. So that was a driver of that sequential reduction that you referred to. I also mentioned the fact that although we saw good brand inflation in Q3, there was a partial pull-ahead into Q2 of probably about $0.02, and again, that is something we had referenced during our Q2 call. On the Medical side of things, I would say Q3 was one of the weaker quarters we've seen in terms of overall utilization. How much of that was due to weather? How much of that was due to a lighter flu season? Keep in mind that Q2 was fairly strong from a flu perspective, Q3 was noticeably lighter. But overall, we did see some relatively weak utilization. I'd also say from a year-on-year growth perspective in Q3, we lapped the AssuraMed acquisition in the quarter, so that resulted in some dampening of growth year-on-year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Absolutely, Glen. We do -- our current forecast implies another fairly significant sequential decline in benefit from manufacturer price increases on generics. Now as I said, though, we could be wrong on that, and that is the biggest swing factor in where we'll end up within the range. So I would second what you just said. I would also mention that we modeled it pretty accurately heading into Q3, but we're going to continue to be somewhat conservative on that point.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: The only thing I'd add is every news [ph] that's going into China, I think any time you make a move into an international country, you have to do it with a sense of purpose. And you can't dabble, honestly. Any international country requires a pretty significant management focus. And so any decision we make to enter additional countries has to be made with recognition of that, that it's going to take a fair amount of management time and attention, as it should. So if we are going to enter a country, it's going to be because, as George said, we can win. And that we're prepared to invest the necessary management time to being successful. And we could add value and deliver a good return for our shareholders. So none of those decisions will get made lightly. But we'll continue to look. And if we can find markets that can turn out to be as successful as China has been so far, that's great. And we'll apply our learnings from entering China into any significant future opportunities we find.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. Thanks for the question, Bob. First of all, I think it is important to remind everyone that this is -- Q3 was the second quarter we haven't had Walgreens, and that's going to continue through -- in terms of lapping that loss, it's going to continue through the first quarter of next year. I think we had such a strong quarter in Q2 that perhaps people lost sight of that. But we're still facing the drag on revenue and operating earnings year-on-year from that loss. I'll also say about Q3, actually, we're pretty pleased with where we ended up. We basically ended up exactly where we were forecasting to be. We overachieved versus plan. And yes, there was some lightness in utilization, particularly in Medical, that was a bit of a disappointment. But as George said earlier, from a competitive standpoint, from a strategic priority standpoint, we continue to be firing on almost all cylinders, which is important. And I think it bodes well for the future. So I -- quite frankly, from our perspective, Q3 came in as or slightly better than we expected, and we feel pretty good heading forward.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. So most of this, if not all of it, is public information, so I'll repeat what's in the public domain. Our total Pharma revenues, annual revenues from the DoD are about $600 million. We have 2 specific regions that we service the DoD. The contracts for both of those regions expire in our Q4 of next year. Now obviously, it's something we'll be very focused on during the next couple of months as the contracts come up for rebid, et cetera. But quite frankly, in terms of impact on FY '15, given the timing and given our overall exposure to the DoD, we expected it to have a fairly minimal impact on our fiscal '15. In terms of other contracts, Bob, I'm happy to say, actually, that if you look at our large pharma contracts, which is what I think you're referring to, we're really pretty well positioned through the end of fiscal '15 with all of our large customers. And as George alluded to, we're happy that we were able to extend the Kmart contract well into the future. And that's very important for a number of reasons, including the fact they're a fairly large generic buyer of us. So from a contract stability standpoint, we're probably better positioned now than we've been in some time. And obviously, you all know that the CVS distribution contract is extended for a number of years as well. So good overall stability.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Just to your -- when the sourcing sort of rolls into the JV, I would say that the JV will be responsible for virtually all generic sourcing from day 1. When I was referring to ramp up, I wasn't really referring to us gradually giving responsibility to the JV, because that does happen day 1. What I was referring to is really when the JV would be able to realize significant benefits in terms of repricing contracts, et cetera. That will ramp up over time, as you would expect, because it's not like we'd be able to redo every contract on day 1.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, Greg. Great question, and obviously, something we watch very closely. It was about 36% of gross profit for the quarter.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, just to build on that margin rate question, Greg. As we said in our December Investor Day, our goal is to achieve a Medical segment profit margin rate of at least 5.75% by fiscal '17. And there's really 3 things that are going to drive it, and one of those things is not getting paid more for core distribution. That's not our expectation. But we do believe that the things that we can wrap around our supply chain capabilities will be key drivers of that margin expansion. And specifically, that's preferred products. And as we said at the time, our goal is to get the gross margin contribution from preferred products to about 45% of the overall Medical segment gross margin. Secondly, continuing to aggressively build our home health platform. And thirdly, layering on additional services that we can provide to the hospitals that are clearly very high margin. So it's really those 3 initiatives that are going to drive our margin expansion over the next 3 [ph] of years.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: The only other color I'll add, Steve, is that the number of products that actually had an increase in Q3 sequentially was slightly higher than what we saw in Q2, although still under 5% of our portfolio. However, as I said earlier, that the net benefit to us from price increases in Q3 was materially lower than Q2.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. Thanks, Gary. Good question. What I've said before, which we still believe to be the case, is fiscal '15 will be a ramp-up period and that's because it will take time to renegotiate new contracts. We also have some contracts that still have to play out in fiscal '15 -- existing contracts, I'm referring to. That all said, we do expect that we'll hit probably a more normalized run rate in fiscal '16. I don't think we're looking at a multi-year ramp-up period. But again, just to repeat, probably '15 will be a ramp-up period and '16 will be more of a normalized run rate.
