Mike Kaufmann: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me begin by providing a few thoughts on fiscal '19 before turning it over to Jorge to discuss the financial results for Q4 and for the year. Then I’ll share some perspective on our fiscal '20 outlook and our commitment to future growth. In the last 18 months, we addressed various business challenges and put near and long-term plans in place to grow in the future. Importantly, in fiscal '19, we delivered on the overall commitments that we made at the beginning of the year. Some of our highlights from fiscal '19, including progress against the six strategic priorities we outlined a year ago, are as follows. Notably, we exceeded our initial EPS guidance delivering $5.28 per share. We continued to see double-digit revenue and profit growth in Specialty, Cardinal Health at-Home and Medical Services as we advanced these strategic growth areas. With the recent renewals of CVS Health and Kroger, we now have contracts with our three largest customers for at least the next four years. Regarding our cost structure, we have been engaged in a cost optimization program and the initial work has exceeded our savings targets. We delivered $133 million this year positioning us to make strategic reinvestments and generate significant future savings. For capital deployment, our focus on strong cash flow generation resulted in operating cash flow of $2.7 billion for the year. We delivered value to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks and we improved our financial flexibility while continuing to reinvest in the business. In the portfolio and partnerships area, we took steps as part of our ongoing portfolio management strategy. During the year we rationalized and exited underperforming geographies and finalized the partnership to accelerate the growth for the naviHealth business. With respect to Pharma, we are pleased that our Pharma Distribution business met plan for the year. However, meeting the plan is not enough. We are focused on returning to sustainable, profitable growth. To achieve this, we have works underway across a few key areas that I’ll discuss when I cover our future outlook. Turning to medical, while we improved execution across the segment during the year, we did not meet our expectations. Challenges from Cardinal Health brand products, including cost associated with supply chain infrastructure and commodities, prevented this ongoing work from translating to the bottom line this year. I’ll discuss this in more detail when I talk about fiscal '20. A quick update on Cordis. This business is on a path to profitability with sustained top line growth in many geographies and improving trends for fill rates and back orders. Additionally, we improved fill rates in our Medical Solutions business which includes patient recovery. Overall, we made positive strides in fiscal '19 and we have confidence in our strategic direction and our ability to translate this work into results in the future. To provide some additional color on Q4 and fiscal '19, I’ll turn it over to Jorge.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, I’ll address the restructuring charges real quick. The restructuring charges in the guidance are for the entire company, so that would be any and all of the expected restructurings across Pharma, Med and our functions would be covered by those initial restructuring charges. And as I also said, we may have additional ones as we continue to get after the $500 million number that I said that we would hit. So that’s that piece. As far as my confidence in Med, I think a couple of things. Some of the more complicated things like working through all agreements, getting through the TSAs, a lot of those things that created a lot of the noise in the Medical segment were through those. We also, as you know, don’t plan to do any product acquisitions in the near future in that space or M&A around products in that space so that we can focus on execution. Also I have a ton of confidence in Steve. He’s been a great operator in all of the businesses that he’s run and he’s surrounded by a really good team that Jon Giacomin put in place. And it’s kind of to your point, a lot of the challenges that we have in Medical have been a little bit self inflicted and I feel that with the people that we’ve added, the fact that we’re through a lot of the complicated transitions and we’re focused on execution, that’s why we feel confidence. We have seen good underlying demand in the business and I think that’s kind of the key areas at this point in time.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, good question. This year we really expect the Medical guidance for the segment to not be as backend loaded as it has been in the past. We really think we have a more normalized, I would guess, cadence for our quarters for Medical this coming year. And you’re right. You also mentioned earlier, I didn’t get to, is the charge that Jorge talked about. That affected our Cardinal brand products because it was in a Cordis-related charge and obviously we don’t expect that to reoccur at this point in time.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I’ll give you a couple comments on that. I’m not going to be able to split out the margin component. But we’re really proud of the performance of our Specialty business. Victor and Joe DePinto and the whole team have done a very nice job there and we do expect that business to continue on a trajectory of strong growth. The growth is a lot coming from just our customers growing and new items in the market, growth of the items already in the market, so a lot of it is just positive growth in Specialty overall. I wouldn’t say that it’s massive changes in share and those types of things. It’s really just the segment is growing well and we believe that that will continue to happen particularly as it relates to our more downstream customers. And then when I look at our upstream services to Pharma, we continue to see very good progress in growth in those businesses too for us this past year and we’ll continue to look forward to seeing those growing going forward.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, there’s a lot to take into consideration there, but at this time it’s so early and we’ve got – as I commented on opioids where we stand, we feel good about the work that we’ve done historically. We believe that we operate in an outstanding system to manage this. We have always and will continue to report all those things that we feel strongly about, but specifically commenting on any litigation or settlements I don’t think would be appropriate at this time.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, that charge itself basically was the difference between our Medical segment hitting our expectations for the quarter and missing expectations. So that is the primary contributor of not delivering on that. And just to give you a little more color, it was a charge related to an exclusive distribution agreement with a Cordis supplier. It was entered in over two years ago. And other than that, it really wouldn’t be appropriate to comment further on the specific supplier, but we still feel incredibly good about the progress we’re making with Cordis.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. Thanks for the question, Michael. A couple of things. First of all, the largest year-over-year driver for Pharma being down is going to be our customer contract renewals with customers that we’ve already announced, as I mentioned CVS Health and Kroger. So that is our biggest headwind year-over-year for Pharma. Our second headwind is our generics program. It’s a smaller headwind in FY '20 than it was in FY '19, so we like the progress that we’re making. Specifically to give you a little bit of color and I had to give a lot of details because we like to talk about it as one overall program, but I will give you a little color that we are seeing the generics deflation component itself beginning to improve. But when you take a look at the generic launches, the ability for Red Oak to continue to drive cost savings, some of those tailwinds are a little smaller but we are seeing some market dynamics that would tell us that things are beginning to improve. But overall, our generics program continues to be a net headwind for us next year.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, it’s really spread across both segments. I’m not sure if it’s proportionally higher. It’s not, I wouldn’t say, a lot different on either side. But our functions obviously are working on things to be more efficient. That will then get pushed into the segments and each one of the segments are working on their components. And I feel good that every single department whether a business unit or functions committed to hitting our target of 130 million of incremental savings this coming year.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, a couple of comments. First of all, there isn’t any like step downs in pricing over the next four years related to those unless there would be some change in the number of stores or some large change or something like that from the customers that wouldn’t be typical. So typically those contracts have a fixed program over the lives of them. So that’s one thing to keep in mind. Other than that, they often improve slightly just because the volumes can go up over time, but typically the rates don’t change much. You may get more dollars to your bottom line based on increased volumes. And we’re excited to be aligned with really excellent customers such as CVS and Kroger who have been historically growing and have really good business models that we’re excited to be partnered with them.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, a couple of things. I would say that first of all, I still feel very confident that we got very fair and appropriate contract renewals with both of those accounts. Remember that they are contracts that are four years or longer, so they’re a little bit longer than typically the contracts have been. Remember that it also is a full year impact. Essentially we have a full year-over-year impact because as I mentioned specifically to CVS, it was a July 1 start date. So that’s a very important component of thinking about the year-over-year impact. So hopefully that’s helpful.
Mike Kaufmann: Sure. As you can imagine it’s really hard to predict this, but I will give you a little color in the sense that first of all we do have – currently in our numbers we do have forecasted some small headwind related to tariffs that are already in place. And so we have already had the opportunity to deal with tariffs this past year. We have done a good job in managing the impact so far and it was a small headwind for us in FY '19. So we’ve build that continued assumption in. What we didn’t build in was what new tariffs may be, because it’s just so hard to predict. And even when you get numbers such as a certain percentage and a certain dollar amount, oftentimes after you get through all the wrangling, the medical products have had a chance to be carved out because of some of the concerns and issues it could create on increased pricing to consumers in the United States. And so we constantly work with our industry to make sure we educate folks on the importance of those products and the cost that it could have on the healthcare system or shortages and other issues. So it’s so hard to predict what that could be. That’s why we don’t have anything build in at this time. But each time something comes up, we will make sure that we try to help give you some color on that and let you know what’s going on those when they happen going forward. Next question.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, when we’re talking about generic deflation for us, we’re always talking about the sell-side because really the buy-side is how Red Oak is doing. We continue to be very confident in the team and the capabilities of Red Oak sourcing the partnership there with CVS Health continues to operate very well. But when I talked about that, what I’m saying is that we’re seeing it improve from a sell-side deflation standpoint. But remember, it’s just one component of our overall generics program and I get hesitant to just focusing on that because you still have to look at what the launches are going to deliver this year or what penetration is going to deliver this year and what you’re going to be able to do from a year-over-year cost savings standpoint. So all-in, or generics program is still looking to be a net headwind for the year.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, I think there was to your point some lumpiness in Medical that we don’t expect this next year. We had some bumps remember we talked about in our Q3 around transitioning off of TSAs. This Q4 we had the large charge related into Cardinal branded products. And so with those alone or two pretty lumpy items that occurred during the year, you can also have flu type of things if it comes earlier or late can affect both businesses. So those things – set aside flu, the other two things we don’t expect to happen this coming year and so we would expect Medical to have a more normal cadence. As far as the $130 million, we will look at that all year long. If we’re tracking ahead in other areas, we see some appropriate investments we want to make into the business for longer-term growth, we may make decisions there. And so that’s something that we will evaluate quarter-to-quarter as we move along obviously with the goal of always delivering on our commitments. But we’re excited to get after the $130 million in our $500 million overall target over the next five years. Next question.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, a great question. I don’t know that I see anything out there that at this point in time I would say gives me concern about bumpiness, like the TSAs. And again, I think we’ve done a good work working through a lot of these challenges over the last year. I would say to your second part of the question around what are the things that we have to do well. I would say the first thing that jumps out to me is we’ve just recently restructured our commercial organization and we’re really excited about the increased focus that we’re going to have on our customers and the way that it should free up the time of our sales reps to actually spend time selling. So that’s going to be an important driver somewhat for FY '20 but more importantly to really get the momentum going for beyond FY '20, so that we could become the sales engine on Cardinal Health products and service and quality with our customers overall. So that’d be one of the top ones for me. I think second of all, the team on the operation side of Medical has got a lot of projects that they have on their list today have laid out around both our manufacturing and our distribution supply chain network that are going to be important also for the mid and longer term. We’re going to be making some investments this year to get after our manufacturing efficiency and that again we think are going to pay big benefits for us going forward. So making sure that we execute on the things that help both our manufacturing footprint and our distribution footprint are going to be important components.
Mike Kaufmann: Well, some of those things that we’re working on, on our manufacturing and distribution network are going to be things like possibly where we manufacture, what type of automation we have in the plants. We’re looking at our footprint in distribution and potentially relocating and changing some of our footprint to be more efficient in distribution. So yes, there are things like that that need to be done and will be done and we need to make sure that we stay on top of and execute flawlessly.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I want to be careful not to comment on '21 and forward other than we are absolutely, absolutely committed to growing in the future. It’s something we’re talking about and focused on every single day. And we have a lot of things going on that excite us to be able to grow in the future. It is hard for me to comment on other folks, but let me put it this way. I believe that we are executing very well across our Pharma distribution business. And depending on how you want to adjust things or not adjust things, I feel very confident that we are performing very well compared to our competitors on that standpoint. Keep in mind that we have very different mixes than our competitors. For example, in Specialty, we’re really excited about the growth and execution in our Specialty business but the tailwind that we get from Specialty is smaller just given the size of our respective businesses. But other than that and the timing of our renewals, I feel very good about where we are and how we would compare with anybody.
Mike Kaufmann: Really it goes back to our commitment that we’ve made related to our leverage ratios, we’ve made commitments that we’re going to get those to certain levels over the timeframe. And so from our standpoint we feel that it’s very important to focus on debt paydown in order to live up to the commitments that we’ve made. We also are committed to our dividend, although we plan to continue with very modest increases in our dividend until we get down to closer to the 30% to 35% payout ratios. And as always, we’ll continue to evaluate share repurchases. It’s just that we’ve made commitments around our leverage ratio and we want to live up to those commitments.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes. I think it’s actually tracking ahead and so we thought we would do 100 million this past year in fiscal '19 and be on a run rate of 200 million. We actually as we said delivered 133 million in '19. We expect to do at least 130 million. So just those two alone would be $263 million, so we’re ahead of where we expected to be which is why I put out the comment that based on this work and based on the change in the way I think our entire team is thinking and looking at expenses and understanding prioritization which is why we put out the target of $500 million over the next five years compared to our fiscal year '18 run rate.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, I don’t want to get into that level of detail at this point in time. Just to reiterate that the customer contract renewals were the largest year-over-year headwind for us and we’re excited to be locked up for at least four years with our top three customers. Next question.
Mike Kaufmann: Got it. We still believe that our patient recovery business is still on track to get its $150 million of synergies exiting FY '20. And so that has – as the combination of working with our distribution network and our manufacturing teams, et cetera, sales teams working together, we have continued to have and that has been reflected in all of our thoughts so far.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, so I can’t comment specifically on the size of those pieces, but I will tell you that – again that that charge for that exclusive distribution agreement was the largest difference between making our plan and not in Q4. We do expect to see growth across all the various components of Medical next year. And as you remember I had mentioned earlier, we also are making some investments in Medical this year from an expense standpoint in order to set us up for the future as we redo our distribution network and our manufacturing footprint there are going to be some expenses that we will be incurring or investments that we’ll be making that will be some headwind. So you have to net all that together to get to where we are and we feel good about Medical at this point and confident we can deliver on this.
Mike Kaufmann: Again, Pharma had a good quarter; lived up to the expectations that we had for them for the year. As far as specifics, I would say the drivers have just been similar to what they have been. The large renewals as I said didn’t essentially start until July, so we didn’t see any of that large customer contract renewal until July 1. We did have a little bit year-over-year from last year. But I wouldn’t say that the drivers a lot different especially with the biggest positive driver, brand mix and increased sales have been kind of the second driver. And then the negative impact of our generics program and contract renewals that most of them already had been announced would be the bigger drivers.
Mike Kaufmann: Yes, thanks for the question. Thanks for ending with such an easy one. First of all, I’d say we’re more than a middle man, I would start with that. Sure that’s maybe the traditional piece of what we do. And I’m actually glad you said it because I think it’s important for us to talk about that. We have a lot of areas that are more than just middle man. When I take a look at our Medical Services businesses, what we’re doing in at-Home, yes, we’re providing supplies but it’s really our unique relationships with insurers and with providers and how we connect them with the patients. And there’s so much more there with other technical business. We continue to see good headwinds or good tailwinds in Specialty. We feel good about our nuclear business going forward. So there’s a lot of other things, but when it comes to the Pharma Distribution business itself, it’s definitely an ecosystem that is in a state of flux. I think all of our customers continue – luckily we’re aligned I think with very good customers in the sense of CVS, Kroger, Optum. We’re aligned with strong players who have I think excellent game plans for continuing to grow in the future. That’s helpful for us. As we look at the way our retail independents have been resilient and are acting like scrappy entrepreneurs to figure out how to reduce their expenses but at the same time get into other niches, I like the way their responding to all of this. And I think our position in having a broad portfolio with Medical and Pharma positions us well with the Medical or with the downstream providers in the hospital marketplace. So there are a lot of challenges for sure, but I really believe in our position and our capabilities to be able to manage through this. And healthcare is going to continue to grow and stay an important piece. I think it’s why many of us if not all of us stay at companies like Cardinal Health because we know how important it is what we do every day.
Mike Kaufmann: Compared to five years ago, we would definitely have more customers and have seen some growth in that business. It’s a group of customers as I said that we just had our retail business conference a couple of weeks ago and I had a chance to be down there and spend time and it was a record conference for us. And we had a couple thousand stores represented. And the buzz amongst the group and the understanding that they need to do things differently and focus on various niches, the frontend of their store, how to drive cost out, they are really looking to us as someone to help them run their business, manage their inventory, help them with things like medication therapy management, mobile technology, those types of things. So we continue to see this business going to continue to be an important customer base for us going forward. So that’s the last question.
Mike Kaufmann: I just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We’re really pleased that we delivered in fiscal '19 and we look forward to discussing our '20 progress with you very soon. Take care, everybody.
