Jason Hollar: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Overall, it was a great start to our fiscal year, with strong first quarter results and an improved outlook for the year, we are continuing our operating momentum into fiscal 2024. In the first quarter, we delivered significant profit growth in both segments. In Pharma, the results were driven by the strength across our business, including continued positive performance from our generics program. We also benefited from our role distributing the recently commercialized COVID-19 vaccines, which I'll elaborate on later in my remarks. Macro trends in the core distribution business remains stable, and we continue to see strong pharmaceutical demand, including the GLP-1 medications. And both our higher-growth specialty nuclear businesses tracked ahead of plan in the quarter. In Medical, the first quarter was another proof point of the inflection we began to see last Q2 in this business. Recall, the segment was unprofitable only a year ago. Overall, results tracked slightly ahead of our expectations, and we continue to execute our Medical Improvement Plan initiatives to drive better and more predictable financial performance. In particular, we made notable progress on inflation mitigation in the quarter. At an enterprise level, we realized notable operating leverage from our efforts to manage costs across the segments. And below the operating line, our favorable capital structure and responsible capital deployment provided tailwinds, enabled by our strong cash flow generation. In short, the broad-based performance to-date gives us confidence to raise fiscal 2024 EPS guidance only a quarter into the year. Our team continues to prioritize focused execution to best serve our customers and create value for shareholders. I'll update you on our progress in advancing our three key strategic imperatives shortly, but first, let me turn it over to Aaron to review our results and updated guidance in more detail.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. How I think about the vaccines is, again, we're not going to get into, obviously, product and customer level type of detail. But overall, it all comes down to the value that we provide. And so, when you think about COVID-19 vaccines and vaccines in general, you really have to understand what's the requirements. And so with COVID and with some vaccines, it requires more complex distribution, cold chain capacity and capabilities. And of course, there's also - the unique thing about vaccines is that you scale up and down quickly and so you're spreading a lot of that cost over a pretty short period of time. So it's - there's not a one-size-fits-all answer to your question. And we provided a little bit of color for you in Aaron's comments there, so you can get a general understanding of the benefit that we had. And to go a little bit further, I can say that about one-third of the growth for the Pharma segment this quarter was related to vaccines. So it was a component of it, but certainly not the majority of the driver of the business. The core part of the business remained very strong within the segment for the quarter, and our guidance continues that core to continue to be strong. We do expect the vaccine benefit to be a bit greater in the second quarter because, of course, there's more volume in Q2 than in Q1, just given the nature of the October most likely being the peak volume that we would expect to see for vaccine distribution. And then we'd expect that to ramp down as we get the pipeline. We've got the pipeline pretty full here as we exited October. And now the future volumes will be much more predicated on what the actual demand is, which, of course, at this point in time is hard to anticipate.
Jason Hollar: Yes. The other thing I'd add, Eric, I think the component of your question was just asking about commodities, and there's any impact there. There was not anything significant. So I know we've all been on this long journey as it relates to the impacts of commodities. So let me just spend a moment on that. As I think about the commodity and just general inflation, let me answer the question that way. I'd put our work into a couple of key buckets. The international freight piece is the only component that we've seen a meaningful change. And of course, that started about a year ago, and it was a dramatic reduction. So that reduction is as expected and given the elongated supply chain we had at that time, it took some time for that to work through and hit our P&L, but we're now seeing the more significant benefits of that over the last couple of quarters. So that is certainly a key component of it. What I would say about all the other commodities or all the other inflation, specifically the commodity impacts, whether it's the oil-based products polypropylene, polyethylene or unwovens and other types of inputs, which are varied. I would say that they are generally remain elevated a little bit volatile here and there, but generally elevated and not real different than what we had anticipated. So certainly noise, but how I think about it going forward and what my anticipation is we're just not seeing the volatility that we did back 18 months ago. So there is volatility, no doubt. There will always be volatility, but it's to a much lesser degree and much more balanced and kind of in a normal environment right now. And that's why you don't hear us talking about it is because it's just not meaningful in the context of everything else that we have going on.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Thanks, Erin. It's very consistent to the prior messages. So we're not seeing any change in the underlying market. And so my comments are going to be very similar to what it's been in the past. So let me just start with just underlying utilization continues to be strong. We've seen - in our commentary this morning, we made a number of comments around just the broad-based utilization being strong in the pharma industry. So we generally benefited from that. So volume is absolutely a key component of that. The consistent market dynamics that Aaron just referenced again is an indication that the buy and sell side continues to be very balanced. So overall, as in the past, I'm not going to break apart all the different pieces. We think it's best to look at them on a net basis. And within that, what I will say, though, is we continue to have very strong performance with our Red Oak Sourcing joint venture. So we continue to have that team, very focused on the dual mandate of, of course, driving down the best cost. But also as important and their mandate is to ensure that service levels are optimized as much as possible as well. So we feel very good about their progress, both in controlling costs, but also in driving great service for our customers. So again, those should be very similar words what we've said in the past. So that's why we used the phrase consistent market dynamics because we're not seeing any significant change in the underlying dynamics of this part of our business.
Jason Hollar: Yes, so it's a fair question, George. And there's always going to be an evolution customer to customer, contract to contract. The balance of brand versus generic and then within brand and within generic, the mix always is ever evolving. And so over time, I would expect there to be more and more separation between some of these elements as the weighting of the products change. So it's - even though this volume has been dramatic for the GLP-1s, it's also been over a pretty short period of time and probably still early in this journey. So you used the phrase, and I think it was used earlier is significantly margin dilutive. I'm not sure - I'm sure we've never said words like that because it's very rare you hear us talking about margin rates, which you hear us talking about is margin dollars, and I even joked about this at Investor Day. I'm not sure I've ever said the words out loud in my career about the margin rate not being the most important or a significant metric for us. And it's because of products like the GLP-1s, products that are incredibly important to that underlying patient, which means it's important to our customers, which means it's important to us. It is not the most profitable class of progress today, but it's important for our patients and important for the industry what we value more than anything else is innovation in the distribution channel in the industry. Innovation brings good things for us. Maybe not in the short-term and maybe not for every single product, but innovation ultimately brings opportunities, whether it's services or whether it's - when these products become other opportunities to contract or other opportunities over time for them to go generic, there's just lots of different ways in which you can create economic value on a particular transaction, particular product. And so GLP-1s, today, you don’t hear us talk about from revenue, it's not a meaningful contributor to our earnings. And so we're not going to talk about it from an earnings perspective. Contracting back to your original question, we'll continue to evolve underneath that dynamic. But ultimately, we are well-protected customer by customer in certain corridors to ensure that we don't flip upside down on a particular customer. And so that needs to evolve over time as those concentrations evolve over time. But our model has proven very, very resilient over the years and decades because this is the latest mix challenge that there is or mix change, I should say. But it's not the first time that there's been a mix change in our industry. And so our model has proven to be resilient in that regard. So it's unique and different products, but it's not unique in terms of impacts and influences that a particular product category has on the pharma distribution industry.
Jason Hollar: You're getting all the value out of your one question. So let me see if I can touch on each one. I think there's some connectivity between these. So overall, for vaccines, I think the best way to think about vaccine distribution is more about it from the customer standpoint. So I think what you'll see is that COVID-19 vaccines like other vaccines typically will follow the distribution network. So the real question is, are our customers getting more than their fair share, and I don't necessarily want to talk about them from that perspective other than to say we are very happy with the customers we have. We've often used a phrase for other situations winning with the winners, and we feel very well aligned with great customers. And so - but I think that's how you should think about it. And that it most likely the vast majority of the volume will follow the distribution network. I think your second element of that question was on the COVID therapeutics. How I think about that is a little bit differently than vaccines in terms of just the rollout, where the vaccines were a bit of an obsolete old product, new product type of situation where all that government stockpile. When we were asked about vaccines nearly a year ago, when it was first communicated to be commercialized, that was part of our response as well. We didn't know the FDA approval date. We also didn't know what was going to happen with the in-stock inventory, which seems to not have been a relevant usage at this stage given the variance evolution. As it relates to therapeutics, you don't have that same challenge, right? There's a lot of product out there still and the rollout will be slower. And you're talking about an oral solid type of brand product, which typically does not carry very - the same type of specialization necessary in the distribution channel that does drive higher-margin products like our specialty products. And then the last question is on the long-term growth outlook. I think one of the key messages that is behind your question and behind how we think about it. And partly why we're calling out those elements that may be a little unusual. Again, just like with GLP-1s COVID vaccines, and other form of innovation. We like innovation. It provides us new opportunities and new growth as an enterprise. And so part of the answer to this question is, well, how do these innovative products evolve and transition over time? Is that a continued opportunity. Is it lumpy? Is this year may be higher or lower than what that volume will be in the future? That - those are all hard questions to answer. But what we saw here is a bit of an influx of innovation that we've been able to benefit from while using the same infrastructure. So one thing that's really important to highlight about our performance this quarter, so we had really nice gross margin growth and we had very flat SG&A. I made the comment about the operating leverage in my comments. That's what I'm getting at is that we were able to execute very efficiently this quarter and whether we're talking about vaccines or other products, having that gross margin because it's an incremental product category for us because, of course, we do not participate in that volume last year but we're able to leverage the same capacity, the same team, that's an efficient use of our distribution channel. And as we get more opportunities like that, then there's some opportunity. But one of the key things that Aaron highlighted in a number of his comments, whether it's his comments, whether it's his comments or his answers to the question, is that our underlying growth and we feel very good about that long-term target. And a lot of what we've seen here was the Q1 overperformance both from vaccines, but also just the core utilization being very strong. That's not the same level of strength that we have indicated, we should be thinking about long-term. It's an opportunity for us, but that's not what we're expecting at this point in time. And it's not what we're guiding for the balance of the year in terms of the core growth. We expect that core growth to still be in that 4% to 6% range. But again, innovation can create some opportunities for us. That's hard to see right now, but we're not planning for that.
Jason Hollar: Yes. No, that's a great question. And it's - so when I step back and think about 18 months ago, what the root issue was, of course, we had international freight that was driving up the cost of everything in a multiple that was crazy, but you also had these other commodities that were - okay, so there are some commodities that are oil-based, so the oil input costs, but then you had the supply-demand factors going on too that I think overemphasized that issue because we don't buy oil, we buy products that contain oil. And so as oil goes up and down, that's often absorbed within the supply chain in a normal steady state, unless it gets outside of a certain band. So it did get outside that band, right? Oil went above $100 per barrel. And then you had other demand factors that were driving those commodity costs well beyond what the input cost impacts were. So you had a bit of an exponential increase in a number of commodities. So today, given that we're in a much more muted demand environment, as a broad industry because this is way outside of healthcare, right? This is a general economy not being as hot as it was at that point in time. When you see these types of input costs going up and down, it goes back to a bit more of a normal model, which is they're not being exaggerated and multiplied, they're just flowing through in a much more normalized steady state. So that's the reason why that I would not expect this under this current environment to get outside of normal bounds. So if you see the input costs going up and you see a heated economic environment that can further compound that impact, that's when we need to start worrying more about this. I know the importance of this will certainly be - day-to-day, we certainly spend a lot of time on this, but we'll continue to provide any insight that we see going forward. Of course, when we get into the very significant changes, that's the changes to our contracting structure that we've put into place. That's never going to be perfect. It's never going to be a one-for-one offset, but it's meant to really be active and impactful when you have those more extraordinary types of impacts that really kind of compound these items like I just referenced, and not just the normal types of more muted movements.
Jason Hollar: We really haven't provided quarterly guidance at the margin level for the pharma business. We were - we leaned in a bit in describing the impact to Q1 from the COVID vaccine distribution as well as Jason's comments around the expectations for Q2. Beyond that, I think you just need to take into account what we typically say about our business, which is, first, that we expect the consistent market dynamics from a generic perspective, right? And we are not assuming some of the benefits from a brand perspective in Q3 that we have previously seen. And that's how we are offering up today.
Jason Hollar: Yes. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. As we've said a few times, it was a great start to the year. We're pleased with our broad-based performance and to be in the position that we are today to raise our guidance after just the first quarter. We look forward to, certainly, continuing to update you on our progress against these plans throughout the year. And with that, thank you, and have a great day.
Aaron Alt: Eric, good morning. It's Aaron. Look, we were really pleased to see Q1 results slightly exceeding our external or rather our expectations. The results of the team doing what they had planned to do as well as being good managers and always looking for optimization opportunities across the portfolio, and so they did what they were expected to on the first part - or first part of the year for the medical improvement plan, and there were no notable one-time items contrary to some earlier quarters that complicated the results. So we were quite pleased with the results that we gave. And we do expect that to continue. You will have noted from our guidance for the year that we do expect slight continued improvement quarter-over-quarter. We are not changing our guidance for the year on medical. I want to emphasize that we've taken a balanced approach and believe that the $400 million profit number for the year is the right target and the right guidance for that business. And the plans also haven't changed, right? It's going to start with the continued execution of the Medical Improvement Plan and inflation mitigation elements that we've been talking about. Jason highlighted that we had hit 70% plus in the quarter as well, and they're going to continue to optimize and grow the Cardinal Health brand We're continuing to focus on driving more out of at home and the other growth businesses as well as simplification and cost optimization and so overall, a great quarter and good expectations for the year to come.
Aaron Alt: We're happy to provide a little more context. Look, it was a strong start to the year, and we remain very encouraged about the runway for the pharma business. And we did raise the guidance to 7% to 9%. It's really a result of three factors. First was just the strong Q1. And as Jason alluded to, we did have a contribution from the COVID vaccine distribution. And it was higher - that contribution was higher than what we had assumed in our original plans, just based on the timing of when the approvals came through. And frankly, our team's ability to jump on it and execute the way they did. Third element, though, was just the ongoing strength of the business under - other than the COVID vaccines, which is really consistent from an outlook perspective with the 4% to 6% guidance that we gave previously on a normalized basis. And just to remind you on that, what we had guided previously is that we expected low single-digit growth - profit growth from the core pharma business. We're expecting stability from the generics business, consistent market dynamics you often hear us say. We are expecting double-digit growth in the Specialty and Nuclear business, and Jason highlighted that progress in his comments earlier. And importantly, we are expecting brand inflation more in line with fiscal 2022, not the modest benefit that we saw in fiscal 2023, right? So look, we are early in the year. As we have done, we'll continue to update as we push ahead, but we're pleased with the results so far and the raise to the guidance.
Aaron Alt: So maybe if I can just wrap a bow around that from a guidance perspective, just to reiterate what our guidance is look for the - as we sit here today, the Medical segment guidance is $400 million of profit for this year, and we've talked about that extensively, leading to $650 million of profit in fiscal year 2026. While we are pleased with the progress on Pharma, one quarter into the year and are raising our guidance for this year for Pharma, the 7% to 9% profit growth. Our longer-term algorithm remains the 4% to 6% profit growth that we had called out at our Investor Day, leading to 12% to 14% adjusted EPS growth long-term as our overall guidance. We're not seeing changes to our long-term guidance as we sit here today. Now some may ask, and I've seen in some of the headlines well, you beat by a particular amount, but your raise is a little bit less than what that amount is. And the short answer to maybe get ahead of the question is that we had above-the-line benefits for which we and below-the-line benefits relative to consensus or expectations. And the real difference between our raise and how you might do that math is just we're not carrying forward the tax benefit that we saw in Q1 into the updated guidance for reasons I called out during my prepared remarks.
Aaron Alt: I'll answer the question. I think she was seeking to ask. The question from what I heard was interest and other, are we being conservative as well on what's going on with our share count? And I guess I would offer the following. We were pleased to see continued benefit in the quarter from I&O, driven by the fact that we have such high cash balances and the return we're receiving on those cash balances. We are, of course, also benefiting in the quarter from the fact that we are largely fixed rates. We have been now for several quarters. And so we haven't been exposed to the interest rate increases that some other companies may be dealing with, and that's just driven by the good stewardship previously. We do have a maturity coming at the end of fiscal 2024. It's about $750 million or so from recollection. And we've commented that we're likely to refinance that. I haven't commented on the timing of that as we care forward. And so we believe the guide - the updated guide we provided on I&O reflects the benefits and the various trade-offs in that. With respect to the share count, I do think it's important to call out that as we have consistently said, we don't guide for share count changes beyond the baseline share repurchase. We made a commitment at this during our Investor Day in June that our baseline share repurchase was going to be $500 million during fiscal year 2024. We completed that in the first quarter. That is the share repurchase we're talking about today, and our guide reflects the impact of that - of the completion of that share repurchase program. It does not reflect any other changes to share repurchase over the course of the year. As Jason called out earlier, we have the benefit of our cash balance. And having invested, having the plans that we do to invest in the business, CapEx-wise, $92 million in the first quarter, targeting $500 million for the year, and continue to make progress on our investment grade rating and the two outlook changes - positive outlook changes that we received during the quarter, having made our baseline share repurchase during Q1 as well as continuing to pay our dividend. As we are, as a dividend aristocrat and now we have the opportunity and support of the plans to take the resources we have available to us to invest back in the business with that specialty focus that Jason has called out several times to look at M&A in a disciplined manner, as Jason called out, and then to also consider further opportunistic share repurchase in due time as we assess how the year is performing. I think that's where Elizabeth was going.
