Jeffrey Henderson: At our Q2 call, I mentioned that the year-to-date breakdown between what I would say are external factors and sort of internal performance factors was in the range of 75, 25 or thereabouts. Now, as I also said at time, it’s always hard to come to a definitive break between those two because clearly, as we improve our internal performance, our ability to capitalize on external changes increases so it’s a bit of a gray line. But I would say that rough breakdown that I talked about in Q2 probably still applies to Q3 and the overall year-to-date.
Jeffrey Henderson: Let me break it down into a few different areas, starting within the Med segment. There were two major transformational initiatives going on this year that we invested in. One was our overall Med Transformation which was a multiyear, pretty significant overhaul of our processes and systems with our Med supply and manufacturing business. Incrementally, this year, we're going to spend about $25 million more on that program than we did last year, and last year's spend was relatively minimal. The spend next year will be about the same. So there won't be a positive benefit from it next year, but it will be pretty much neutral in terms of the year-on-year spend. The other major transformation within the Med segment was in our ambulatory space, particularly related to customer-facing IT systems and ordering platforms. The bulk of that investment has happened already. There will be a little bit still to be finished up next year, but I would actually expect that to be a net positive next year both due to lessened investment but also because we're reaping the benefits of that transformation that we've done over the past year and a half. On the Pharma side, the biggest investment we've made this year has to do with our ordering systems that we put in our customers’ pharmacies. We're in the midst of rolling that out to our customers across the U.S. There was significant spend related to that this year. I would expect the spend next year to be about equivalent for that implementation. So again, neutral impact from FY '10 to '11. And then, as always, there's a certain amount of investment spend that sort of hold at Corporate to fund certain initiatives and strategic imperatives over the course of the year. That was a negative variance from FY '09 to FY '11 –- I’m sorry, from FY ’09 to FY '10 in the range of I’d say $15 million or so. I would say it would be largely neutral going into next year. So hopefully, that helps.
Jeffrey Henderson: All I’ll say on that for now is that at a minimum, we assume that we'll do share repurchases equal to the amount required to offset the dilution from equity share ratios under our management programs.
Jeffrey Henderson: Lisa, actually that does not begin implementation until January 1, 2013, so that would not impact the FY ’11 at all.
Jeffrey Henderson: The answer to your first one, in the last call, we said that the total impact from both the fewer generic launches this year and generic deflation from products that launched last year was the net impact was going to be about down $75 million year-on-year. Based on what we saw in Q3, where we saw a few more launches than we had anticipated and a little less deflation on a few products than we had been anticipating, we now view that number for the full year to be closer to around down 50. And to clarify my comments regarding next year -- I'm glad you asked that because that probably needs clarifying -- what I meant is the net impact from generic launches from deflation next year from a dollar standpoint is about neutral -- so flat to this year.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, Garen, I think on the sort of currency-adjusted revenue growth rate year-to-date, I would peg it at about mid-teens. So even when you backed out the currency benefit, they've had a very, very strong year, which I'm always very proud of.
Jeffrey Henderson: Yes, I would say the biggest one, Charles, is the contingent brand inflation, that we saw some fairly significant increases from the branded vendors that still fall into our contingent category of fees in Q3. Quite honestly, in Q4, we are expecting very, very little of that. In fact, one of our largest contingent vendors that typically would do a fairly significant price increase in Q4, our expectations are that price increase will not happen. So again, our income from brand inflation from contingent vendors is a very conservative view of Q4. That both is responsible for the largest step-down from Q3 to Q4 in terms of farm income. It's also the largest driver of the decline from last year to this year. But there's a few other factors in Q4 as well. Clearly, we still face the headwinds related to the Pfizer DSA transition, which also impacted Q3. But the impact on Q4 is slightly higher. We expect fewer generic launches this year versus last year. As you may recall, Adderall launched in Q4 of last year, which was a fairly significant value generic launch for us. We don't see anything of even comparable size in our Q4. And then as we indicated, our nuclear supply shortage continues to be quite severe. That impacted us for part of Q3. It's going to impact us for the entire Q4, and it has turned out to be a pretty big challenge for us. So those would be the big factors. Again, the other thing I'd point out is that our tax rate in Q4 will be about four percentage points higher than it was in Q4 of last year.
Jeffrey Henderson: In answer to the first one, yes, we actually track two types of branded inflation. There's just the general market inflation, which tracks very closely to what you would see in the published reports, which I think by most published reports this year have been in the sort of high-single digits. But more importantly, from sort of a quarterly swing factor perspective, we also track the brand inflation from our contingent vendors. And that does differ from the overall market. And this year has been more in the mid-single digits as we've commented on before. But we think that most of that happened in the first three quarters of the year, which is why we're not projecting much in Q4. Regarding whether we'll see those price increases happen next year, don't know. I mean we always assume a certain level of contingent branded price increase in each year. Now exactly the timing of those and which ones will happen at which rate, again, we sort of look at it largely as an overall portfolio. So it's hard to say which specific ones will happen in Q1 or not.
Jeffrey Henderson: I fully understand your question, Larry, and let me just build on what George said. First of all, I wouldn't view it as us taking down Q4. I would view it as taking up the year and recognizing that there were shifts between quarters and probably some of the stuff that we were expecting in Q4 before happened in Q3. But let me be a little bit more specific regarding some of the year-on-year negative drivers in Q4. First of all, the headwinds from the Pfizer DSA and MSI transitions that we've been talking about all year probably hit us to the largest degree in Q4, given past timing of Pfizer price increases. And that's worth $0.03 to $0.04 of negative impact year-on-year. Other brand inflation that we think sort of got shifted primarily earlier and that's in the $0.04 range. Lack of generic launches is $0.01 to $0.02, again versus last year. The impact of the nuclear supply shortage, as we've said, was at least $0.02, so I'll put that in the $0.02 to $0.03 range. The tax rate increase is worth about $0.03. And then, we'll probably be occurring at higher performance compensation rates as well in Q4, which could be worth another $0.03 or so. So I think as you add those up, you can quickly get to the difference between growth and the negative growth we'll be anticipating. The final thing I'll point out, and obviously, you know this, Larry, but just to state it, our Q4 is traditionally always lower than our Q3 due to just the nature of our business.
Jeffrey Henderson: And we're glad to be able to give some really look at our expectations for '11, but we will, as you would expect at the end of Q4 when we've completed our final budgets, we'll provide greater detail on the segments. Right now, I'm actually feeling good about where we are as a business. I'm feeling good about 2011 but I think at this point, it's probably too early to be giving any direction on the segments. But again, I'll suffice it to say the things we've done during the course of this year to help position us have been productive and probably a little faster than we might have otherwise modeled. There is a little bit of color in the slides that we gave you on some of the, let's say, assumptions in our general thinking about next year, but I think I'll come out of 2010 feeling pretty good about where we going to be going in 2011. But we'll provide some greater detail when we get to that at the end of Q4.
Jeffrey Henderson: No, I would say we start seeing material benefit towards the end of 2012 and then a very significant benefit in 2013. We're identifying some early wins along the way, which we'll try to accelerate and capture as quickly as possible, but I think in terms of meaningful impact on our working capital and our margins, we're really looking late fiscal '12 and then fiscal '13. And it's probably too early to quantify that at this time [ph].
Jeffrey Henderson: The bulk rate for Q3 was 48 basis points, which was about two basis points lower than the same quarter last year.
Jeffrey Henderson: No, I think it's in that range, Ricky, $110 million to $115 million, perhaps. And that would imply a fairly comparable level to what we saw in Q3. I think you have to back out though the benefit of the CareFusion sale in the Q3 numbers. And you may be comparing the GAAP numbers because there's a significant -- that $23 million gain that we recognized appears in interest and others. So when I refer to that $110 million level, I'm excluding the CareFusion gains we've realized this year.
Jeffrey Henderson: First of all, just to build a little bit on what George has said about what happened in Q3. Given the very large nature of some of our customers, particularly on the bulk side, you can sometimes get a fairly significant swing in the cord [ph] just because of timing of orders. It may not necessarily track their demand, but they may place a very large order on December 29 and that may shift something from Q3 to Q2. So with our very large customers, it's always hard to read too much into the timing of the orders. Regarding our view going forward, I'd say within the Pharma side, we're generally going to track the market, although recognizing that those two large customer losses or terminations that we had earlier this year still haven't lapsed. So we'll still feel the effect from that going into Q2 of next year. But if you sort of adjust for that, we expect to generally track the market and exactly how close we'll track the market will depend on how our customers perform in terms of market share versus the broader market. On the Med/Surg side, again, we had a few unusual events this year that for the first three quarters tended to abnormally elevate our revenue growth. Again, we had the recognition of revenue related to the CareFusion spin in Q1. We had a extraordinary flu season in Q1 and Q2. Those events clearly won't repeat in Q4 and probably into next year. So I would say generally, we expect to track the market and the markets we participate in. And I'd say we have a somewhat cautious view for the next couple quarters until we see exactly where the economy settles out, et cetera. But I'd say in general, we see modest growth for the current periods.
Jeffrey Henderson: Clearly, the supply situation in Nuclear is having an impact on their revenues as well, which fall into the Pharma segment. That had some impact in Q3, will clearly impact Q4 and very likely most of Q1 until the supply situation stabilizes heading into Q2.
Jeffrey Henderson: The sort of annual portion of our branded by margin that is now contingent-based is less than 20% after the Pfizer transition. It seems like a small amount, but as George said, when that 20% occurs quarter-by-quarter, it can have significant quarterly swings, which is also why it's sometimes difficult to predict exactly how those numbers will play out.
George Barrett: It's been very encouraging progress on this account. I think there's still room to ro, Tom. I don't know how -- I can’t give you a complete quantification. I can tell you that we are significantly north of what we had set as a target. But I still think we experienced some leakage, and we're working very hard to continue to close any gap in our compliance rates. So I think there’s still room to go, but certainly I'm pleased at the progress we’re making.
George Barrett: Glen, let me just start in sort of a qualitative sense, and then I’m going to turn it over to Jeff. We really set out a game plan with some of these investments very well articulated upfront to ourselves in terms of what we want to do. And then we also knew that there were some key initiatives and highlights that were being considered inside the business units. And I would say we're making good progress on both counts. What I'll do is to turn it over to Jeff. I think he can give you a little bit more of a sense of breakdowns particularly as it relates to the [indiscernible] investments that we’ve made.
George Barrett: Lisa, I probably would revert a little bit back to the general comments I made. We're really trying to do this without a fixed model. We have sort of a balanced view of this. Certainly, our goal is to create a competitive advantage for ourselves and to make sure that we're generating shareholder return. And so we’re looking at every way to do that. And so, if that can be done organically, obviously, we’ll pursue it and pursue it aggressively to the extent that we think building out a capability in one of our target areas requires some kind of external mover that we could turbo charge the effect, then we’d certainly look at those things.
George Barrett: And Steve, just a bit of extra color. Part of the -- the interesting phenomenon, as you know, having covered the generic industry is that we've taken a sort of risk-adjusted approach to modeling, and that's something we articulated about a year ago. What happens, of course, is when you get launches at risk or settlements, of course, those don't come out risk adjusted. They're binary. They either happen or they don't happen. It's been a year in which we've had quite a good number of launches at risk as well as some settlements and that's the phenomenon that we deal with and of course, we'll deal with every year.
George Barrett: Well it's a bit of a question of integrating the pieces. There's no one part. It starts with focus and making sure that everybody understands the goal of growing this part of the business, growing share of wallet and expanding our generic presence. We've done a lot of sales training, as I mentioned during my prepared comments. We are making sure that our incentive systems are aligned to drive the right behaviors. We've tried to create programs for our customers that are really flexible and tailored to their unique needs because every one of our customers is different and has different needs and making sure that we're monitoring measuring this important factor all the time, then linking it to a proper kind of sourcing model. And so I think it's the integration of those pieces and we're making some good progress there.
George Barrett: So our Canadian business has done a terrific job. They've been able to bring in new customers, as well as expand their business with existing customers who see their extraordinary distribution and service support as a way of penetrating the market.
George Barrett: I think we're assuming that we'll track the market again. So we're not modeling in at this point a pickup related to the economy. We are, of course, somewhat encouraged by what we've seen in recent weeks or days in the broad economy but still taking a cautious outlook.
George Barrett: I just want to start and then I'm going to turn it to Jeff because I do think there are sort of natural fluctuations to the quarters, number one. We don't guide by quarter and that's actually a very good reason for it. Right now, I would say again, the characteristics of the business continue today as they did two months ago. These are largely the mechanics of our business. The one thing that I would probably call out is just that we were going through this nuclear shortage but actually have done very well in light of it. And while we'll suffer a little bit from that comp in Q4 in Nuclear, this is largely the mechanics of business flowing through. But I'm going to just turn it to Jeff at that point.
George Barrett: Again, I'm going to probably sort of [indiscernible] this up a little bit to the general comment, but I will say this: It is certainly not our goal to trap cash. That is not necessarily productive for our shareholders and we want to make sure that we're putting cash to work effectively in any number of forms and including investment on the right things internally. So I won't give any more color on that. Other than that, we're going to take a very balanced look at this with that [ph] pre-existing formula and from that we'll say it as we go.
George Barrett: I think what we track is really outpatient procedures, elective procedures, admissions and discharges. I would say the data has been generally a bit soft as you're hearing. We've been growing, largely, by -- again, we were a relatively small position, and so partly we're growing through focus and the kind of IT investment that we've talked about and making the experience with ambulatory centers more effective. So I think it's some share movement. I would say the market is certainly experiencing a little bit of the softness that you've described. As it relates to our formulary approach, this is really -- we've just really begun to build out our capabilities and to reorganize around both the right channels and the right business categories. The early efforts, particularly as we see as to our private label work, is showing good result. But I'd say it's early days so I don't want to get ahead of us, but we're really excited about this as a model for serving customers in the way they need to be served and creating value for them. And we think that will provide a margin expansion for us as well.
George Barrett: No, we're really pleased with the way this program is rolling out. First, let me remind you that we continue to do business with the entire mix of generic suppliers. As it relates to our preferred program, we've been able to narrow that group. We did this with, I would say, a relatively thoughtful strategic perspective by product, not just by company. So thinking about which products we're going to launch, where exclusivities would lie, who was involved in the mix, who had what capabilities, who was specialized in which areas. So I don't think there's been any fallout. And again, I would also remind you that we've got, I would say, strong relationships with all the suppliers. And so some of these companies that might have not been the number one player were in a bad position. There've been, as you know, some disruptions in the market this year and some of those players have been available to us to step up. So we're pleased with the way that's unfolding and think we're on the right path.
George Barrett: Well I don't think I'm prepared to set out a goal. We will internally, and that's part of our final budgeting process. I'm always a little reluctant to give exact numbers. I would tell you that we have substantially exceeded that growth target. So exact rate is probably not something I'm comfortable describing at this point. But we're very pleased with the rate and I would say through nine months, we're well past the target.
George Barrett: So while I won't give you targets at this point, we haven't even finalized them internally, I will say that we're assuming some ongoing improvement of genetic compliance or generic penetration rate. As it relates to the second, these are both spring, I think, June dates on the renewals. I can tell you definitively that one of them is in final contract negotiations today, and we feel good about our progress on all of those conversations.
George Barrett: Yes, Robbie [ph], we had relatively modest growth. We really followed the market, which is in the 1% range this period. So I think the noteworthy success for us was the growth of our generics inside the independent that total growth of independents was just following the market at this point. This is a great question. People ask it all the time. I wish I knew how to answer how do you describe what we were covered from the last business during the challenges of 18 months ago. And the probably is you can't do a one-for-one comparison because in a sense, there's always some churn, so we're picking up business. We don't know for sure whether or not it's exactly the business you lost, partly because we were doing business with most of those players throughout, but they significantly reduced business during that stretch. So I don't know how to answer the question about how much exactly from the amount lost was picked up. We can just give you a general sense of growth, and we believe it will continue to grow this business.
George Barrett: Yes, so let me start by saying as you know and you've touched on, we do have a couple of large customers, so to some extent, our revenue growth is linked to the performance of any of those customers. I'm not really all that comfortable characterizing their business, that's really for them to do, other than to say that with a couple of these major customers, we're enormous suppliers. We are doing a bulk of their -- the vast majority of their business, and so to some extent, we track how they do. Beyond that, and I'll turn it to Jeff to sort of just give you the general thinking about the revenue assumption here.
George Barrett: Yes, Helene, it's George. You can assume that whatever has happened and is in the public domain, and there're a few that I know you're referring to, that's assumed into our preliminary outlook here. So yes, it has been some interesting stuff in the last few weeks, and it's all essentially built into this assumption.
George Barrett: First of all, I don't want to say that it'll be completely converted over in our entire book of business by 2010. It is possible but that's not something I could tell you. It's not, at this point, clear. There's no question that every time one of the major players converts, it does smooth out the nature of our business. And as you know, today is still a relatively small part, but it can from quarter-to-quarter show up, and we do think that, that volatility that comes from that mechanism of compensation will diminish the volatility.
George Barrett: Yes, John, I actually don't think so. I think what's been noteworthy is that we had one player convert from one system to another. And the other thing that's been noteworthy is that I would say price increases used to be relatively predictable in timing. And so in a sense, we could provide greater color on that, and I think all of you learned to have the expectation. Actually what's happened with the few players that do this, it's just a little bit less predictable in the last 12 months. So that's probably just part of a phenomenon in the system.
George Barrett: Well let me just again, describe it generally. Look, the generics market is, of course, a competitive market. And we expect it to be that way. We've just, I think, done a better job of making our offering attractive and making sure that we're doing the right things on the sourcing side to make us an attractive partner with the generic companies. So I would certainly not say suddenly it's not a competitive market. Of course it's a competitive market. So we live with that every day. On the branded relationships, we feel good that we've got strong and pretty deep relationships with our branded suppliers. And so we've continued to have very productive conversations. We feel very clear and we hope we articulate well to our branded partners how we create value for them and being their partner and getting products into the system. So I fell relatively good about that. But everybody feels the pressure, it's part of the system today and we'd just assume that going forward.  Well thanks, all of you. I know this has been a little bit longer of a call, but we wanted to make sure that we gave everyone time to ask questions. And so I'll just end by reiterating how encouraged we are by our performance in the quarter and through the first nine months. We do remain focused on executing on our strategic priorities and continuing to improve the customer experience and we're pleased that, that's showing up in some of our progress. So we look forward to providing more detail on our initial guidance for fiscal 2011 on our fourth quarter call. We look forward to talking with you then and thanks for your time today.
