George Barrett: Let me try to answer that, although I'm not sure our assumptions frankly have changed all that much. But I think partly I would argue that the wave has already started and even if you look back, '10 was larger than most people thought. One thing that I've been saying for some time is that predicting the timing of launches can be difficult, and you know this well. And that can tie to all the complexities associated not only with patent law but also at the technology and the complexity associated with many of the drugs that are being launched during this period. And so you have this shifting tide a little bit as it relates to when a product is going to be launched. So by and large we've seen is that '10 was larger than we would have originally modeled. '11 has been stronger. '12 is about as we modeled it. Again, these are our fiscal years and for us and our product line. And '13 looks a bit better than we have seen. So it is more of a rounded shape and it's really driven by those dynamics. Sometimes it's very difficult to predict as you grow out years and particularly by quarter when a product is going to launch. So it's really the dynamics I mentioned, complexity, patent issues and even the nature of the drug. What is a small branded drug can turn out to be a significant generic opportunity as would a very large branded drug can turn out to be relatively small and have a competitive generic opportunity. And so we just have to take all these into account. I know many of you do that and I guess that's the best I can summarize.
George Barrett: Glen, it's really a combination of both. We're always thrilled at the opportunity to launch a new drug. But we actually got very solid contribution from existing products. And we've talked a little bit about this both expanding to new customers but also doing better with each customer. And so I would say, net-net it's a really positive combination of those two factors. It's not just about new launches.
George Barrett: I would say it's probably less of people sort of shifting their basic strategy than our performing better for each account. The other thing that I probably should note also that a dynamic, and I think Jeff mentioned it, is that the deflation rate also was a little bit less than we've seen. I would describe that largely as more event driven than necessarily systemic. But we certainly saw, and what I mean by that is a product, let's say that had exclusivity, if we model to lose exclusivity or to be competitive at a certain number of competitors and that dynamic was different. So deflation rate was a little bit lower, contribution with existing customers' expansion and some new customers, particularly in the independent retail side and the value of new launches.
George Barrett: By saying event driven, I don't want to make it specifically about the quarter, I think it's a more long-lasting issue. But really what I'm describing the primary drivers are how you see big products moving from a less competitive to a more competitive stage. And also what happens when you have disruptions in the market. We've had that in a lot of categories particularly in injectable drugs and that has created less deflation. And as one of our competitors mentioned, we have seen a couple of cases of inflation. But I'm not necessarily going to describe this as a sort of broad-based systemic trend but rather it seems to be tied to certain dynamics. Now again, it's not that there may not be some broader trend but I'm not sure the data is completely there yet to make that statement. But certainly, it's driven by shortages that we've seen, the market disruption and certainly some exclusivity dynamic.
George Barrett: It's hard to answer yet. And I think we'd probably -- again, we're going to take a cautious view on this going forward. We were encouraged certainly to see the uptick, but I think it's probably too early to say this is a trend. And it's probably too early to be able to completely attribute cost. Our hope is that some general recovery in the economy, is having people feeling optimistic and more ready to do the things that they might have done a couple of years ago from a utilization standpoint. But we'll continue to model with a bit of a cautious eye right now.
George Barrett: Yes. So I'll start by saying, I probably will not provide market share at this point. I would tell you that our market share in the New York metropolitan and extended area was quite, quite small. So we're really pleased to be able to sort of increase that. But let me go back now to the first part of your question, Bob. A lot of this is about a dedicated focus to growing this business that we've really been really plugging away at for nearly two years to really rebuild our organization, the training of our sales people, the actual organizational design, the service offerings that we provide to independent retailers. It's really, really quite substantial. So I think it's been about focus, it's been about very tailored programs, almost strategies of one as we like to call it for each of these customers. So think of each one of these community pharmacies as its own business. So we've done a lot of things, we put together, I think I've mentioned our sales college, where we have our sales people in for training. Great execution there and trending on generics. So I think our programs are really among the industry leaders and with that extra dedicated focus from our team and our leadership, I think we've been able to really create value for the customers.
George Barrett: Well, it's a number of things. Certainly over any period, it's about contribution to our earnings and that business is already beginning to do that, and we're pleased with that. Part of it for us is building out a presence in the community to allow us to compete in markets where we just didn't have standing in the past. And I think our positioning in oncology a little bit of an increased position in some other therapeutic areas is beginning to happen. And so in a sense the covered lives associated with some of these Pathways programs is really a little bit of a surrogate marker to know that we're actually beginning to play and play effectively. We are beginning to pick up some interest in our distribution. We've signed our -- I think you've heard them say in November our first customers during this past quarter, the distribution will be part of our expectation. And we are at early stages there, certainly, but expect that to be something we'll measure and we intend to compete effectively in.
George Barrett: Ricky, again, just to qualify to make sure to jump on here. Obviously, both part of the business is important to us but, again, I think Jeff's talking about the specific efficiency initiatives and programs that we have really across both our bulk and our non-bulk businesses.
George Barrett: Let me start, Larry, it's a really good question and then I'm actually going turn it to Jeff, who can probably provide a little bit of the detail on it. The SOURCE program as you know for us is our preferred generic program. It's a very high priority for us. This is the business in which we offer customers the opportunity to essentially have us be their generic arm. We source the products with the suppliers, we provide sort of a what we think is a differentiated value proposition downstream to those customers. Those tend to be more profitable on average than the other components of our generic mix. But we certainly have other generic business, there is product that we sell on contract, there is product that we sell to hospitals, there is product that we sell to warehousing and non-warehousing chains that may be on some different kind of contract. And so we do have some components of our generic business that are not the preferred program. But I would say that a good proportion of our business is the preferred program and it's a high priority for us, and we're really pleased with the progress there.
George Barrett: I think the integration in a case like this is actually relatively straightforward because remember that we're not changing the distribution platform. We're keeping largely the model that these customers have been used to working with. And so in a way the integration is rather straightforward. The part that you're describing which is integration of generics is already happening. But that certainly didn't happen in that first week. But we think that, that should be a great opportunity for those customers and a good opportunity for us.
George Barrett: I would say it was probably a combination of both. I mean, we recognize that in our business, in order to be part of the solution to the supply-chain efficiencies that we need to be continually focused on the efficiency of our own organization and a complete supply chain. So focusing on bringing down expenses and getting more efficient is an ongoing part of the business. So I'm hopeful that the sorts of reductions that we took in, in the first half of this year will be a permanent part of our cost base going forward now. That's not to say that a couple of specific things that we did in the quarter, but I would generally view most of our cost reduction is just that we undertake to be sort of a permanent part of our structuring going forward. By the way, I want to come back to a question that was asked earlier about bulk and non-bulk because I know there's always a bit of a confusion on this issue with respect our large national chains, I know some of you know this, but I just wanted to be clear that our sales to large national chains consist of both bulk and non-bulk sales. That to the extent that we deliver directly to the pharmacies, those are considered non-bulk sales to the extent that we deliver directly to their warehouses, those are considered bulk sales. I just want to continue to provide the clarification to people.
George Barrett: First of all I would say what we're seeing for the remainder of fiscal '11 from Yong Yu is primarily what they brought to the table. For Kinray, I would say we're starting to see some of the synergies that we expected to bring to the table, materializing in the second half of the year. I would say a good bulk of what they're contributing is what they brought to the table. By the way related to acquisitions, just an update on intangibles because I've touched on that previously when we announced our three acquisitions in fiscal '11. I expect the total amount of intangible amortization related to the three acquisitions next year to be somewhere in the $85 million to $95 million range for the full year, which is fairly consistent with the early preliminary guidance that we had given you at the time we announced each of those acquisitions. So again, to provide that input. In terms of our expectations though, overall for the contribution, I would say what we've said previously is largely still the case for each of the three acquisitions.
George Barrett: It was just the last couple of weeks we've got two different storms. And so it's very early to sort of judge exactly how we've come through this week. But last week, we got the results, folks did an incredible job and we were tracking it, all of us, through the night. And I think our customers were hopefully appreciative of the work that our teams did.
George Barrett: Sure. Again, I'm going to be careful because we're not -- I wanted to try to help create a little bit of shape and it's really about the shape of the curve. By and large what we're talking about is the margin impact for us. And so that again primarily the big movement here is more about I would say margin than revenue.
George Barrett: No, actually, you always hope it is as it appears to be when you do your work and the due diligence when you get to the finish line. And our teams are feeling very good about the way it's playing out and the team there in New York is doing a great job. Our folks here are really pleased with the ways it's unfolding.
George Barrett: Robbie, it's George. Let me start it first and most important is we referred right now in a period where we're really quite focused on executing and making sure that we deliver value from our core business and from those moves that we've made in the last six months, so it's very important to us and I want to emphasize it to you. I'd also say this, we know that this is a dynamic environment certainly in the U.S. and outside. I hope that we have an organization that is mindful of those things and is really committed to creating long-term and sustained value from our business model to our shareholders. And over that stretch to the extent that we see opportunities, whether those are here or perhaps in another market, we'll certainly evaluate. But again, I wouldn't steer you to one particular area. I would say this, we've tried to make sure that the moves that we make are close to home in a business sense and that whatever we do we can bring value to. And that is a very important lens for us. So I again, that's probably as much shape as I can give you.
George Barrett: Thanks, Shaquana. Let me just close by saying we've had a very strong first half and we certainly look forward to the future with optimism. I want to thank all of you for joining us on today's call and hope you have a good day.
Jeffrey Henderson: Good question Ross, and I'm not going to comment specifically on customer pricing but I will say whenever we have increases in the cost of our goods, we look for opportunity to either mitigate those costs, pass them on or pass them back. And that happens right away and we're continually in a state of looking for ways to reduce our exposure or minimize the impact. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily in reaction to any particular inquiries. It's sort of an ongoing part of how we try to manage the business and reduce the overall volatility of the business.
Jeffrey Henderson: So the rate for Pharma sales to non-bulk customers was 2.16% for the quarter, which was up 18 basis points versus last year's Q2. However, I just said previously, the quarter-by-quarter comparison, to us at least, for these margin rates is really less relevant than a longer-term trend comparison. So let me try to give you some of the longer-term information. Year-to-date, for the first two quarters of the year, the rate for non-bulk is 2.17% which is 29 basis points favorable to the first half of fiscal '10 and 24 basis points favorable to the full year rate we experienced for fiscal 2010. And for bulk customers, the year-to-date rate is 28 basis points, which is about 12 basis points favorable to the first half of fiscal '10 and one basis point favorable to the full year rate for fiscal '10.
Jeffrey Henderson: As we said previously, our guidance for fiscal 2011 assumed $250 million of gross repurchases. We've completed that for the year, so our guidance does not assume any additional repurchases this year.
Jeffrey Henderson: I'm not going to comment specifically on the pricing in the renewals, Ricky. And I will say, a lot of the quarter-to-quarter variance that we get in bulk is due to timing of orders, timing of branded price increases in a particular quarter. And I would think, quite honestly, there aren't a lot of specific initiatives that we undertake to influence the bulk rate other than what we do in our normal business to begin with, which is to maximize sales and maximize the efficiency of our operations, et cetera. But I wouldn't say we have a particular focus on the bulk business. Most of our initiatives from a sales and operational perspective are focused on the non-bulk part of the business, where we have the greatest day-to-day influence and to the extent they carry over to bulk, great. But I wouldn't necessarily say there's specific initiatives to point to there.
Jeffrey Henderson: Kinray contribution for the quarter was very little. We had basically a week of sales, so it was roughly immaterial to our financials.
Jeffrey Henderson: I would say the range of guidance that we've given would reflect in any financial variability related to the weather that we've seen. It's too early to say regarding any specific impact. I will say, as always, our team is doing a great job of responding, and I have to admit, from a personal standpoint, it always boggles my mind how good we are at fighting through issues like this and meeting our customers' needs during times when much of the country has shutdown, we still manage to get through with I think is a huge testament to our people.
Jeffrey Henderson: We've talked previously about both winning Baylor, about the expansion of the relationship with HPG, about winning a large research-based IDN. And those are beginning to layer in really right now and will affect us in the second half of the year. I would say on top of those we've had a couple of other notable wins as well that we haven't disclosed publicly. But I would say generally the track record over the past six months has been very positive.
Jeffrey Henderson: Backing out the three deals? No, I didn't. But I would say Kinray and Yong Yu had virtually no impact on the growth rate. And, no, we haven't backed out for P4, probably because we look at P4 as part of the entire Specialty Solutions business within the Pharma segment, which includes our legacy business whose actually performed quite well for the quarter. But we haven't broken out the impact of P4 specifically.
Jeffrey Henderson: It negatively impacted working capital for the quarter for a couple of reasons. In part because we had the full balance sheet at the end of the quarter, but not the full income statement for the period that we measure necessarily. Secondly, as you would expect, Yong Yu has longer networking capital days than you would typically see in the U.S. And I would say for both those reasons, they negatively impacted the days, and I would expect it would be a slight increase to our days going forward as well.
Jeffrey Henderson: I think an added perspective to China and Yong Yu is right now we're focused on integrating that business and growing them organically. However, at the time we announced the deal, we recognized that over time doing certain smaller tuck-in acquisitions to gain greater regional presence in certain high-growth areas which was probably something we would very much look at, and I would say that remains the case.
