Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, yes. But yes, that is a higher run rate than what we saw in Q1 and Q2 of this year, and that's for 2 reasons. Number one, since we're going live with the national implementation this quarter, we begin depreciating the assets. So that begins flowing through our income statement. But on top of that, as you get towards the end of any project like this, you actually do incur a fair amount of expense as you finalize the training and develop contingency plans for the go-live and ensure stabilization once you've rolled out the implementation. So the run rate that we'll see in Q3 and Q4 will probably be the highest expense run rate that we've seen for the project and higher than Q1 and Q2. Now once we get through the end of this year, all the project implementation spend largely goes away. Clearly, we still have the ongoing depreciation, but the benefits that we expect to realize in the project really kick in beginning in Q1 and then ramp up. And as I said during my prepared remarks, they well more than offset any ongoing depreciation that we have from the implementation.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No, good question, Ross, and there isn't. We don't reflect in our guidance any deals that haven't closed. So there's nothing reflected for Futuremed.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. It's a possibility that there could be a write-off as a result of some of the actions that we're taking, Tom. Yes, that's reflected. Any likely range for that is reflected in our guidance. And yes, that's part of the Q3 specifics that I provided.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: We're still working through it. And as I said, it's still a possibility. So it's not certain. But could it be $0.02 to $0.03? Yes. But we're still working through exactly what it would look like, if in fact it will occur. But if it does, it could be up to that sort of range.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Sure, Lisa. This is Jeff. Yes, we said that non-bulk sales in the Pharma segment grew 14.8% in the quarter. I would say probably same-store sales is lower single digits. But on top of that, we have 2 significant wins that we have publicly announced previously, and that was picking up both Duane Reade and the Longs business. So clearly, that helped the growth rate as well. And then the Kinray acquisition and the China acquisitions also contributed to that. Without Kinray, just to provide you some data, the non-bulk growth rate is about 8.3%.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Lisa, the only thing I'd add is that dividends have been and continue to be an important part of our capital deployment story going forward.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Ricky, on the market growth, our best estimates are that both script and probably dollars growth for generics were in the lower single digits. Clearly, we did much better than that, which I think continues to reflect the performance that we've had in improving our generics sales over the past couple years. And obviously, it also reflects the Kinray acquisition in the second quarter as well. And again, keep in mind that Kinray came into our books very late in the second quarter of fiscal '11.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No. As has been happening for the past couple years, the seasonality in our business continues to decrease over time as more and more of our brand pharma contracts go to a DSA basis. I also think it's true in the Medical segment. Traditionally, Q3 in the Medical segment has been one of our strongest ones. And again, I think some of the seasonality in that business segment has decreased over the years as well. So I guess that's point number one. Point number two, I mentioned the potential write-off of inventory in nuclear, the majority of which would happen in Q3. So obviously, that would depress Q3 somewhat as well. We also, as I referred to, think there was a bit of a pull ahead of price increases from Q3 to Q2 this year. So I mean, those are some of the things that I would highlight. Also keep in mind that the commodity impact in Q3 for Medical, I referenced to be about $20 million in Q3. But if you sort of force out the Q4 based on the $70 million for the full year that I gave, you can see the Q4 number, it will be in the -- is expected to be in the single-digit million dollar range for commodity impacts. So I mean, those are all the things that I think are affecting the distribution between Q3 and Q4.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Right. So I want to be a little bit careful here because we haven't provided fiscal '13 guidance. And in particular, I'm not going to get into quarterly trends or anything. That all said, as I sort of referred to during my prepared remarks, if you look at the underlying trends, whether it be ambulatory or preferred products or the soon-to-be-launched implementation of MBT, many of the key strategic initiatives that we've been investing in to drive margin expansion continue to progress very well. And that's obviously very important. And then on the top line, again, good top line growth, net customer wins. Again, signs that bode very well for the future and really validating the value proposition that we're bringing to all of our customers, acute care and ambulatory. That all said, it's a little bit early to be talking about fiscal '13 because some things still have to play out, and we're still watching commodity prices closely. But all I can real say is the underlying trends that we're executing on are performing well, and we feel good about them as we continue through FY '12 and prepare for '13.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, what we’ve been saying is that it would be slightly lower in fiscal '12 than we saw in fiscal '11. I think that's still the case, although probably some of that gap has been closed a little bit as we've gone through the first 6 months of the year. But I think slightly lower is probably still an accurate description. And honesty, there's still some big launches to come, and we're only a month and a bit into LIPITOR. So there's a lot to the year still to play out. So I wouldn't want to start making a final prediction too early until some of these things work themselves through.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. One specific one I was referring to was probably worth $0.01 to $0.02. So not huge in the scheme of things, but it was slightly different than our expectations.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I would say it's low 20s. Well, let me put it this way, very little acquisitions are in that 37% that I referenced. So I would say, virtually all of that is either the market or our ability to take share. So if that was your question, what is it excluding acquisitions? I'd say it's very close to that 37% of LDD that I referred to. By the way, our overall growth rate in China was in the low 20s. The 37% was the local direct distribution, which has been a key focus area for us. Our view of the market, if that's your question, is that it appears to be in the high teens right now in terms of the overall pharma market growth rate that we've seen in the last quarter or so.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No, the only thing I'd add is that we continue to invest very aggressively in that area as well. So as we continue to show success and grow, some of that increased profitability will be put back into the business because we want to continue to establish a platform in both oncology and other disease states that can be long-lasting. And we'll continue to do that as we show progress in the year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. Well, first of all, if your comparison is versus last year, keep in mind that we've had some pretty significant businesses that have continued to grow. Specialty has grown at a very high rate over that period and obviously, we're building up inventory to support that. China has continued to grow the top line very aggressively, so we're building up inventory for that. Was there some inventory at the end of the year to take advantage of certain price increases? I would say that was a portion of it, but definitely not the overwhelming portion. And then we also had some -- as we always do, we have unique ordering patterns at the end of -- particularly at the end of calendar years as people are looking to build inventory up for the holiday season, et cetera. So the end of Q2 is always a very difficult one to both predict, and quite frankly, depending on the day of the week it ends, et cetera, we can have a fluctuation of $200 million, $300 million, $500 million just based on unique ordering patterns. So other than those things, I don't think there's anything particularly unique to point out.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: We said before that we expect our fiscal '12 to be very similar to what we saw in fiscal '11. And I would say, so far, it's playing out almost exactly at that.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I'm not sure I want to get that specific for just one part of our business, quite frankly, Charles. But it's a multi-$100 million project that gets depreciated over generally a 5-year to 8-year period. So I think you can get an idea from that what the annual run rate would be.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes, let me touch on 3 of those that we referenced. First of all, med devices. I think, since this acquisition, we've built up a pretty nice med device 3PL business. We're also growing that into a more full-service line business for med device and have a number of key multinational partners that have launched with us or we're in discussions with. So again I think that's layering on very nicely. And we've developed -- and we're developing the national infrastructure that really facilitates that as well as we continue to build out our distribution center and LDD base. The second one is distributing and selling consumer healthcare products to retail, particularly retail pharmacies. That's a business that we launched at the end of fiscal '11. We have a strong partner that we've started with in that regard, and we're continuing to build that out with additional suppliers. That business is growing nicely. It's profitable already. I'd still -- say it's still relatively small in the overall scheme of things, but I am very encouraged about its potential. And then the last one is sort of a piloting we're doing of specialty direct-to-patient distribution. And that's in its early stages. But again, I think it has significant potential, given the unique characteristics of the Chinese market. So those are 3 of them that we are sort of building up but feel very good about.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: With the $352 million that we -- or 352 million diluted shares outstanding, I knew I'd get that eventually, that would assume that there's no further repo for the rest of the year, Bob.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. We had originally expected to start implementing that in January of this fiscal year. But the DoD informed us that they are going through a systems implementation. We prefer to push off that transition, and so we're now expecting it to start rolling out in May of this year.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I don't want to get into specific guidance on the Medical segment specifically, or particularly that specific. All I will say, that when you net out everything, so net out the benefits that we're getting from the implementation and some of the reduced project spend to implement it versus the increased depreciation, we're looking at a fairly healthy benefit next year. But I wouldn't want to get more specific than that at this point.
George S. Barrett: I won't be able to quantify this for you, but I can sort of just give you a little bit of color on it. Yes, I think the way you characterize it is right. We would say that generic deflation has been somewhat favorable. And this is really driven largely by a subset of what is this enormous multi-thousand product portfolio of generic drugs. So what we saw is, in this subset, in some products, we saw lower deflation; in some products, we actually saw price increases. And that's really driving the shift. So as to what causes it, it's sort of a good question and a hard one to answer. Some of this is probably a little bit event driven, in that the disruption of supply through parts of the system have had some impact on pricing. I think there's probably little doubt about that. The question is, if it's sustainable, it's a hard one to know because it's hard to know exactly what behavior would be. What I would say is this, that the characteristics that are driving some of the supply disruption, some of the shortages, those continue to persist for the moment. So that I would say, whether I would go and predict market behavior at this point, I'm not that comfortable doing that. But I would say that, to the extent that some of this is driven a little bit by the supply disruptions and some of the shortages, that may persist.
George S. Barrett: So here's what I'd say. If we go back 2 years ago and we look at the various components driving our business, the reorganization around category management, the focus on preferred product, the general efficiencies that we were going be looking at as we reorganized, our focus on growing our ambulatory setting, I would say those are all encouraging signs. The part that we probably didn't model well was what happened with oil prices and floods in Thailand that would affect our cotton prices this past year. So again, not in any way to make excuses, but those are the unplanned ones for us. But I would say in terms of the things that we control, I feel pretty good that the progress that we're making is solid. We measure them. We've got I think good lead indicators. Our market progress in terms of overall share and retention and wins feels good. So I think I'm encouraged that we're on the right path. I would be very happy to see the commodity situation stabilize.
George S. Barrett: A.J., this is always a hard one to answer because we've got so many activities and businesses and markets. This is -- business-by-business, it varies. I think our largest business in pharmaceutical distribution is, as always, a competitive market. But I think we're competing effectively. We've been able to I think bolster our share in the community pharmacy and the independent pharmacy space. We've had some encouraging signs in the chain world, in the retail chain world. And I think we've done well in the institutional areas, in hospitals and in ambulatory settings. So I think, in general, we feel a pretty encouraging sign across the board. Medical business is -- again, these are all competitive businesses. But I think as you saw from our revenue numbers, the growth of 9%, our Medical, that we're making some good progress there. So I would say, generally speaking, rather than be specific about individual count, I feel like we've got some sense of momentum and a pretty effective value proposition and a good market position throughout most of our businesses.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Other than to say that our guidance sort of encapsulates all of our thinking, as you can imagine, it's probably best for the parties to speak directly about how this issue may or may not have affected them. So I think it's better for us to just leave that alone for the moment.
George S. Barrett: Yes. I would say this, we have certainly seen a general trend toward IDNs looking to acquire or affiliate in some ways with physician's practices. Although, as you probably know, this varies a little bit by specialty area. So yes, I think in general, this plays to our historical strength in the IDN, and this is probably helpful to us in many ways. Having said that, I would acknowledge that we still do hear from some physicians that they like to practice in the community setting, and they believe that this is an excellent way to deliver care. So we still see a sort of robust community setting. But I think the general trend that you're describing is probably one that we would echo.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So I think what I can say is we are a supplier. All we've ever publicly disclosed is that we are a significant supplier to Walgreens, and I think that's probably covered in our public documents. And probably, that's what we can say at this point.
George S. Barrett: Lisa, I'm not sure that we would probably alter our perspective on that versus what we've said fairly recently. We really are looking at this in a balanced way. You know that we continue to believe that the dividend is an important part of our story to our shareholders and our value creation. We are always looking for the opportunity to strengthen our strategic positioning as a business and enhance the growth rates of our business. And to the extent that we find those opportunities, we are always ready to deploy capital in that area. Having said that, other than those things that we've announced and our observations about China that we just made, it would be hard to give you any particular indication that there's anything particular to discuss. We've always said that we regard share buybacks as a part of the equation when we accumulate cash, and that's the most effective way to deploy capital in our shareholders' interest. And of course, we have the investments and our own capital infrastructure of IT systems, everything else that we do to drive this core business. So there's not much to share other than we probably take -- I think we take a very balanced approach to looking at this and, we believe, very shareholder-friendly.
George S. Barrett: Ricky, I don't have the market growth rate in front of me. And maybe as we're talking, someone will grab that for me. We're actually fairly encouraged by what's happening with our generic business. As you know, for the last couple of years, I think we're making good progress. That's both in terms of I think same-store sales in effect or same -- from a company sales where we're doing better with each of our accounts. I think we've been more and more effective with each launch. I think that the distribution of our business and the mix of our business is actually favorable to the progress of our generic business. And I think we're just doing a more effective job as a global sourcer of generic products. So we've, generally speaking, been able to outgrow the market and feel pretty encouraged about that.
George S. Barrett: Let me let Jeff at least start this one, and I'll jump in. Because I think you're asking a little bit about margin directions.
George S. Barrett: Yes, Larry, just a little to add to that, other than to say this, I think we have a game plan and are clear about those things that, for us, will drive value for our customers and drive margin expansion. I think we can always do them better, and we're going to keep driving to push those things hard. And so hopefully, we'll never be satisfied, and we'll keep pushing at it.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Again, these things, as you know, Larry, they really move throughout the course of the year. So right at this stage, I'd say we're relatively encouraged by what we're seeing. But we'll take measure as we go through the year.
George S. Barrett: Yes, and I think just to add to, George, the pieces that we will look at are obviously the natural organic growth that we can drive through expansion of the market and market share, whatever we might do through acquisitions, but also building product lines. So that for us is another potential source of growth.
George S. Barrett: So the bulk of our revenue growth was really driven by our sort of emerging distribution business. And that, as you know, has been the priority for us to get started as we built our relationships out with the community practices, is to make sure that we can leverage that to build our distribution business. So I would say that, that business is actually going well. As you know, the distribution businesses has a lower margin than the pure services part of the business. So in a way, that compresses the margin rate, but it's actually good news for us because essentially, it's all growth business. That's probably as much as I can share on that topic. Jeff may have some color on that.
George S. Barrett: Yes. I think the only thing I can say that's surprising is sort of the volatility of the externally reported data, the choppiness of it. If you trend it out, it doesn't look all that particularly changed or dramatic. But it is choppy, particularly when we look at physician's office numbers. If you looked at sort of the last quarter of the year, it was very, very choppy. When you look at inpatient and outpatient surgery, it's probably a little bit more stable. I would say that, generally speaking, we're not seeing a material change if you sort of smooth out the lines. And so it would be hard to characterize a particular trend, and I wouldn't say anything particularly surprising other than the choppiness when we look at the reported physician's office data.
George S. Barrett: Let me start, Charles, and then I'll turn it to Jeff. Our primary focus post-acquisition was integration and making sure that we're driving the pharmaceutical business, their traditional business. Making sure that we're getting the right positioning and market, the right distribution network, getting the right, as Jeff said, LDD business. And so that's been the priority. What's been interesting in China is looking at these product line opportunities. And some have turned out to be less exciting, and some actually very exciting. So we're just really in the early stages in some work around our medical products business, some very interesting opportunities in the lab space, even some in more consumer activities, and Jeff can touch on that in a second. So it's been a very interesting process. I think the key when you're in a market like China is that everything looks interesting and you have to use a lot of discipline to identify those opportunities that really you can have an impact and move the needle and those opportunities that are interesting, but not necessarily going to make good business. So we've been really working at it. It's been an exciting time. But maybe Jeff can touch on that a little bit.
George S. Barrett: David, this is George. No, we have not. This is again a business that is still a subset of our Pharmaceutical segment. And we'll try to provide some color on the progress of what really is a growing business. But at this point, not broken out those details.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So let me just give a general answer because we've been asked about the VA, and it's always tricky. All we can say is this, that we have the capacity and the capabilities to do anything called for, should the VA contract come our way.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So actually, we were excited to get that win. Because of some of the systems issues that the DoD was experiencing, they shifted that out a little bit. So that has not had any impact in us and actually will shift out towards the end of the year.
George S. Barrett: Yes, John. No, actually, that was about as we modeled it. I think we assumed this was a bit of a unique drug, obviously with plenty of attention and unique characteristics. And I think we made some assumptions. It turns out, we were relatively close.
George S. Barrett: Yes, John. So I can't give you the specific breakout as it relates to independent pharmacies. As you probably know, it's about 8% on a national basis. It's hard to characterize. AMP has been out there, as you know, for many years. It has been an incredibly noisy subject. We've always dealt with sort of interesting and challenging reimbursement dynamics around the system, and I assume that we'll deal with this one as well. So it's really hard. The report that – the piece that came out is how many pages long? 200-some-odd pages. So it's incredibly complex, and we'll work our way through it. And again, it's not a direct effect to us, but we'll be watching very closely.
George S. Barrett: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for being on the call. In closing, we're very encouraged by our first half of fiscal 2012, and again thank all of you for joining us today.
