George S. Barrett: Let me just start. I think part of the driver for us is a focus on key priorities, and that really influences the mix of our product lines and services. And so as we look across the business, those areas where we're growing, I think, are higher value areas for our customer base. And as a result, they tend to be higher-margin businesses for us. So again, I think we're doing very well in generics. That customer base is expanding. Our specialty business continues to grow. On our medical side, again, utilization was okay. Obviously, we‘re still seeing it to be somewhat subdued. But I think we're really doing well with our strategic accounts and then, again, with key products in those accounts that are really important drivers for us and important value drivers for them. So I think it's largely about a very clear focus on priorities and mix. Jeff, I don't know what we might want to add to that.
George S. Barrett: Yes, it's important. That is what we anticipated. So again, not just one that didn't happen, I think that's key, is that we know that, that flows as the year goes.
George S. Barrett: Well, I mean, I think now it's executing. As Jeff said, these are major initiatives for us that we've always described as sort of midterm drivers, Ross. So I think the positioning on orthopedics is really good. By the end of this year, we're going to start to see some of that flow through the system. The move into cardiovascular, interventional cardiology, I think, was really exciting for us. It's doing well, and that bag will begin to fill. And then as we think about wound care, that's a really interesting area for us. And as I mentioned, we are talking about 250 launches that are sort of in process. So I think now, it's more about rolling it out, executing, and we're really excited about these programs.
George S. Barrett: So there are 2 parts to that question. The first one is really around our PPI program. And again, I think for us, we like where we are. We'll continue always to look for opportunities to accelerate those programs. So we've got sort of a dual responsibility now. One is to make sure that we're doing the right strategic things to get the bag position to sell with good coverage, and the second part is really about execution and making it happen. So I think we've got a great foundation now, but we'll continue to look at opportunities, both organically to drive the program, new products and whether or not there may or may not be opportunities externally. The second part is really about the physician's office. And here's what I'd say. I would say, again, there are sort of 2 stories to it. Part of the physician office business, as you know, is increasingly affiliating with the IDNs, and we've had obviously an enterprise-wide relationship with many of those IDNs and tend to be stronger there. We've been less strong in those independent practices, and we continue to look at various ways to strengthen that part of our business. But I think, overall, as I look -- if I draw a continuum of our business, we feel pretty strong in the continuum of care, but we'll continue to look at ways to strengthen any pockets of -- new pockets where we're not quite as strong.
George S. Barrett: Yes, I know. I totally understand the question, Lisa. I think you know it's a hard one to answer. I think you should expect Cardinal to deploy its capital efficiently and I hope, very smartly. So when we see opportunities externally that we think drive our strategies, we are not going to be shy about pursuing them, but we also see obligation to make sure that we're returning cash to shareholders. If those opportunities aren’t appearing in the right way strategically as it relates to acquisitions, then we'll look very carefully at how we deploy capital. Jeff, any -- do you want to...
George S. Barrett: George, I'll sort of touch on the second one. Again, I'm going to be careful because, obviously, this is -- the work that we're doing here in Red Oak and the relationships with the manufacturers is quite proprietary and sensitive. I would just say this. There's a lot of change happening in the system that could be very disquieting for people. We recognized early on that a key to our relationship with manufacturers was to be very, very clear about terms and conditions, about where the decisions were going to be made, about -- there are so many mechanical parts in a generic program, moving parts. And we realized that if we could make that very, very simple, that, that would be appreciated. And that has some value to the manufacturers. And so what I would say, without going too far into it, is that we've had a huge number of meetings already. We're getting very good and very positive feedback that people know what we're trying to do, they understand it. And I would say, people -- and they're really cooperative in working with us, and they've expressed some support for the way we've approached this and just the simplicity of the program.
George S. Barrett: Well, let me start first, and then I'll turn it to Jeff. This is George. I probably would not comment on anybody else's programs and the speed at which they can achieve that. It's just not my place. I think for us, I'm incredibly proud of the work that's been done in less than a year to get this thing rolling. You would be astonished at how many moving parts there are. So great work has been done. As we've said, we do expect to start to see a more rich benefit as the year unfolds. But Jeff, a little...
George S. Barrett: Yes. Thanks, Eric. It's -- this is George. It's a little bit of all of the above. First of all, and again, I'm just -- we're talking really about run rate. It's been encouraging. I think the good news about the way we've approached this -- we've had a pretty methodical approach to our specialty business, and most of this is organic, as you know. I think we've seen each of the little subsegments of our specialty work, whether that's our services to biopharma or distribution as pieces that we need to drive. Obviously, from a revenue standpoint, distribution is always going to carry more weight. But I think in general, we're pretty encouraged by the progress. And I think the addition of this patient hub for us, while it's very early, I think, is really an interesting value driver as it relates to the work that we can do to provide to pharma companies, and thinking about where they're going, how they're trying to increase those touch points with patients in the system. So I would say, generally speaking, we're pretty encouraged by what's happened through most of those sub-businesses and encouraged by the run rate, much of it organic.
George S. Barrett: So it's a great question, Eric. Here's what I'd say. This is going to be a story of defining services that are very uniquely targeted to a biopharma company and the patient population that they are addressing. And so I'd love to tell you that there's a broad answer to that. It's really a sort of "you've seen one, you've seen one" kind of answer. We're very targeted. We actually have a innovation center that is -- all they do is software solutions that address unique needs of some of our customer base. This would be one of those customer bases. So I don't know if I could do a comparative analysis for you rather than say our team is very targeted. And we certainly have the presence in the market to allow us to do the things that we like to do and have those touch points. So -- but very -- honestly, very targeted, very customer-centric, practice-centric work.
George S. Barrett: I think that may be an element of what we're describing. But I also think -- if I were to describe the biggest change, again, assuming that the core market is not going to go through a massive change, I think, to me, the biggest development is the potential commercialization of, let's say, 2 things. One is, if there's some real breakthroughs on the Alzheimer's side, the diagnostic piece becomes much more exciting. And the second is seeing some products that are actually not diagnostics, but are actually therapies. Those are the things that probably are most present in our mind.
George S. Barrett: Yes, thanks. I'll take this. We've obviously heard a lot of commentary on different companies. And actually, we're hearing quite different things, and I think there's a good reason for that. I would say this. Because of our really broad reach, we have a relatively good line of sight on the system. And so what we'd say from a system perspective, utilization is somewhat flat to slight -- maybe slightly up, although I would say it's early to describe that as a trend overall. What's noteworthy, and this is why you may be hearing different perspectives, is that it's not one-size-fits-all. We are seeing some systems and some hospitals showing disproportionate growth in relation to others. And we're seeing some shift in channels, so some utilization that was, for example, happening in the acute care centers moving to ambulatory centers. And so you have this interesting dynamic, which is an overall system number, but some shifting on how and where it's done. And so that partly explains, I think, [indiscernible] you might be hearing things. We certainly believe, over the long haul, both through access to healthcare, insurance and demographics, we're going to see a lift. I would say, right now, in the short term, it's still relatively modest. Yes, I think that's the way I'd characterize it. One other thing worth noting again, which is, as we look at, for example, the hospital system, make sure we distinguish utilization from now compensation for what was uncompensated care, so there's a number of moving parts. And I would just encourage everybody to look at all the individual pieces.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Well, that's a really -- there are 2 parts to the question, and the last part is really hard to answer. I just think, historically, we see cycles. That's not unusual. The question is how long those cycles last, and they depend on a lot of different things. They depend on how many companies are beginning to resolve technical issues, which would allow them back in the market. So I think it's -- but I wish I could give you a good answer on the prognostication on that cycle. What I can say in the short term is it is pretty much, Jeff would agree, as we saw, for example, in the last...
George S. Barrett: Well, let me -- I'll start. First, let me say this. Again, I would say, I think we're well positioned. We've got significant presence across the business. I think there are always going to be individual products that are -- that have distinct service contracts. That's probably true for our competitor as well. I think we're positioned to participate in any part of this specialty area. One thing that I probably should point out, I didn't get a chance to -- or didn't in the last question related to this, is that I do think that we've done a very good job. And this may be a bit of a unique positioning for us, of -- in a world, again, where there is a lot of issue around risk management, of connecting the payer perspective with about pharma company and the patient. And I think we've worked pretty carefully at that intersection, and we've got some creative solutions. But I would say, in terms of our overall positioning, we can compete broadly. I'm not sure there is a single area where we would not play and certainly hope to take our fair share as the growth in the system continues.
George S. Barrett: So again, I'll try to give you some color without providing answers that would make us uncomfortable given our proprietary relationships with our suppliers. We started working on this right away, identifying the teams with a clear sense of what we wanted to do. And so in a way, it was just a discipline of putting the teams together, identifying the right talent. We've got tremendously capable people working in this and then the support of 2 companies from the back office perspective. What we had to do was to really do a full analysis of the market, every product line, every supplier, all their capacities, what their pipelines look like. And so the Red Oak team, I think, has done all of them. But I would describe it as serious analytics work to identify what the opportunities were and how to work with each manufacturer. And each of those relationships is very, very distinct, and so we work very hard at making sure that everybody feels like they're in the tent, both big companies and small. And the Red Oak teams have been having meetings, really, since early July with all those manufacturers. And so the progress has been really gratifying. I'm extremely proud of this team, but I’m impressed by what I've seen. And they're working their tails off. This is incredibly hard work. As I've said, I don't think anybody can ever appreciate how many moving parts there are, how many products themselves, how many manufacturers, kind of multiple products. And so I think just doing this work and doing the analytics to support a simple program was enormous. It's hard to give more color than that, but I...
George S. Barrett: I think all of us are phasing out. We get -- we all had obligations and commitments and existing product relationships. So I think that is all flowing through. And I think we can say that, as we work through the year, we'll look like, one, a sourcing entity, and I think manufacturers will see that. I do see us that way. And yes, I think we'll see the benefit as it unfolds during the year.
George S. Barrett: I think they're largely one-off stories. I think actually FDA has been talking about increasing their cycle times, speeding up their cycle time, so I'm not sure we're seeing an endemic situation at all. These tend to be very unique issues that may or may not have legal issues or manufacturing issues, but I think what we would say is these are largely one-off dynamics that we're describing.
George S. Barrett: Again, always a little reluctant to do a lot of comparative analysis with our competitors in this call. But here's what I'd say. I think our group has a very clear sense of how we create value. I think we become increasingly immersed in the needs of our customers, and I think we demonstrate that in a very consistent way. Again, not a comment on anyone else, I just think our team is doing an extremely good job of, I think, increasingly being recognized as a company who sort of gets it, understands the dynamics of the system as they're exchanging. And we seem to be feeling a good kind of momentum in the way that we are interacting with customers and the things that they seek from us. So it's hard to describe more than that. Other than that, I think our work is -- it's really good. I watched it very closely. For example, when I went to our RBC, our retail business conference, and I watched the kind of interaction that we're having with our customers, the kind of service offerings that we have and their response to that. Now I'd say generally, it's quite positive.
George S. Barrett: Yes. I mean, again I would say, just based on the data that we've received to date, the original expectation we had, which was late fall launch, we've taken that out of our assumption. And I think probably the more cautious assumption, as Jeff said, is appropriate.
George S. Barrett: Yes. I think, again, the data that we're seeing from certainly IMS and others is fairly favorable. So yes, that's probably a little bit of a different story on the drug side in terms of our overall utilization as compared to the procedural utilization we're seeing, yes.
George S. Barrett: Yes. I don't know if I can actually give you the exact market growth rate because it's defined so differently. Clearly, what we're seeing as it relates to the new product flow, what's in Phase III trials, we should expect a continued growth in products that we tend to call specialty products. And we get started -- our program -- we get started very early. In drug development, we are looking at every product that's in process. We work sort of in every one of the niches in specialty. And so what I would say is, we expect significant growth in the market. I can't give you an exact number. We feel pretty confident that we will be able to grow our business consistent with that market. And again, starting from a smaller base, I think the growth rates could be a little bit more accelerated. But we're feeling very good about our positioning and our ability to compete in any one of these areas as products start to flow through the FDA and into the market.
George S. Barrett: We've said this before. I'm not -- we continue to look. All of our strategic priorities are areas where we think we have an opportunity to really add value. And so we're doing that obviously organically in terms of our own internal work and our internal investment. But in every one of these areas, we'll continue to look for opportunities externally that we think adds strategic value and where we can execute. So we will not take our foot off the gas pedal at looking at those opportunities. As you know, they don't come up every day. And so we'll pursue this dual strategy of driving organic growth, building our capabilities, using our increasing scale and looking for opportunities externally.
George S. Barrett: Yes. So generally, as Jeff mentioned earlier, the profit margins in that segment tend to be higher than the profit margins in our Pharma segment. So a, it is accretive to the work in our Medical business is accretive to our margin rate. Number two, we have been seeing some really encouraging work that's affecting our margins, and it really has to do with the mix of products and services that we provide, and that is a huge range of products and services. The areas that we are prioritizing tend to be areas that are actually accretive to our margin rate, and we'll continue to drive those. So we've talked about the consumables area. That's -- those are positive to us. Our growth in the direct-to-patient work that we're doing through Cardinal at Home, that is beneficial to our margin rate. Honestly, it's a midterm driver that we've talked about in terms of preferred products or physician preference items that is accretive to our margin rates. So what I would say is, these are all, for us, priorities because they're really needed, they address real pain points in the system, but they're also beneficial to us in terms of our overall mix and profit. So I'm pretty excited about the work that we're doing and the recent moves we've made, particularly to build that foundation, and the physician preference items is probably a good news story. I don't know if Jeff wants to add.
George S. Barrett: So let me do a little defining. These physician preference items are medical devices, so it's just a subset of medical devices, David. So largely, the investment is in a couple of areas: building out the infrastructure and sales force, make sure that we can do what we need to do to get the products in and out of the system. We had some development costs. These are not what I would call research costs in the classic sense. These are more sort of development, making sure that the product line is positioned the way we want. And so for example, just expanding that emerged product line requires some costs. We've got launch activities associated with some of these wound management products. So I think we're a little bit in that stage, but we're pretty excited about the flow of products. And I would say, the customer response is very positive right now. And as Jeff said, we're looking towards the back half with some greater sense of enthusiasm about the flow.
George S. Barrett: Yes. Just one piece I would add. Since the AccessClosure acquisition has occurred, I would say that the uptake on the product line coming out of AccessClosure has actually been very positive. So again, it's early on negative pressure wound, ortho is just building, but I would say, on that cardio, it's already beginning to show some good results.
George S. Barrett: Well, listen, thanks, everyone, for joining us in what I know is a really busy day for all of you, and it's a bit of a long call. So thanks, again, for your time, and we'll see you all very soon. Thanks.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I mean, if you look at -- I'll start with Pharma. If you look at each of the different businesses within the Pharma business, you got the core Pharma Distribution, Nuclear, specialty and the China piece that's relevant to Pharma, they all outperformed our expectations for the quarter. So I'd say, really, across the board, we're pretty pleased with the results. But I think you touched on the one area that wasn't a disappointment, but I think we're still not seeing the full potential from yet, and that's the Red Oak JV. As we've always said, there's going to be a ramp-up over time. Q1 was largely about setting up the JV, starting the discussions with the manufacturers and starting to sign up manufacturers. But as we've always expected, the actual benefit that will flow through to us will come over time. So I'd say that's the one piece that was largely missing from Q1, but that was as expected.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: No, I was going to say, on the Medical side, obviously, we're pleased to see some of the profit growth for the quarter, particularly in a utilization environment that still really hasn't ticked up yet. I think the one area that we're -- again, this is not a disappointment, just something that we knew was going to happen. We're still investing in our physician preference item rollouts. And it's more of an investment story right now than it is a profit story, but that's expected. We want to make sure that we're properly positioned and we have the right portfolio of products and the right sales force and organizations supporting it, et cetera. So we're going to see those benefits more towards the latter part of this fiscal year and heading into next year. So again, not a disappointment, just something that really wasn't a significant driver for us in the quarter.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: An example of that is what happened in the first quarter, right? We were building up cash, and those significant opportunities were executed during Q1. So we found an opportunity to use that cash to buy back shares, and that's sort of our -- will be our ongoing approach to it.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: [indiscernible], George. Again, thanks for the nice words. We did not expense any of the payment to Cardinal Health in the first quarter. That payment, from a cash standpoint, will flow for the first time in Q2 of this year, and we'll begin expensing it on a monthly basis starting in October. So there was no expense related to that payment in Q1. So the benefit that we saw largely flow to the bottom line, although I would describe those benefits as relatively minimal at this point.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. George, I like the way you described it, as getting to a more normal run rate by the end of this fiscal year is a fair comment and consistent with what I've said previously. That doesn't mean there won't be incremental benefits that we’ll go for in FY '16 and '17 and beyond. That definitely will be the case. But again, characterizing it as reaching a more normal run rate by the end of fiscal '15, I think is fair.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Let me just add to that. We've always said that achieving success in specialty is going to be dependent on really 2 factors: number one, getting to critical mass and size so that we're relevant to the manufacturers and to the docs and the payers. I think now, with a $5 billion run rate, we can definitely say we're relevant, and then we have a significant share now of the specialty market. The second piece was, as we gained relevance from a size standpoint to start wrapping services -- or continue to wrap services around that volume, that we can profitize with the manufacturers, et cetera. And that has also happened as well and was accelerated clearly last January with the purchase of Sonexus, which really helped to round out the toolkit that we have now that we can sell as services to the players in specialty. So I do feel very good about the positioning we've achieved over the last couple of years.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. As a reminder, we wrote down a goodwill on this business over a year ago now really because the core business itself was not growing. And in fact, we're shrinking due to some of the issues we talked about previously. I think one has given us some renewed optimism about the business -- really has been some of these new launches, like the Xofigo launch that George referenced. I'd say we're hopefully optimistic now about the Nuclear business, and we see some particular product areas where there's potential to grow over time. But I would not describe the Nuclear business as one of our more significant strategic growth drivers going forward. It's good margin as long as we can continue to grow it. With these new products, it will be a good contributor to the bottom line and it is margin accretive. But it probably won't be a business that you'll hear us talk a lot about going forward. Unless, of course, some of these areas that George referenced begin to really, really take off and hopefully, they will, and we'll let you know when that happens.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: But it was better than what we had originally modeled for Q1. And that's the reason why we've changed our overall assessment for the year, now looking at slight inflation versus a slight deflation that we had talked about back in August.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: It's a little of both, Ricky. Obviously, what's happened already is -- it's happened. So let's just take [ph] into the numbers. And I think what happened in Q1 slightly changed our view for the rest of the year, so it's a little of both.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I think your assessment of Red Oak being relatively modest is an accurate one. It wasn't a big contributor to sequential margin expansion. I really would point to the continued strong performance of our generic portfolio overall, really independent of Red Oak. We continue to grow our sales very, very nicely. And really, all aspects of our generic program are really hitting on all cylinders, which will make the addition of the Red Oak benefits even more exciting to see as we get towards the back half of this year. I think the continued growth in specialty, Nuclear, China, all higher-margin areas have improved our mix, and that has driven sequential improvement. And then on the Medical side, obviously, having Medical grow this quarter, given there's a higher-margin part of the overall consolidated business, improves our mix as well. And I think the contribution from preferred products and services, which, as you know, are our higher-margin elements within Medical, also contributes as well. So there's no one thing I'd point to. It was really indeed the continued growth and success that a lot of our various strategic initiatives that we've been pushing for some time are continuing to drive a shift in product and customer mix that's very favorable to us.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: I'm not sure I'd consider it conservative. I guess, I would consider it a fairly realistic view from our standpoint of how that's going to play out. Maybe we’ll be wrong, maybe it'll go earlier, but again, I'm not sure I'd necessarily characterize it as conservative.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I'll characterize it though, not just physician preference items, but all preferred products. So in this latest quarter, preferred products made up low 20s in terms of revenue and approaching 39% in terms of percent of gross profit of the Medical segment.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Okay. Yes, a fair question. It's hard to know, again, the drivers for a generic inflation. I think, again, you have to remind yourself that each product is a market, its own market. And so I think, in general, what we look at when we look at products is how many players are in a market. We look at who they are and what their historical patterns are. And that's, I think, the best you can do in analyzing it, whether or not it's in relation to any consolidation of purchasing. I'm not sure I would necessarily say that's the cause because we've been seeing this kind of inflation now for a relatively extended period. So there are probably multiple factors in this. And so we tried to analyze it the best we can, but I would say multiple factors probably.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. Well, probably yes. It probably is a little bit less debt-driven today than I might have said 1 year ago. That's fair.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I mean, the goal we gave in Investor Day last December was to achieve a 5.75% operating margin or segment profit margin in Medical in FY '17. And I would say, we've taken the steps to remain on track to achieve that. It's not going to be one smooth ride, right? It's going to be quarters where we need to invest to accelerate certain areas. And there will always be certain parts of the business that may have a blip. In this particular quarter, again, that was probably our blip from an operating perspective given the marketing -- or the market conditions there. But the general trajectory we're on remains on target for the 5.75% that we set for ourself.
Jeffrey W. Henderson: Yes. I would describe it as -- well, first of all, we're always resolving customer issues, right, that's between us and our customers, disputes, et cetera, that need to be resolved over time. This particular one in Q1 was relatively large, approximately $20 million, so I'd describe it is one-time-ish given the size of it. And all I'll say about it is, for some time now, we've had certain issues that ultimately got resolved in the quarter. And as a result of that, we were able to pull it through to the bottom line.
