Mary Dillon: Thank you, Scott. And I'd just like to wrap up our prepared comments with some reflections on our overall 2017 performance.  We made significant progress on our strategic imperatives throughout the year. We attracted millions of new customers, adding 4.4 million net new loyalty members, and we achieved all-time highs in brand awareness. We gained market share across all categories, added dozens of leading brands to the assortment, successfully rolled out 700 prestige brand boutiques and significantly revamped our services offering. We drove impressive new store productivity. We delivered stellar growth in e-commerce sales and increased the percentage of omnichannel shoppers. We improved our infrastructure and supply chain capabilities. And really perhaps most importantly, we continue to grow and develop a workforce of passionate, highly engaged associates who create and sustain our winning culture.  All of these accomplishments give us tremendous confidence in executing our plans in driving sustainable, profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. Our business model remains strong and differentiated, and the investments we're making will continue to set us apart, support market share gains and make us relevant in the beauty industry for many years to come.  So now I'll turn it over to our conference call host for Q&A. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Chris. Let me start just by stepping back and providing some context, which is that we have many different demand drivers, and we always are really striving to deliver a great value equation to our guests and one that's going to drive share gains and profitable growth. So some of those demand drivers are easy to see and track, and others are maybe less so because they're very targeted, and a lot of folks are consumer target, right. So what I would say is the great thing is that we can and do flex those tactics as needed given the time of year, category, competitive dynamics. So we set out -- I guess some more context, really over 4 years ago to reduce our reliance on broad price discounting and, as you said, increased targeted offerings through our loyalty program. We also significantly shifted spending out of price promotion tactics into awareness and brand building tactics. And we've done that. The business, I would say, is much healthier because of that. So our brand partners, they appreciate what we're doing with the data and the insights in the loyalty program. And I'm confident that these are the right levers. So to your point, at the end of the fourth quarter, we did have an incremental 20% off postcard, end of the quarter, drove traffic and share gains, slight headwind in margin rate. But as I said, we actually have many levers and we take a very holistic approach. So in fact, we're less promotional on other tactics that we're probably less visible. So net-net, it's only a slight increase in overall promotions. And really, that was largely driven by the higher mix of e-commerce in the quarter, which tends to be more promotional. So to your question about looking forward, I'd say more of the same. It's just constant -- how do we -- over time, we know that getting more and more one-to-one and personalized is the goal for us. Our loyalty program allows us to do that. Some of the investments I talked about do as well. But we'll continue to use an array of tactics and levers to drive the long-term growth and share gains of the business. 
Mary Dillon: Look, we just found out [indiscernible] I'm sorry. I wasn't tracking if that was a question or not, a follow-on question, Chris. So... 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I mean, I'm very encouraged as our new class of stores each year continues to ramp up stronger. Productivity continues to get better. The maturity ramp of the stores is a function of the overall comp rate. So that's going to flex based on the -- where we are in the overall comp. But what we are seeing in new store openings continues to be very strong and very encouraging and allows us to continue to drive more market share gains as we enter markets, even markets that we already have stores, right. As we're adding stores, we're continuing to build our market share and overall penetration. So it's quite strong. 
Mary Dillon: Great. Thank you. I'm going to tag team this with Dave. So I'll start. And I guess I would say when I -- we think about our -- I'll really reiterate. We've continued to gain share in all the categories and all the channels that we're in, right. So we participate in a lot of different categories, All Things Beauty, All in One Place. So there's a lot of different irons in the fire that we have to drive our growth. And in prestige, for us, we comped around 10% last quarter. And a year ago, that was 20%. So that was still great growth, a little bit not as strong as it was the year before, but we had some brands that had great -- our prestige boutique beauty brands were really strong and continued to roll out. We had some other brands that had innovations that didn't work as well as the previous year. But we see our partners and new brand innovation very strong both in mass, which we can talk more about, and prestige. And I feel very confident that that's going to continue to be a strong segment of growth and really coming in a lot of different ways. So to your point about celebrity brands, that's just one of the many levers that are out there in terms of creation of brands, and we're participating across all of those. So I would not rule that out. I think there's a lot of ways for us to get innovation and we are -- so Dave, why don't you give a little more color on [indiscernible] 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Thank you, Mark. A way to get a little preview, I like that, which we can't do and don't have, but no -- I would think about it as sustaining really the healthy comps that we're talking about right now and that we would -- I would expect that the need to evolve any retail business is going to be -- it's out there for all of us. So when we think about these investments, it's really to continue to be just as strong as we are and may -- and sustain the kind of comps that we're talking about. So more to come on that. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Jason. I'll just start by saying a couple of things. One is I am thrilled that we're really in a formalized program that we're working on with dedicated internal leaders and a formal process in place, and we're doing it from a position of strength. So I think it's the right time for us to think about how do we take our growth and scale and identify opportunities to drive more efficiencies in the business, smarter ways to do business for many years to come. So we're fairly far down the path of identifying buckets of opportunities but way too early to start getting specific about what that's going to look like and when, but I feel really good about the progress we're making. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I would hope so. I mean, the idea is that it really is the right time for us to think about short term and long term, the ability to continue to drive the kind of returns that our shareholders expect and want while continuing to invest in the business that has many, many years of growth ahead of it and the need for investment in a changing retail environment. So firstly, I think about it a little bit less of cost-cutting. I think about it more as driving efficiencies to invest in growth, and now is the right time for us to do that. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'm not sure we'd break out all that in so much detail, but I'll tag team this with Dave. Thank you. We're thrilled about Chanel Beauté as well. It will be a pretty -- a small number of stores to start. We're starting Westport, Connecticut, in the next couple of weeks, [ additive ] assortment, beautiful brand. So we're thrilled to continue and deepen that partnership. 
Mary Dillon: I would say all of the above, Oliver. It's a great question. And I believe we are really well positioned to really be a leader in this category for many years to come, both in the physical space as well as digital, full stop. I mean, to us, this is a category and a consumer that we focus on, the beauty enthusiasts who really loves both the in-store experience to try and discover and get services as well as the convenience and fun of buying online. And so we offer really what nobody else does, and we will continue to do that, so the broadest assortment across all categories and price points, a great in-store experience and online experience that means we just keep getting better, right, services, our loyalty program. And I'd say as we think about our e-commerce platform, we just continue to build out our e-commerce platform in a way that is great. It gives us great control over content, the guest experience, the pricing, the data. So we like the model. We think we're well positioned. And as we think about the future, imagining what that guest wants 5 and 10 years from now in that intersection of the physical and digital world, it's -- that's our job to do. But we believe she'll continue to want to have a physical experience as well. So that's how we think about it. It's a competitive space, but we think we're playing to win. So we will. 
Mary Dillon: I want to close by thanking our 35,000 associates for their commitment to providing a great guest experience and for delivering exceptional financial results in 2017. I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: And I would just like to add because I know this is a hot button for investors and we, of course, read all the weekly analyst reports that are tracking our every move on the promotional front. So one other fact I'd like to add is it's not -- this postcard in particular, it drove a lot of traffic to our stores, which helps us mitigate other potential gross margin risk to the business, right. So it helps us move through clearance products. In this case, it helps us move through some of the residual holiday products that's still in the stores. And so we were able to sell that at a profit with vendor support rather than sending it back to the vendor, right, where you have labor costs and potential shrink issues or, worst case, having to write it off at the end of the quarter. So those are both worst outcomes. So again, we try to be very thoughtful about the decisions we make and how we execute. 
Scott Settersten: We didn't quantify it. I would tell you that merch margins in general, as we said now for quite some time, we expect to manage to flattish, right. That's what's been inherent in our long-term thought process. So -- but we believe there's opportunities over the long term. So again, e-commerce, it's pretty obvious that that's going to be a headwind for us. It has been in recent quarters and will continue to be. And so we're planning and we're looking at things. We have ways to mitigate that. Both our private-label offering might be a way, just getting smarter about our assortment and numerous decisions by making use of our new merchandise tools that we put in place over the last couple of years, better analytical tools as well, inventory productivity gains we think we have in our future. And of course, the DCs play a big role in this as well so there are better capabilities, better optimized performance overall. And with Fresno, we're making thoughtful decisions on where we place these to make sure that we're closer to our end customers there, so again helping with transportation cost over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Sure. So the 50 to 70 basis points down for the year that we guided to -- I think you mentioned, Simeon. You caught the 20 basis points on the accounting change, which is kind of a onetime item, I guess, I would say, for the changing going from the cost method to the retail method for accounting for loyalty transactions. The remaining 30 to 50 primarily driven by labor, store labor, is a big driver of that, and that's connected to the boutique strategies. So we talked in the past a lot about cost implications there. So we're in a better position in '18 because more of the boutiques are going into new stores than they have historically. Historically, it's been going back into the comp base, which has been more of an expensive proposition for us through this accelerated depreciation notion that we've talked about in the past; so labor, the biggest piece with boutiques, which we say we're accelerating from what we had thought about earlier. And then the rest of it is really this tax benefit reinvestment, I would say, and most of that ends up in SG&A in the back half of the year largely, as does the store payroll as well is in the SG&A line. 
Scott Settersten: Yes -- no. I'm trying to put into context the drag. So the credit card has been a spectacular success and has been a real tailwind for the business overall. I mean... 
Scott Settersten: Yes, yes. So that's moderated, the 20% off, in case that didn't come through loud and clear. So the initial sign-up margin rate headwind with that initial purchase really had subsided once we got the program off the ground back the second half of last year, really hasn't been an impact overall when we're talking about margin rates here in recent quarters. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I guess, I would just add that the executive team is committed to seeing this through. I mean, I think we're in a good spot in our maturity curve here to be working on this ahead of what you might have seen historically in other operations. So we're not going to share a lot of specifics, but there's hard targets in the 2018 plan and this is going to be a multi-year program and feeling really good about it at this stage. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So maybe I can start with the comp deconsolidation. So when we think about the business, it's always with a healthy balance of traffic versus ticket kind of contribution. That's the way we plan our business. I mean, over the last couple of years, you've seen us outperform that especially on the traffic side of things. So again, it's a balance. The way we think about -- we wouldn't -- there's nothing out ahead of us that we would say we would expect anything materially different than that at this stage of the game. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So it is -- so the guide -- the operating margin guidance is versus the GAAP information. We'll clarify that. And then Q1, yes, interesting -- I'm glad you asked this question because it is important for people. We did state it a few times. Q1 is probably our toughest compare of the year, right. So we had a 14% comp last year. We had some -- we pushed some expenses out of first quarter into the back half of '17. So that helped us as well. So the other things to keep in mind there, I would say, is supply chain deleverage. So we got a new DC in Fresno, California that's going to open up mid-year next year, so some slight deleverage there in the early part of the year and then improving in the back half of the year. And then you're right-on with the store program, so a lot more stores opening up in first quarter '18 than a year ago, plus we're carrying forward somewhat, I would call, higher cost kinds of real estate, right, that we put online second half of last year, Manhattan being the most notable of those that we're still up against here in the early part of the year; so again, fixed door cost leverage, tougher the first half of the year but improving as the year goes out. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I'd say we're still in the early innings with respect to inventory optimization. So I mean, as you well know, it's a never-ending quest, right, to have the right product at the right place at the right time, which she's interested in purchasing, whether it's on the store shelf or it's in our distribution centers ready to be shipped out to her front door. So we've been making a significant number of investments over the course over the last couple of years with tools. You mentioned SWIFT is one and better space planning kinds of tools in the stores. I mean, our analytical capabilities have improved a lot over the last 3 to 4 years. That will continue. That's the quest again that will be evergreen for us to try to get better and better insights into our purchasing behavior and how we ship things quicker and more efficiently to folks. So there's still a lot of -- I guess, I would say a lot of progress for us to be made there when we think about inventory productivity and inventory turns kinds of things as we look to the future. 
David Kimbell: Yes, on our cosmetic -- on our makeup business. So yes, I'd just add to what Mary said by -- we really take a holistic approach at building our total makeup business. And while your question was about prestige, I want to talk about both mass and prestige because that's really unique for Ulta Beauty, obviously, and an important part of our strategy as we help introduce guests into opting into the mass business but then see them over time move into our prestige business. So they work very -- in a very integrated way. But I'd call out just a few core areas of how we're thinking about building our -- continuing to build our assortment and our growth and success in the makeup business. First and foremost, it is about strengthening the performance with our biggest brand partners, our established brands there. And we're seeing continued success with that. That drove some of the comps that Mary talked about in prestige and also in mass, so our Ulta Beauty Collection at the forefront of that going forward, as well as Maybelline and L'Oreal Paris on the mass side; brands like Tarte, Anastasia, IT Cosmetics, Too Faced driving growth on the prestige side. We're also rolling out, we've mentioned a couple of times, key brand partners that we've been establishing in more stores largely on the prestige side. We said 675 new boutiques across MAC, Lancôme, Clinique, adding benefit in new stores, but also NARS, Estée Lauder; on the mass side, e.l.f. rolling to all stores. So brands that have been successful in smaller subset of doors continue to expand out. Key exclusive brands are a big part of that. Tarte Double Duty Beauty has been a big success and a great partnership. IT Brushes for Ulta, Makeup Revolution on the mass side, an exclusive brand that is -- we're expanding and seeing a lot of success with. And then I'd say in the socially relevant, socially driven brands, we're seeing a lot of success and many of these brands are exclusive to Ulta. And we are seeing them already driving a lot of growth. On the mass side, Morphe launched late last year. We just launched ColourPop, Milani, Sleek, FLOWER; on the prestige side, Dose of Colors, Beauty by POPSUGAR, which is an exclusive line created by Ulta. Mary mentioned Storybook Cosmetics, which is an online brand. So we're seeing these influencer-led brands having a major impact in the marketplace. We've got many that we've brought in over the last 6 months and several that have just launched over the last few weeks. So we're very confident about the growth that we'll see there. And then the last thing I'd just reinforce is reflective of a holistic view that we see on the makeup business is the addition of Chanel Beauté, and we're very excited about that rolling into a small number of doors but another example of us driving growth in all aspects and all dimensions of the cosmetic business. 
David Kimbell: Yes. And I'd say as far as cost of acquisitions, we're not seeing a dramatic change. And then in fact, we're finding more efficient ways to drive our total marketing plan. And we really do take a comprehensive approach to drive new guests into our store. Mary mentioned in her prepared remarks the increased awareness, both unaided and aided, which we know contributes to our growth. We've got very strong marketing plans supporting both our total brand story as well as many of the new items that I've talked about. And then our stores have done a very good job improving their effectiveness at converting nonmembers into members, and we're anticipating that we'll continue to do that through 2018. So we're not expecting a real change in our efficiency of attracting new members into our program. 
David Kimbell: Sure, yes. I mean, on the category, on makeup specifically, the -- we're confident about both mass and prestige. They both slowed down in 2017 and -- but we're seeing through the -- some of the items that I talked about earlier, strong signs within our portfolio of growth. So we're optimistic at least within our business and our model that makeup trends will improve and we anticipate seeing that across the market. As far as skincare, I'm glad you asked because skincare has been accelerating. And we're very pleased with the results that we've seen on our skincare business again both on the mass and prestige side. Mary mentioned several of the new brands that we just recently launched actually last week that we're excited about but also continued strong performance with brands like Mario Badescu, Peter Thomas Roth, expansion of proactiv, Origins, Clarins. And then men's skin business, we think, will also drive some incremental growth, highlighted by House 99 with David Beckham. So we see a lot of growth in skin across the marketplace, and we're certainly, we think, leading the way and gaining share in that category as well. 
David Kimbell: And as far as brand partner support of our key promotional activity, I guess I won't get into specific details about each individual item other than to say we are very close -- work very closely with our brands to deliver the best experience to our guests, and they are active supporters of our efforts in the marketplace. And we anticipate that they'll continue to be that. 
David Kimbell: Yes. And the assortment will be highlighting the most iconic items. As Mary said a real  [ additive ]  assortment, we're really excited about the presentation in-store. But it will feature their iconic lipstick, Rouge Coco lip gloss and blush, cream foundation, skincare items. And so we think it will be a really nice presentation of their brand and a nice addition into our portfolio. 
