Scott Settersten: Yes. Simeon, thanks for the question. So even if I answer directly, the units per transaction were essentially flat year-over-year. So again, we're seeing a lot of the benefit from the continuation what I'd call a moderate promotional environment overall, coupled with the mix of brands we have that entered the assortment here over the course of the last year. So again, you know the names well. We've been talking about Fenty and OLAPLEX and some of the other big hitters here we've added recently. So again, the mix of those 2 are really doing -- making a big contribution to our gross margin here in recent quarters. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We don't really have anything in more detail to share with that at this point in time. Again, we are very happy to see the rebound in store traffic, right. And so a nice healthy transaction growth is always what we're striving for and planned for. And so we're super excited to see the bounce back of the consumer in the stores and making sure, again, that we deliver best-in-class specialty retail omnichannel experience. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So the great start we got in the first quarter is really kind of a background here driving some of the gross margin. So we still expect it to be down, as you said, but down less than what our initial plan was for the year. So we still have the same variables at play there. We talked about brand mix being a headwind this year. We think the promotional environment will normalize during the year. Again, we didn't see so much of that in the first quarter, but we are expecting more of that to come into play as we get deeper into the year and then supply chain costs. Again, we expected cost generally to be higher this year. We're seeing some costs, especially around fuel, higher than we expected. And we -- the back half of the year, there'll be more headwind from that piece of the equation as well. So overall, I feel like we're in a good place. And if sales stay strong and we're always focused on optimizing the business overall. So helping to deliver great results. 
Scott Settersten: That's 2 for me, Steph. That's not fair. Okay. So we'll go first up on the inventory. So again, it's up 16% year-over-year. We feel like we're in a good position. Again, it looks easy based on the results we're posting here, but our teams are doing an excellent job and working really hard with our vendor partners, the merchants, the inventory planning teams, the supply chain teams to make sure we get the right product in the right place. And so fill rates are good. We're feeling better. Things have kind of bounced back a little bit from what we saw mid- to late last year. So again, focused on high velocity SKUs, new brands to make sure we take advantage where we can there. We do expect that the growth rate, again, will moderate as we get further into the year this year and start anniversary-ing some of the steps we took last year to get more aggressive on inventory. So again, that's one place we always feel confident that we would make more investment if good judgment suggests that. And then on the accounting for the UB Media, so this one again for the accountants in the room. So last year, again, the vendor, the marketing partner program that we had in place, again, we've explained this. We've always been doing this in a smaller scale, I guess, I would say. And so historically, the accounting was all in the gross margin line by and large, okay, the vendor income piece of it. The cost -- the actual marketing cost within SG&A and all the benefits were flowing through the gross margin line kind of in line with all of our vendor money accounting so to speak. And this year, the difference is we're able to offset the incremental advertising costs in the SG&A line and the residual rolls through the gross margin line. I hope that helps. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I guess I would just chalk it up like we indicated, Michael, being prudent all things considered, looking at the world and all the uncertainty and all the warning signs that seem to be flashing a bit right now. So again, there's no -- we took the benefit of what we've seen strong performance so far in the first half of the year, bake that into our full year outlook and didn't really modify the second half of the year based on what our initial plan was for 2022. And so you take that and then you adjust for some of the expense pressures that we're seeing across the business right now, and that's where we think is an appropriate place to land it for the time being. And then we'll continue to modify as we work our way through the rest of the year. 
Scott Settersten: That sounds like 3 questions, Simeon, actually. But I'll give it out 3 here. So yes, haircare has been a real contributor here recently. Again, it kind of gets back to the brand mix overall for the business, I would say. So while haircare, generally speaking, is higher margin than the house, some of the mix that's been added here recently, doesn't necessarily follow the same metrics overall. When we're talking about inventory, so it was favorable adjustments last year that was driving the tougher compare this year. So again, last year, cleaner inventories, we were coming off what I'd call some housekeeping, probably late in 2020, right? We closed some stores. We exited some brands later in the year. So we got some book benefit from that last year, which makes it a tougher compare. As far as the guidance overall, what changed, again, the strong sales, the strong start. Obviously, it's helping drive a lot of fixed cost leverage here for the year. For the revenue, it was something that was unexpected, really wasn't in the plan to see those redemptions come back in our loyalty program that way and to see the credit card benefit pop here in the first quarter. So again, we're planning for more of that to continue throughout the year. We've got operating costs that are increasing across the business, specifically in supply chain, but we're seeing in other areas, too, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. So that's been feathered in as we think about the second half of the year. So again, we feel like we're in a good position. We feel like we've got all the variables covered. Again, we think it's prudent to take a more thoughtful, careful approach and outlook as we're looking ahead to the second half of the year, considering all the uncertainties that are kind of floating out there right now. 
Scott Settersten: So on the SG&A, there's really nothing. There's no onetime extraordinary items floating around in there. I would call, go back and look at our comments around the marketing expense and how that is being treated year-over-year because that is a rather significant change. Again, that comes from the UB Media change going from what I'd call a small scale kind of operation to a more formalized and larger scale process overall. So we did change the accounting there year-over-year, and that is providing a pretty significant benefit in the first quarter versus a year ago and that's going to continue for the rest of the year, obviously, that comparison. Then when we're talking about gross margin and some of the variability that you called out there in the second half, again, we think it's still in the same range that we guided to early in the year. Again, we -- I would point back to changing an expectation. So again, first quarter promotional environment was moderate to slightly better than what we saw a year ago, which was not our plan for the year, and we expect that to get more aggressive in the back half of the year. So that's baked in there, along with the brand mix. So again, brand mix kind of worked to our benefit in the first quarter. We think some of that will moderate as we get further into the year as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Great question. And yes, the inflationary environment, as we -- as both I and Scott said in the remarks, is certainly one that we're watching carefully, and we're staying close to our guests. So far, our guests are managing through it and we're not seeing huge impacts. In fact, as I mentioned in the script, Prestige makeup performed a bit higher than mass makeup. So we're seeing strong results across our portfolio. We haven't experienced meaningful trade down behavior that we can -- we could identify. And it's -- one of the unique things that we feel is core to our model is the breadth of our assortment, all price points, from mass to prestige, all categories, hair care and skin care, makeup and bath and fragrance. And so being able to adjust and adapt as consumers' needs evolve has been true to our model for a long time and allowed us to manage through any disruption in the marketplace. But right now, we're seeing strength across all aspects of our business, which we're obviously really pleased with. But we're also prepared to adjust and adapt if and when consumer behavior adjusts. 
David Kimbell: Great. Well, thanks for the question, Olivia. Yes, makeup did recover faster than we had anticipated coming into the year. You all know that we've been working on makeup for a while. It was somewhat soft going into the pandemic and was arguably the hardest hit category of segment beauty during the pandemic. And we're -- so we're excited to see it recovering, and that's driven by an elevated overall engagement in the category in part by more opportunities to go out, more social occasions, more people going back to work in person and then just some of the things that we've been talking about, the engagement, the excitement, the enthusiasm for makeup has remained high as evidenced in social media, just the opportunities to where makeup haven't been as numerous. So we're -- as that opens up, as the world opens up, we're definitely say, more opportunity, a high level of engagement. There's new trends that are coming in to make up that we're excited about, definitely a push towards bold looks, bright, glam, glitter, people are ready to get out in the world and that's shown up in the looks. At the same time, some of the dynamics around a more natural look that requires makeup, same consumers are balancing both of those. We're seeing brow innovation, contouring is being discovered by younger consumers who missed it the first time around long lip wear -- long wear lip is a trend that's that started in the pandemic and is continuing. So we're excited about what we're seeing and then in the Total category. And then Ulta, through our assortment has really been performing quite well adding key brands like Fenty, r.e.m., Chanel, lots of innovation from both mass and prestige, MAC, Clinique, Lancome and NARS on the Prestige side, e.l.f. and NYX are 2 big highlights on the on the mass side. So we're getting a lot of innovation, lot of creativity, all the things that we have been working on and driving towards really came together in a nice way in the quarter. So as we look forward to the second half of the year, we're confident. It's hard to predict exactly how consumer behavior will go. But as more and more people are comfortable going out, more opportunities exist, more people going back to the work, coupled with the continued pipeline of strong innovation, we feel like makeup is on its way to a full recovery. And in fact, in Q1 was up over 2019 results, so pre-pandemic results for the first time in the pandemic. So excited about what we're seeing and looking to continue to drive that forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We -- the beauty category is attractive and has been highly competitive for a long time. I've been here at Ulta for about 8.5 years now, and it's been hypercompetitive the whole time and for years before that. It's attractive. It's growing. It's engaging. So that's been part of the dynamic for a while. And certainly, it's true now. We're seeing new competitive locations, particularly on the prestige side, at the same time that we're opening up new stores of our own and in our partnership with Target. So there is some shift going on. What we're excited about and proud of is the fact that even in that environment, even in the first quarter with hundreds of new competitive locations, we continue to gain meaningful share in the Prestige category. And I think it's a reflection of the strength of our model. We have something that nobody else offers in the marketplace. The unique combination of an assortment that reflects the way consumers want to buy and shop beauty across price points, mass, prestige, across categories and then most importantly, in an experienced an environment that reflects the human connection that consumers are looking for in this highly emotional category. All of our research suggests that our experience is unique and special. What our team does every day to deliver a unique experience stands out in the marketplace, and that helps us drive our business and drive our market share. You add in loyalty and services and a great digital experience and add all the innovation that we continue to bring in all aspects of our business, we feel like we're doing -- we're playing offense. We're leading through what we know how to do best, which is drive engagement with beauty enthusiasts through all aspects of the beauty journey. And so we feel confident that if we continue to do that, it's going to continue to show up in our results. It's reflected in the strong results we had in the first quarter, the momentum we had coming out of fiscal '21 in our share results, in our loyalty, member growth, and we're -- that's our plan going forward. For us, we've always been focused on our strategy, executing our strategy with excellence. And when we do that, the results follow and that will be our plan going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. A few things that I might say. One, across categories, we're really pleased that we see strength in all of our major categories. I talked about makeup in detail already. And so that's an important improvement on our business. But at the same time, that improved. It was encouraging to see skincare deliver strong results, haircare continue through innovation and prestige, on tools to drive a lot of engagement and newness across haircare, continues to drive great results. Fragrance, which has been a shining star throughout the last 2 years continues to drive growth. I talked in the script about some of the drivers of that newness, brands, exclusive brands like Billie Eilish as well as innovation on our existing brands, that driving strong growth, sun care, expansion into wellness and driving incremental growth. So category performance was healthy across the board. Channel performance, again, strong results in both driven by our stores and traffic and engagement and the desire to get back and shopping in person, but to have our e-commerce business essentially flat after all the growth we've seen in that business over the last couple of years was in line with our expectation and salon coming back very strong. So our channels are performing well. Through the quarter itself, the first period, the first month or so of the quarter was the strongest as we kind of came out of the gates and then started lapping stimulus. But the other 2 months of the quarter were strong as well and well ahead of our expectations. So around a well-rounded delivery of results with all aspects of our business contributing to the performance that we have. 
David Kimbell: No region. I mean 1 of the things that we really like about our model is our model works in all different types of geographies. Big cities from New York and L.A. to Chicago to smaller remote single-store markets, suburbs, urban, rural, and we saw strong performance across the board. So there was no real region or marketplace distinctions of note. And that to us is a reflection, this is working really well. And then when we look across economic, we saw growth across all income levels as well as we look at our consumer base. So strong growth from our highest income to more moderate income. So -- again, well-rounded growth. Consumers are engaged in the category. The category itself is, we think, more relevant, more important to our consumers, more connected to their overall sense of self-care and well-being. At the same time, there are so many more occasions to go out. We think the category is in great shape, and we're proud to be leading the category and driving these results through our strong execution. 
David Kimbell: Well, we won't get specific on any like -- specific elements of what we factored in. What I'd say about promotion is the environment is dynamic, as we talked about, highly competitive, and there's uncertainty ahead from consumer behavior. We -- what we know is we've been able to continue to manage our promotions in a smart, strategic way. We've been on a journey for a while to reduce nonstrategic broad-scale discounts and promotions to focus our efforts on personalization, CRM-enabled, highly relevant, strategic efforts that drive not just short-term but long-term results through higher engagement, higher loyalty, higher connection to Ulta Beauty over time. And that's what we are able to do in the first quarter. But as we've said probably through many of these calls, we're well aware that this is a competitive environment. We've got lots of outstanding competitors that are also looking at ways to drive their business. We will not lose share. We'll respond appropriately. We have more tools than we've ever had through our personalization and CRM capabilities to ensure that we are leading the market. But with uncertainty around inflation, consumer behavior, competitive environment, we are prepared to react. We're not going to lead promotional intensity, but we're also going to make sure that we're appropriately engaging with our beauty enthusiasts to drive them to Ulta Beauty. 
David Kimbell: Okay. Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today. The year is off to a great start, and I want to thank the entire Ulta Beauty team for their collective efforts to support our guests and each other while moving our business forward. We look forward to speaking to you all again at the end of August when we report our second quarter results. I hope you all have a great evening. Thanks, again. 
