David Kimbell: Yes. Thanks, Simeon. What we are seeing, as we said in the call, is mass and our business is growing faster than preceding -- we saw that in some previous quarters right now. And so a little bit of detail about that as we look underneath. As we look across income levels, there's actually good -- there's growth across all income levels, across all income cohorts, roughly equivalent across all cohorts, although the growth rate did moderate from Q4 pretty consistently. . As we said, traffic remains strong. Double-digit traffic average spend per member increased. Average ticket did decline as we have fewer units per transaction. When we look at the mass category, it's -- we have some exceptional newness going on and some really high-performing brands in our mass category, brands like e.l.f., NYX, The Ordinary, La Roche-Posay. So we know that is certainly contributing to that. And it's -- so the fact that mass is growing higher than prestige, it's difficult for us to exactly parse apart the core driver of that. But we know for sure, there's a high level of engagement in those brands because they are culturally relevant and driving great engagement.  At the same time, we have strong growth and some strong newness on our prestige side of the business as well. Prestige skincare comping double digit as an example of that. So we're watching closely. What we feel is the total category remains strong. Engagement is high. As we've talked in previous quarters, this is an emotionally connected category that's important, and coming out of the pandemic, even more important in overall self-care and wellness and we expect that to continue. But the high level of growth that we've seen in these last 2 years, as we've talked about in several quarters, will moderate. We think ultimately getting back to more the high end of historical average, but we know engagement's high, and we continue to be encouraged by overall consumer engagement. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Well, as I mentioned on the call, we anticipated and planned for it to be more promotional this year coming out of all the trends that we've talked about over the couple of years. And what we saw as the quarter progressed that actually promotional activity did increase and was even a little bit more than we had anticipated through that quarter. So when we look at broader competitive activity, we know this is a strong category. It's an important category for all of our competitors. And our long-term approach to this has been to not to lead the promotional intensity, but to make sure that we are competitive and continue to be the leader and gain share in the environment. And so that's what's driving some of the competitive activity and the increase in promotional.  As versus 2019, we're still below 2019, and we've planned and anticipate that, that will be the case through this year. As you know well, Rupesh, the 2019 and leading up to that was a highly promotional period. We're not anticipating getting back to those levels. But as we've talked about really throughout the last several quarters, we anticipated it getting more promotional, and we're certainly seeing that in the environment. As a reminder, we worked hard for the last several years and certainly through the last 2 years to expand our CRM capabilities to grow our loyalty program. 9% growth in our loyalty program, 41 million members now, gives us some new tools, some new capabilities to be more strategic, more pinpointed in our promotional activities targeted with those efforts, and we've employed those and we'll continue to be strategic and thoughtful as we look ahead in the environment as the year unfolds. 
David Kimbell: Great. Well, yes, our loyalty program, Ultamate Rewards, is one of our greatest assets, and I'm really excited that the investments that we've made, the work that the team does, the commitment that our store teams have driving that experience continue to pay off. We're really proud of 9% growth in members in Q1, spend per member growth. Our strategies, our plans are  working.  We do -- separately, we do believe we continue to improve share of wallet of our best guests. I talked about Platinum and Diamond members being -- showing strong growth. We believe we continue to add new experiences, add new brands, engage them in more touch points. Everything that we do really is designed to increase share of wallet. If we have a store-only guest, to get them to shop, to use our salon, to shop online, to download our app, to get our credit card, to shop at Target. All these experiences collectively add to share of wallet. And we have continued evidence that when we do that, it works to increase share of wallet.  And one example, a store-only guest that starts shopping us in an omnichannel online way. Their spend with us increases over 2.5x. So we know we're improving share of wallet across our engaged guests. And as we add new members, which we continue to do as we grow, we're on the journey of getting them more engaged with all of our touch points. So we are committed to that. We're finding a lot of success.  As far as some of the personalization, that's another aspect of our experience that we've been working hard on for several years, and it is working and paying off. The return of our programs around things like replenishment or engaging in new categories are working. We see strong return. And in fact, the return is strong enough that we're going to continue to invest more in data capabilities, bringing in new tools, leveraging innovation across all ways of experimenting and engaging with our guests. So we're seeing good returns, and we see there's a lot more opportunity for us ahead. In the world of personalization, you will buy our data. 
David Kimbell: Well, Korinne, this is, as you would imagine, a huge focus for our entire team. And everybody in the company really participates in loyalty and retention. And that fundamentally starts with delivering a great experience. We have 50,000 associates in our stores that are committed to delighting our guests every time they walk in, and that's key to retention that every guest experience is a positive uplifting fun, engaging experience. And I'm proud that, that is so consistently the experience that our guests receive and what they love about.  Our retention remains strong, and we -- and that was an important driver of our 9% growth in loyalty in Q1. And we've got a number of activities from, as I said, the in-store experience with all of our digital touch points, our experience and connection that we have with our guests through -- through Target, our Ulta Beauty at Target, and all of our personalization and communication efforts really engage and excite and delight our guests. So we are pleased with retention and feel that we have a very strong, probably best-in-class retention rate that we do.  And as things -- as the environment shifts, and I talked about some of that in the script and an earlier question about shifts between mass and prestige. And as that changes, again, that is one of the unique aspects of Ulta Beauty. Nobody does what Ulta Beauty does. We're the only ones that offer from entry-level price, the masstige, to prestige, to luxury, all price points, all categories. So as long as we keep delighting and exciting our guests, if they choose to adjust their spending or maybe decide to buy different price points, they can do that within Ulta across all aspects, and that's been a key aspect -- a key part of our business and one that we'll continue to lean on and leverage going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. First, I'd say the incremental promotion we see it happening. We see really an intense competitive environment across all parts of the beauty category. And again, because of our model, mass to prestige, to luxury, we are directly competing with everybody that sells beauty. And so we watch and track and we're seeing promotional activity across mass, across prestige, across luxury. And so that's all part of it. And so I wouldn't say it's any one part of the category.  As far as exactly, we don't have perfect insight. So we don't know exactly what each of our competitors are doing and understand all of their kind of internal measurements. But we watch very closely, track year-to-year, observe what's happening and then we do get some industry data that gives us a macro picture. So for us, it is just about making sure that we're delivering a great experience to our guests and delivering the right value at the right time.  And you touched on it, but we have invested heavily in our capabilities to personalize and be more targeted. And that's what's allowed us to reduce our promotion from the levels that we saw in 2018 and 2019. And even as we plan for a more elevated level this year, as I mentioned earlier, we believe it will be below those levels, in part because of the tools that we have, the fact that now we have 41 million people. We have new personalization capabilities. We've got better CRM experience that allows us to be more pinpointed. That doesn't mean we won't do some broad scale offers here and there as they make sense for us. But under the covers, we're doing a whole lot more value add at a more personalized level, and that's paying off in an important way. 
David Kimbell: Yes, I'm glad you asked as wellness is it's an important growth opportunity. I'd start -- before I talk specifically about the wellness shop and the assortment we have there, I'd say this overall idea of wellness and self-care and the connection it has to beauty, I talked about this for a little while. So you may have heard this before, but it is an important trend coming out over the last couple of years that we think will drive continued growth and engagement.  The fact that more and more consumers understand the importance of beauty as part of their overall wellness routine is a very strong positive. It's one that's driving so much innovation, both in products specifically designed for wellness but also across makeup and fragrance and just bringing in more the idea of wellness into all forms of innovation. We did launch our wellness shop in May of 2021. We're currently in about 800 doors. We'll be adding more doors this year to continue to expand that presence.  We have a strong presence online. We have 140 brands, 700 SKUs across category focus, and it's a great experience. It's working really well. A number of really engaging brands like Love Wellness, Truly, Kitsch, megababe, GOLDE that we just added, Lemme by Kourtney Kardashian, there's a strong experience, high level of engagement across all 6 of our segments and pillars. And we're really pleased with its impact in connection. But we're also just getting started in that assortment. And so we see good growth in that area over time, and we're excited about the potential of that business for the long term. 
David Kimbell: Yes. And Simeon, it's good to book end our Q&A by Simeon, so we're glad to do that. And I'd just say, yes, on the point, I mean, I think we covered some of the thoughts there about how we're seeing both spend per member, AUR, the units. I mean there's a lot of positive indicators on our business, and we're still working hard to get a read on how our consumer is navigating. We know there's pressures out there, but we also see a high level of engagement in beauty.  And so our focus now is to continue to drive great engagement across all aspects, newness, innovation, our core business, to get them engaged in all of our touch points and make sure that we're delivering a great Ulta Beauty guest experience because we know when we do that, they respond. So we're tracking all that carefully. We'll continue to report out in future earnings calls and make sure that we are leading the category appropriately. So with that, let me just say I'd like to close by, again, thanking all of our Ulta Beauty associates across our stores, distribution centers and our corporate office offices for delivering another strong quarter for our stakeholders. We know the environment will continue to evolve. But as I've said, we remain committed to our long-term growth strategies, and we are very confident in our team as we look forward to build -- continue to build the foundation that we set here in the first quarter. So we look forward to speaking to you all again when we report results for the second quarter on August 24. Thanks. I hope everybody has a nice Memorial Day weekend, and we'll talk to you all again soon. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So overall, I would just remind you, Simeon, that we did state, so total units are up across the enterprise, right, for the period year-over-year, and total spend per member is up year-over-year as well. So again, great evidence of a healthy, strong business model at play. Very strong traffic trends in both channels, but especially in our brick-and-mortar channel that we're pleased to see.  When we look at the specific units per transaction, again, it was down. It's been decelerating a bit over the course of the last 3 or 4 quarters, I guess, I would say. So again, not totally surprising to us to see that. And again, we would take away from that what most people, just looking at the trends and looking at how consumers, are just being a little bit more selective now than maybe they were at this time last year. But we're trying not to read too much into that at this point in time. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So it was -- when I think about the financial results and totality, and really shrink was the thing that surprised us in the quarter, and that's really the driver when we think about the operating margin adjustment for the year. So we knew sales were going to moderate a little bit after 2 spectacularly strong years. We knew the promotional environment was going to ramp up some. And maybe it's slightly richer than we were expecting, but that's not the driver.  The driver is shrink, by far. And so that's what put a pretty meaningful drag on our first quarter, and we're expecting those trends to continue the rest of the year. Again, coming into 2023, we thought the shrink trends were going to moderate a little bit because of some of the investments we were putting behind mitigation tactics. But they haven't resonated yet. We're still hopeful. We're still -- our teams are doing a great job. A lot of effort is going into this. But from a financial standpoint, we're not banking on any improvement the rest of the way. So kind of remain a challenge for the rest of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Just one final note, Ike, on that one. So for quantification purposes, as a reference point in the first quarter, the shrink deleveraged above expectations, totally offset all fixed store cost. 
Scott Settersten: No, I would just add that, again, shrink and slightly richer promotional mix, temporary headwinds, we are very ready and able to be able to react to those kinds of things. So again, to Dave's point, with the toolbox that we have and the levers that we have to optimize this business, we're still very confident the 14% to 15% is the right range to be in. Things like UB Media, that's just kind of really getting off the ground, is a long-term margin accretive part of our business model. Project SOAR, digital store of the future, all these other large strategic initiatives we have underway right now are going to provide meaningful benefits for our stakeholders over a long period of time. So very confident in our [indiscernible]. 
Scott Settersten: Maybe I'll start with shrink. So I addressed here just a few minutes earlier, just directional in the first quarter, shrink basically offset fixed store cost leverage entirely. So again, remember, that's been trending upward over the last couple of years with a huge peer step on the top line, Simeon. And so we would expect that trend to continue through the rest of the year. We're not -- we were expecting some moderation in 2023, but at this stage, it doesn't seem like we're going to be able to deliver that. So not optimistic about how that plays out in gross margin the rest of the way. 
