David Kimbell: Rupesh, thanks for the question. Yes, the short answer on trade down is no. We're not experiencing that or seeing that at this time, similar to what we talked about last quarter. We're seeing strong growth across all aspects of our business. As I mentioned, every category performed in double digits, strength across channels, stores, e-comm services. And as we look at income levels of our guests, we're seeing healthy growth at all income levels. So no real signs or signals of trade down within the marketplace yet. And again, I think that's a reflection of the importance that this category plays in our guest lives, the increasing connection that beauty has, wellness, the desire to express them -- our guests to express themselves to the world in this -- as the world reopens. So the importance of this category is demonstrating itself. And so, so far, we're not seeing it, but we're prepared as we look forward to continue to make any adjustments if and when that behavior starts to show up, as you know, within our model, we're uniquely prepared to adjust. If any of that does show up with our mass to prestige offering, all price points, all different categories. But as of now, we're seeing strong growth. As far as throughout the quarter, the quarter started very strong. We did see a slight moderation towards the end of June and early July as you may have seen with other retailers, but the trends picked up towards the end of the quarter, and we're pleased with what we're seeing so far this quarter. So no big concerns or down trends is across any part of our business right now. 
David Kimbell: Let me just -- I'll start with the deceleration and Scott can pick up on the gross margin and some of the things we're seeing there. So again, yes, we did -- our quarter in total was strong. We were pleased with the results throughout the quarter. There was a modest slowdown in the trends right at the end of June, early July as a number of things, both, I guess, within retail and in the world around us, we're showing up. But again, nothing alarming on our business. And we did see trends return to early in the quarter rates as we got to the end of July and then certainly, as I said, into this quarter. So a modest impact. But again, the category itself, the importance it plays in our guest lives, allowed us to kind of ride through any macro disruption and short-term impacts that we saw throughout the quarter. 
David Kimbell: Great, Mark. Yes, on makeup, yes, we're really, really pleased and encouraged with what we're seeing as I mentioned, double-digit growth across mass and prestige. And you know well. You've been following us for a while. That category has had its ups and downs and been struggling for a little bit. And so we're really pleased with the results and we think it's well rounded. There's no doubt there's some elements of maybe pent-up demand, although as we get further into the reopening, we think that's probably a smaller and smaller part of what's driving the business. What we do see happening is just strong innovation across  both mass and prestige, really good performance by new brands that we brought in, Fenty, R.E.M., new brand About-Face, great innovation. On the mass side with NYX and ColourPop and e.l.f. and others, but also on the prestige with Benefit, MAC, Clinique and many others. So we're seeing strong innovation that's really connecting. And it's being fueled by some core trends that we think are here to stay for a while that are driving engagement. And it's kind of an interesting time within makeup right now that we're seeing a combination of very bold, playful looks, kind of retro looks, euphoria type engagement driven engagement that are reminiscent of some of the things we saw back in 2016 that are encouraging. But at the same time, there's an equally strong trend around a clean look, glowy, glazed, that are driven by higher usage of foundation and highlighters, which are really important to the category and frankly, have been struggling for a little bit. So we are pleased with the innovation, the -- as people get out and want to express themselves to the world and there are more occasions that's driving more usage and there's some core underlying trends and innovation that are supporting the category. So we're optimistic about the path ahead, and we'll continue to be investing in our makeup business and partnering with our brands to drive this trend for the foreseeable future. As far as our long-term targets, no -- we're not updating or changing that. So yes, the outlook that we shared with you last fall is still on our horizon, and so I'd keep that as our long-term guidance. 
David Kimbell: Yes. The prestige category is up versus 2019. And so we're encouraged by that. You know that prestige has been -- we talked about this had been the laggard, prestige makeup in particular. And now we're seeing that performance come back. Compared to 2019, it would still be -- have the kind of the lowest, I guess, performance, incremental performance over that as these other categories have been strong, like hair care and skincare really throughout the last couple of years. But yes, we're pleased with the performance. We've been working on this for a while. As you know, the brands have continued to bring innovation and the combination of changing consumer behaviors, opening up engagement and the innovation that I talked about. And I think with -- specifically within Ulta Beauty, as we've -- our merchants have done just a tremendous job evolving our assortment to make sure we have the brands, the products, the innovation that allow us to gain share and lead in the category. So we're pleased with the overall performance and glad to see prestige performing at a high level. 
David Kimbell: We've mentioned in the past that there's been a large number that have linked their accounts, but we haven't shared specific details on number of new members and break out by that, and we're not planning on doing that now. But as Kecia mentioned, we're just -- we're really encouraged by what we're seeing. We're really pleased with the overall partnership. The execution has been strong. The consumer reaction has been very positive. And the engagement in Ulta Beauty has really been a positive aspect. So our focus going forward, as I mentioned in the remarks, is to continue to drive that loyalty. That's key to our success is to engage guests in a new way to touch Ulta Beauty and ultimately get them connected to all aspects. We're encouraged by what we're seeing, and we're focused on driving that well into the future. 
David Kimbell: Great. I'm really glad you asked, Kelly. I do want to clarify, I know there's been some comments about a 20% off storewide customer base-wide. That is not -- we have not executed that. We haven't all year executed that. And that -- going back in history, we -- that was a trigger that we used frequently. And then pulling that out is core to our strategy of being more purposeful in how we're connecting with our guests. What you may have seen is more targeted. I mentioned how we've been -- you know we've been on this journey of investing in our personalization and our CRM capabilities. So we use a variety of offers, including 20% off but also points offers or newness offers or other broad communication to pinpoint and target subgroups within our typically smaller subgroups based on a specific behavior that we want to incentivize. One example might be if it's a Diamond member that hasn't shopped with us all year for several months, that guest may get a 20% off coupon, but it's only a small subset of groups. And we test and learn and we drive and we understand the profitability and return of doing that. So any 20% off has not been. There was an offer just -- if some of you saw this week that came out that was 20% off, that is a comp offer and is not storewide. It is -- we have a strategy within our mass side of the business that is -- as you know, mass tends to be a bit more promotional. So if any of you saw an offer this week that was 20% off, that was not storewide that was focused on our non-prestige side of our business, and we've been doing that particular offer for many years at this time of the year. So that's a comp event. So no incremental offers at this point. Now having said that to your second point about promotional intensity going forward. And holidays, Scott has mentioned this as well. We are seeing promotional intensity. That's obviously no surprise to any of you on the call, you're seeing it -- you mentioned Kelly apparel, it's happening just across retail right now. We continue to be focused. And in the second quarter, we're able to decrease our promotional intensity. We haven't layered in any big programs like I mentioned. But as we look forward, particularly going into the holiday, as Scott mentioned, the competitive set expands in gift giving to really all possible gifts, including apparel. So we're going to watch that. We are more promotional in the fourth quarter in the holiday historically. We -- and we see that as a strategic move to be competitive and to make sure we're delivering both on the gifting and the gaming side of our business. So we're watching that carefully. And Scott mentioned, that's kind of incorporated in our guidance going forward. Okay. So with that, a great question and thank you all again for your interest, and thank you for joining us today. I'll wrap up here. And I want to wrap up by again thanking the entire Ulta Beauty team for their passionate commitment to delivering on our mission, vision and values every day. Our strong performance is the direct result of our store, DC and corporate associates working together as 1 unified Ulta Beauty team to take care of our guests and to take care of each other while driving our business forward. So we look forward to speaking to all of you again in early December when we report our third quarter results. Thanks again for joining, and I hope you all have a great evening. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as gross margin is concerned, again, we're very happy with the results that the business is generating year-to-date. Our longer-term guidance assumes gross margin is going to moderate somewhat from what we saw last year, again, when we started out with our longer-term algorithm. And again, this year, the sales performance has just been extraordinary. So if you're looking at it year-over-year, I'd say product mix has something to do with the variability, UB Media mix and how we're accounting for that in the geography and the P&L has something to do with that. As we look out towards the remainder of 2022, we've been clear about we expect the promotional environment is probably going to get a little bit tougher, especially what we've seen here across the retail universe here most recently. So moderation as we look to the future. It's still a lot of great levers we have in the business. When we talk about Project SOAR delivering benefits over the longer term. Our continuous improvement in EFG efforts still with a lot of benefit to generate for the company over the long term. So I think operating margin, we feel good about opportunities to continue to leverage there, but we think gross margin will certainly moderate as we look ahead. 
Scott Settersten: And price increases as far as product is concerned throughout the channels. Again, where a number of increases in the second quarter, slightly higher than what we saw in the first quarter. We estimate it's about 300 basis points to total comp for the second quarter. Again, the number of SKUs that have been impacted and the total all impact to our assortment is higher than we expected early in the year and we expect there to be in the back half of the year. We've already been alerted by some of our vendor partners that there's some in the queue now, and we expect there to be more as we get deeper into the year. So we'll continue to update quantitatively on how that impacts our business and how we're thinking about it maybe for 2023 when we get further down the road. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So I'll start that one. So pricing, we said about 300 basis points of price increases reflected in our 2Q results. And all the price increases that we're aware of through our vendor partnerships are embedded in our guidance, right, for the back half of the year. So we feel like we have that framed up well. When we think about, again, the second quarter spectacular performance above our expectations. Our updated guidance includes, right, the beat on the second quarter and the trends we've seen so far, early stages of the third quarter. When I think about the top line trends, and again, back half of the year, we're going to be lapping some stronger performance last year. We've referenced the competitive environment. We expect that to be tougher as we get into the back half of the year, the promotional environment, again, you know this well, Oliver, in the fourth quarter holiday. We compete with all of retail for gift giving, right? So it's a whole totally different kind of game for a relatively short period of time. So we expect it to be more competitive, more promotional this year than it was a year ago. You've heard us talk about distribution points, additional points of distribution on prestige beauty coming as we get deeper into the year. That's another consideration. Then on the operating income side, we referenced the strategic initiative expenses kind of pushing back later into the year. Some of that's due to just shortages of manpower and delay sometimes in shifting some of the hardware that we need to get some of these projects finalized. So again, nothing to be overly concerned with, but there are some delays as there is in all parts of the world right now, it seems. So nothing unusual there. And then some of the costs, right, the increased cost, inflationary pressures we're seeing in the business. It's going to be heavier in the back half of the year than it was the first half of the year. So all in, we think we're in a good place, and it's reasonable -- it's a reasonable estimate of the guide and what we expect for the second half of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Chris, you don't need me to answer the question. You already figured it all out. So gold star for you today. So I mean, that's it in essence. I mean, again, we talk about guidance and estimates on every one of these calls, people have questions. I mean -- and we really do look at it right up to just before the call. And so what we've seen in the last couple of weeks with sales strength. Again, Dave mentioned this late July bounced back just like how it looked early parts of the quarter. And August, we've kind of continued on the same trend. So we're taken up the third quarter, in essence, for the strength there. And we're kind of being careful with the fourth quarter for the reasons we've already stated. We think promotional environment is going to be higher. And so just navigating that balance between the sales line and the margin investment it takes to close that. So that's exactly right. 
