David Kimbell: Yes, the other areas we're focused on, certainly, yes, product recommendation, replenishment reminders. We're adding into that additional customized co-purchase recommendations, site personalization. So customizing your site experience based on your previous behavior. For example, if we see that you're a first-time visitor, you'll get a different experience than if you're a frequent visitor. Your homepage might change, we'll do product finders in unique ways. Really, the purchase -- the acquisition of both QM Scientific and GlamST was to accelerate our personalization efforts, and we're really excited about the progress and results to date and feel like we're going to take a big step towards that goal in 2019. 
David Kimbell: Hi, Ashley. We are -- frankly, we're seeing strength across the whole makeup category. Certainly, there's brands across all price points that are doing very well, and there's others that are struggling. So I wouldn't say it's a strength. And one of the -- it's a shift. I will say, one of the strengths that we have at Ulta Beauty is what we call mass migration and bringing a guest in -- a segment of guests in through mass brands and introducing them into prestige brands. That is still continuing. That's quite healthy. It's a unique aspect of the Ulta Beauty experience since we're the only ones that carry brands across all price points. That behavior is still quite strong. And so brands at all price points, from entry-level price points such as e.l.f., all the way up through our most prestige brands, whether it's Lancôme or Chanel, are performing quite well. We are seeing strength. This masstige area of brands with price points kind of in between is a growth area, but it's not really at the expense of any specific part of the business. It's just attractive right now as some of those brands are stronger at this moment. 
David Kimbell: Yes, the primary purpose of this year's refresh program is really to continue to expand some key brand partners that we have. As we go into these stores, we'll, in some cases, address opportunities to enhance or improve or repair certain parts of the store. But we see a big opportunity for us to continue to expand with key brands. And what's going to be a bit different maybe this year versus years in the past when we think specifically around some of our brands like Clinique and Lancôme is we'll be expanding them into a variety of different expressions. In some cases, in a boutique, as you've seen and come to know at Ulta Beauty, but in many cases, in different expressions, whether that's in gondolas, on walls, on endcaps, in other parts of the store. So that's the primary focus of that -- of this year's rollout and improvement with our stores. 
David Kimbell: Yes, Mark, on Kylie, I guess I wouldn't say that there is a one-size-fits-all solution to that. I think, with Kylie, we anticipated potentially having out-of-stocks late in the quarter. It actually happened a little bit earlier as reaction -- consumer reaction was a bit more positive than we anticipated. And it's not our ideal scenario, but it was one that we had planned on for this specific launch. As we look forward with other brands that are in our portfolio, that's not -- we're not experiencing out-of-stocks on a consistent basis and that's not something that we would certainly want to make a practice or a habit. But there will be instances on brands, as they're either building their capacity or the timing makes sense, that we may experience that. But I wouldn't think of that as, now, that's the new normal or a new way for us to approach it. So that in and of itself shouldn't have an impact going forward. As far as the percent exclusive, we talked in the past in the 6% to 7% range. We'll continue to try to grow that over time. I think as we bring in new brands like Kylie and that becomes a bigger part, a big focus for us as we look at new brands, whether they're larger existing brands or new emerging brands, is to drive as much exclusivity as we can. Our guests respond favorably to that. So whether we're the absolute only place or it's in very limited distribution, that's a focus for our merchant team and one we're having a lot of success on, so we plan to continue to grow that number going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes, we're -- we feel really positive overall. And obviously, in the fourth quarter, we're very pleased with our results. As we look across the competitive landscape, again, we talked about this in the past, beauty is a very attractive category. We are very respectful of our competitors and they're all doing some really interesting things. So we watch across all of them and they're all, whether it's in the mass segment or prestige or online competitors, are certainly formidable and driving changes. We've -- as we look across the marketplace, there have been some shifts in reported metrics around the category. Fortunately, at Ulta, we feel like our collection of products, the balanced assortment that we have across categories and price points, the guest experience that we deliver was able to kind of navigate our business through any changes in the broader marketplace and frankly, be a leader in that. And that's what we're focused on continuing to do and play offense as we deliver a great experience to our guests going forward. 
Scott Settersten: As far as the comp cadence for the year, I would say, generally speaking, it's a pretty consistent 6% to 7% throughout the whole year. Although I would say, maybe the fourth quarter, you might take a little bit more conservative approach on as we'll be comping over some great kickoffs here with Kylie and James Charles here this last fourth quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so as far as color on the year goes, so we're transitioning into this new sphere, right, this new zone of guidance and annual guidance and whatnot and updating on the quarters. But I know everyone has this question, Chris, so you got to the buzzer first. So when we look at the year... 
Scott Settersten: The modest operating expansion for the full year, it's going to come on the gross margin line, it's what we expect, and it's going to come through better merchandise margin overall. I think I could point to the clearance event in that second, third quarter time period this last year. We wouldn't expect to have to do that again in 2019. That's not in our plan. You mentioned salon. Yes, that will be a headwind but it's not the biggest driver in there. So that will be some deleverage on the gross margin line. DC leverage in the first half of the year is heavier because of Fresno, right? We won't lap that until the middle of the year. And so supply chain will kind of moderate in the second half. And then, we've got some good occupancy leverage in there throughout the year, but there's a slight shift quarter-to-quarter just because the new store program sequences a little bit different in 2019. SG&A then, it's a net deleverage for 2019 and it's primarily coming out of the investments we're making, right, to drive long-term healthy sales and earnings for the business. So the M&A things we did, right, turning to OpEx now, there's a lot of other innovation. Mary went through a long list of things that we're doing to drive the business, and primarily, those things fall in the SG&A. Corporate overhead is really the primary culprit there, so to speak, on the deleverage. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so we don't really characterize or describe SG&A in dollars growth year-over-year. I know others in the department store and other spaces do that. But just color on SG&A overall, again, it's going to be a net deleverage point for the full year. Heavier maybe the first part of the year as we still got some of the investments that were late starting in 2018, right? We had heavier deleverage in corporate overhead in the second half of 2018, and some of the investment and growth initiatives kind of we got out of the gate a little bit slower in 2018 than we had planned to do. So that will continue into the first half of 2019. Store labor, we'll continue to make investments there to drive growth strategies there. But I think that gets neutralized a lot by some marketing leverage we expect to close on in 2019. So yes, so we're in a good spot overall, we believe, well managed and doing the right things for the business for the long-term. 
Scott Settersten: And Steve, just from a quantitative standpoint, if we think about it in terms of the total fleet investment, so if you compare new store, 100-plus last year, the 80 next year, the remodel boutique kinds of activities that we have and the merchandising fixtures in general that we're always refreshing our stores, right, in one fashion or another. I think it's actually a step down in net CapEx year-over-year, if you look at it that way. So again, it's a key focus for us. Keep that store fleet looking fresh all the time, keep it inviting and making sure we're delivering the best guest experience that we can. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so as far as the traffic trends go, I mean, we know we struggled a little bit and we had some headwinds early in the year, and we picked up momentum. We saw that. We're on it. We're -- the merchant team and all their support partners are working hard to make sure we bring the best that we can, that our guests expect from us and that's going to generate excitement, whether it's in-store or online. So again, going into every quarter, going into every year, our expectation is to drive a healthy balance between traffic, transactions and ticket growth overall with no, I wouldn't say, any one specific expectation for any one of those elements, right? So again, earlier in the year, some of the newness didn't deliver, right? Didn't drive as much excitement in either of the channels as we'd hoped for. We found more winners in the back half of the year, right? And that drives traffic, whether it's online or in-store. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I think, sometimes, we try to overengineer our financial models. Again, it's always a healthy balance, whether it's ticket versus traffic or it's units versus average selling price. Again, at the end of the day, these products get hot and things happen that you can't control, right? The guest is going to determine how they want to spend their money. 
Scott Settersten: As far as inventory goes, I think we addressed some of that at Analyst Day here back in November. So yes, we expect that we're still in the early stages. I mean, I think it's evidenced, the metrics you referred to. And now, again, I don't know that I'd be able to draw a line, right, and continue in perpetuity some of the performance we've seen here most recently, but we believe we've got the tools and the capabilities in place now to definitely do a lot more by way of optimizing our inventory over the long-term and margin results, right, that are coming from being able better to control the flow, far more automated kind of markdowns, doing better with our transitions and our assortment decisions. So we still think there's a long way to go there. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I'd say what we've been through, we've been investing for a long time, right, Mary? I mean, for multiple years now and it's a moving target, Michael. You know that. Retail is a very dynamic environment. So we talked -- I think I referenced supply chain and maybe a little bit less deleverage in the back half of the year, but we're still making big investments through fast fulfillment centers and other tools and things we're putting in place to help our teams perform better day-to-day. So the investment never ends, right? In air quotes, I guess I would say. So -- and we're pragmatic. Whenever we're looking at the quarter and we see sales strength, there's an opportunity to pull back on promotional cadence and things like that. So we're just -- every quarter and every year presents its own unique set of elements that we try to navigate through and just deliver the best overall result. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I'd say the primary driver is around Efficiencies for Growth or EFG. So again, we haven't spoken to that directly today. But that's an umbrella over the whole enterprise, right? And so there's a lot of benefits to that, that are going to flow through both the gross margin line and the SG&A line. It's going to help us offset cost pressures that you see all retailers talking about, whether it's innovation things or digital things or wage rate pressures or freight pressures. I mean, there's a whole list of things that we are navigating our way through here. So EFG, I think Adrienne asked a question here earlier about inventory. So that's a key piece of what's going to help merchandise margin. It's not just the out-the-door selling margin, it's how we work with our vendors more efficiently and optimize a lot of the, what I call, the core processes internally around the merchandise assortment and how we transition our stores and how much store labor gets incurred to execute some of those things and the partners we work with and all the economics that go along with that. So that's really it that's driving our assumptions around better merchandise margins here in the foreseeable future. 
Scott Settersten: Yes -- no, that's built in there. When we're talking about merchandise margin expansion, 2019 specifically, I mean, we're -- nothing's really changed there, the underlying economics of that channel of the business. So again, pressure on the gross margin line. But on the EBIT line, you're right, stores in e-commerce are much -- it's a much closer horse race overall. So again, what we saw in the fourth quarter, right, a little bit more moderate e-commerce growth is good news on the EBIT line, right? So stores still drive a better variable contribution overall. But again, back to the big picture, we have to do both well. We're going to -- we'll take whatever margin characteristics come from either and try to drive the best result we can. 
Scott Settersten: All right. So as far as margin characteristics, I think that's a fair way to look at it. I mean, we didn't get into much in the details here, I guess, in the Q&A on margin. But I mean, mix always plays a significant role in what the financial outcomes are. So product mix, fragrance and mass color, we pointed out was stronger. We're taking share there. Those are slight rate headwinds for us overall. But again, we'll take that any day of the week, right, with the sales increases that we saw. And then, we just mentioned the channel shifts. So e-com was a little bit more moderate than what we expected. And actually, that's good news in the short term. So we get a little bit of a tailwind on that on the EBIT line. Merchandise margin target. So we pulled back on promotion, right? We talked about that. Again, people get a little bit overly focused on that 20% off coupon, but there was add back. There's the loyalty points. Don't forget, we called that out in our remarks, right, that, that hurt us a little bit more than we were expecting. But again, that's fantastic news, great for long-term investors. People are engaged in our credit card and our loyalty program and they earned more points than we expected, which hurt rate a little bit in the short-term, but all those guests are coming back in the next few months, right, to use those points in our stores or online. So we think that -- again, we think that's a fair trade. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I don't really think there's anything, my crystal ball out here on the table, as far as margin characteristics over the long-term. Again, I'm a conservative person by nature. I'd say there's inherent headwind built into that piece of the business, right, regardless of the scale, at least the scale that we're talking about here as a specialty retailer. And so, again, we're working hard every day with tools, with our supply chain, road map, build-out of facilities, to get closer to customers, maintain maximum flexibility as things continue to evolve there and just hoping that we make smart decisions along the way. 
Mary Dillon: Possibly 3 questions in 1. Listen, we're excited about the momentum on the business, digitally native brands being a part of it, but frankly, really not the only and most major part. I mean, we had, as I discussed in the script, really strong growth across a lot of -- most of our categories and share gains across almost every single category. And strong double-digit growth across many places. So really, I would say that think about those as definitely big launches. Morphe, we had already launched. The James Charles palette was a nice, good addition because he has a strong following. And of course, Kylie was new and a pretty small assortment. So you can expect that -- I've already said, we're expanding that assortment. That's happening right now. And I'd like to think about it as a plethora of ways that we're going to continue to be the source, I think, leader for growth in the category by participating across categories with the many brand partners that are both existing and new. So I think about it as, I guess, sort of we're all really focused on what are our guests looking for at the end of the day. And if we can make sure to offer that to them, I think we're going to continue to be in a good place. 
Mary Dillon: And then, to your other question, Simeon, I would say, it sort of -- it depends. Overall, digitally native brands are performing well, both online and we're bringing them into the store. So maybe what we just saw on the last quarter, it's a little bit about how we choose to play it, frankly. As we went into this quarter, we emphasized those 2, Kylie and James Charles, launches more in-store, frankly, and it really drove a lot of in-store traffic. They're also doing really, really well online. But we had a bigger assortment in-store. And so I would say that we also have brands that we sell only online that did quite well. So for us, it's about -- I think it actually is a good proof point about the basic thesis of our business, which is that the physical experience of trying on -- trying products in person really appeals to a lot of our guests, and then she also wants to be able to buy it online and be convenient as well. So it's an interesting time for us to say how do we kind of meet the guest where she is, think about how -- what's best for our business, but I don't see any reason why we can't be successful in both channels. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Adrienne. We don't really break that out specifically. I'll tell you, we feel really good about the Diamond tier launch. It's ahead of -- I guess, I would say, it's ahead of what we expected so far, which is fantastic because these folks are our best guests in terms of being omnichannel guests, services guests, high share of wallet, et cetera. And we're seeing overall, throughout the loyalty set of folks, as they mature, they spend more, and so we're going to have more of them moving from Platinum into Diamond. And our job is to continue to entice them to spend more through everything that we do every day. And I think all that is working really well. So as I mentioned, whether it's newness; new perks, we just started with being able to use loyalty points on services and that seems to be very appealing; credit card growth; and then the additional ability to use personalization tools. I think we feel good about where we are. 
Mary Dillon: And the goal is to always drive as much comp as we can. So I mean, I can't -- we can't predict that would be a continued trend. I mean, that was a bit of a -- it worked great, but I wouldn't say that we'd expect it to be ongoing at that level. But our merchant team is constantly out there. There's all sorts of newness all the time and that's what our guests really want, and I think we're doing a good job of delivering that. And as for the channel shift, I guess, in some ways, we're kind of learning as we go. As I said, we're being very direct about the fact that the e-commerce growth was somewhat different than we expected this quarter because it's sort of a high-class problem to have, we have more people shopping in the stores. And I think it's interesting, again, proving the thesis that the in-store experience is extremely important sometimes as well. So I think we'll just continue to be strategic and tactical about how we think about launches. And it's going to vary. There won't be any one formula, I think I'd say, but I think it's good that we have options. 
Mary Dillon: Omar, thank you. That's a great question and certainly something that we work on all the time, thinking about both the short-term, literally the next day, the next quarter, and 10 years from now. So I'd say, first and foremost, I think there's a lot of things for us to do to continue to drive growth in our core business model and that's what we're really, really focused on. So we've got a lot of stores to build, a lot of stores to remodel. We're focused on, frankly, what should the experience of the future be like online and in-store. And in some ways, we've gotten started but there's a lot more that we can and will do there because we don't rest on our laurels, no pun intended. But we fully would expect that what guests would expect in the future in terms of a retail experience is just going to continue to change. So I'd say a lot of what we're focused on is continuing to do what we do well today and then think about how to invent the future of our core model with confidence. I mean, I do feel that we feel that if we play our offense, which is really deep understanding about our guests, really treating our associates well with a culture that seems to be working, and positioning Ulta Beauty as a really inclusive beauty retailer and everything that goes with that, we think we're on the right path. So at the same token, we're absolutely thinking about what does the longer-term future look like to continue to drive shareholder returns, and there's many ways to think about that. So that hasn't changed. We're not announcing doing anything differently today, but that's a fair question and one that we work on. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, and I'll just jump in, Dan, on the question on urban stores. It kind of depends on how you define urban, there's a lot of different ways to describe it. So the vast majority of the stores that we have planned to build, I guess, you'd consider sort of non-urban, more in our traditional kind of power centers. But we have plenty of urban stores or city stores that we like and that do well. I'd say, the addition of more -- I wouldn't call them flagship, more high-profile stores, like the Manhattan Upper East Side and Michigan Avenue, has also been great in terms of just expanding awareness and presence of Ulta Beauty as a retailer. But those kind of things have a different cost scenario in terms of how to run them. And so we're just going to continue to be really selective. And there's going to be spots where we like the footprint, we like the parking, we like the -- what's around us, and they'll be few and far between, I think, because really, our model tends to not be super urban and does fine. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I would say, first of all, the e-commerce, the way we guided for this year is consistent with roughly where we're feeling as we looked at our longer-term plan, that we're off a very big base and that we'll be pushing $1 billion in sales. And so we naturally expected that to moderate. And so I don't -- I think the fourth quarter may have been a bit of an anomaly. We'll see in terms of that dynamic. But again, I think, our job is to just stay smart and flexible with the levers that we have and understand the dynamics that's happening from a consumer behavior perspective. There's no way, shape or form that the importance of e-commerce as a channel is going to diminish, it's only going to grow. And so we need to continue to make sure that we're a great omnichannel retailer as well as a great brick-and-mortar retailer. I think it's kind of the best way to answer it. And then, the... 
Mary Dillon: Great. I'd like to wrap up by thanking our 45,000 associates for delivering an excellent 2018 and teeing up 2019 to be another year of strong top and bottom line growth. I think our team is really well positioned to execute on a host of growth and efficiency initiatives to drive the long term success of our business and create significant shareholder value. So I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you. 
