Scott Settersten: Sure. Thanks, Dana. So I'll give you a little bit more maybe than you were thinking about when you initially put this question together because I'm sure it's on other investors' minds as well.  So thinking about '24 and beyond. And again, this is directional, in no particular order, but I kind of start with the headwinds. So supply chain transformation will continue to be a tougher compare for us as we think about next year as we continue to build out in and work through our distribution centers across the country. E-commerce mix, we've talked about. Again, it's been a bit of a benefit for us the last couple of years. We expect e-commerce to grow at a higher rate than brick-and-mortar next year and the years to come, and so that will be a headwind for us in gross margin. Again, we've got ways to mitigate that now that we didn't have back in 2019, namely BOPIS, ship from store and same-day delivery.  So those would be the headwinds. I'd say promotionality is something I call kind of a TBD. So again, 2023 has been a bit of a deleverage point for us because we're getting back into a more normal environment. It's yet to be seen on how 2024 will shake out. So that's something we'll have to navigate.  On the plus side, you mentioned a couple. Well, other revenue, #1 again. 2023, it's been a big tailwind for us. We would expect that to continue, although moderating a bit in '24. Cycling over price increases this year has been a major headwind to the business in the gross margin line. That will moderate as we get into -- deeper into 2024 and cycle through some of that. Shrink, we called out third quarter. We're gaining on it a little bit. Again, it's not mission accomplished by any stretch of the imagination, but we do feel like we've got tactics in place now that will help us get that better managed. UB Media, [ it's and ] as that business continues to scale up, we expect that to be a margin benefit for us. And then, of course, fixed cost, again, in the third quarter a bit of an anomaly with some of the repair and maintenance expenses that we absorb, but over the long term, we expect to be able to kind of leverage fixed store cost on a 3% to 5% comp. 
Scott Settersten: And I would just reiterate what Dave said, our fourth quarter comp sales expectations have not changed, all right? We are giving ourselves a little bit wider range, I would say, on operating margin than you would probably expect to see at this stage of the year. But it is $1 billion above the last couple of quarters. So small changes in consumer reaction could have a bigger impact on our business.  So we're just being prudent, giving ourselves room to maneuver, I guess I would say, thinking about how we deliver overall great experience for the guests, both in the store and online. And again, we feel like we're really well positioned. We're off to a good start, but there's still a long way to go. 
Scott Settersten: And Michael, we're in the midst of a multiyear transformation on many fronts across the business that, again, we expect to deliver significant efficiencies and optimization opportunities for our business for many years to come. And so 2023 is an extraordinary investment year. A lot of it is coming through the SG&A line, again, the $60 million to $70 million on top of $50 million last year, again, we believe we're at or near the peak of that. Third quarter bore a large brunt of the burden for 2023. So we would expect SG&A growth to moderate in '24 and beyond. And -- but I would remind folks, again, when you're just calling out the SG&A line, we have said consistently we're willing to invest in SG&A as long as we can deliver operating margin leverage. So again, UB Media is a good example of that. It costs money, people cost, tool cost and things to ramp up there over time, but we get back in the gross margin line over the long term. So we're well positioned for the future and believe we're on the right track. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Lorraine. Yes, yes, we -- it is our objective to gain share across all parts of our business, and we did -- we feel positive about that in many parts, including our mass business, our prestige skin care, our prestige fragrance business, our prestige e-commerce business. But brick-and-mortar was pressured, and we think that's largely due to expanded points of distribution. There are hundreds more brick-and-mortar locations in the market now than there were even just a couple of years ago.  And -- but what we see is more of a short-term impact from this competitive -- kind of the competitive pressure. Historically, as we've seen new locations open near our existing locations, there's a short-term modest impact. But relatively quickly, our stores are able to rebound and recover and to drive growth, share growth over time.  So largely, what we're seeing, and we're confident in the path ahead that our strategies, our holistic strategies and everything that we're doing across our assortment, across our brand engagement, our loyalty program, and then certainly, the human experience that we uniquely deliver in our stores give us a lot of confidence that while there's some short-term pressure year-over-year, we're still stronger in share than we were pre-pandemic, and we're confident in growth behind our strategies going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I would -- yes, so I'll start and let Scott give a little insight here. When we look at the promotional environment, maybe I'll start there, Mark. The -- as we highlighted in the third quarter, the promotional environment was higher in Q3 than a year ago, but still meaningfully below 2019 levels. So while we're seeing some increase, it's -- we don't see an irrational promotional market. We're definitely not back to 2019 levels. And we've been able to leverage our capabilities behind CRM and overall personalization to manage more effectively within our promotional intensity.  So with that backdrop, as we look into the fourth quarter, again, we're not expecting anything radically different than what we saw, a bit more promotional, not irrational to what we've essentially seen so far, not back to 2019 levels.  And when we look at our outlook, and I'll let Scott give a little bit more color, we really haven't changed our fourth quarter comp sales. As we've been talking for a while, we've seen -- we expected in the second half of this year for comp to moderate to low single digits. We were a bit ahead of that in the third quarter, and we're still confident in our outlook for the fourth quarter, and that gave us -- really our third quarter performance gave us the confidence to move up the bottom end of that range.  So as we look out, we're not anticipating any major disruptions from promotion. But Scott mentioned the biggest weeks of holiday are still ahead. So we're staying close to that. The consumer engagement, we're positive about, and that's reflected in our updated refined outlook going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes, I'll start with comp. But yes, I think you've said it well. We're again, when we look long term, very confident in the total growth of the category and our ability to gain share. That's certainly our objective all the time. As we look in the fourth quarter, it's a -- we are lapping a very strong fourth quarter last year. We anticipated this. We've been talking about a moderation in our comp trends all year long. And so far, it's played out essentially as we thought with some modest improvement, a little bit ahead of that, but that's how we anticipated. So when we look into the fourth quarter, what's reflected in our outlook is continued strong engagement, a successful holiday and healthy comps certainly on a 2-, 3-year basis, but we're lapping some strong performance last year as we get through this fourth quarter. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Thanks, Oliver. I'll start with stores. We continue to reiterate our outlook of 1,500 to 1,700 stores, and towards -- and we've said that we believe we'll be towards the high end of that range. That hasn't changed and we're confident in that. And that does not include our expansion in partnership with Target. And as I mentioned in the call, we're up to 510 of those locations. Our store-level earnings, our store profitability remains very healthy. We're very positive about the new store opening performance, and we're confident in the opportunity to continue to expand our presence. We have a couple of things that you highlighted. We've been testing and I'd say, expanding really a smaller format, which is a 5,000 square foot store that's really targeted towards smaller markets, more remote markets, and we're having good success there. We've updated our full store layout that we've expanded into -- I think it's maybe 80 stores now or so that all new stores and some remodels that have a new format that makes it more intuitive to shop the whole store. The categories are bundled together. The services are highlighted more. The brands are easier to engage in. And so we continue to invest in the experience and elevate how we're engaging with our guests. And we're very bullish on the stores, the performance and the outlook. On UB Media, we're pleased with our advancements. We've invested in that this year. We've had hundreds of brands participate, thousands of campaigns over the course of the year. We've expanded our team. And it's exactly what you said, the power of our data, the unique insights that we can bring because we have 42 million members and we have an assortment that spans all price points in all categories and all geographies and demographics, we've got a really powerful tool with our brands. We can bring value to our brands through that. And so I'd say we'll continue to see good results from that. And -- but I'd also say we're just getting started with a lot of opportunity, more to come as we look into the future. So we're putting -- we're accelerating that effort as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes. You're sneaking another question in, Oliver. On Scott's announcement day, too, right? So -- but yes, AI is an important part of our business. You mentioned QM Scientific, which we bought a few years ago, really is one step among many to increase the power of advanced analytics to more personalize our guest experience. And I'd say across the board, we're bringing that to life, more opportunity to go for sure, but with an ultimate objective of being able to better anticipate and understand our guest needs and desires and behaviors so we can better service them in store, online and through all of our touch points. And then we're using generative AI, we're really just getting started, but we see opportunities within Gen AI to streamline, accelerate and advance some of the experiences, things like our product descriptions, to automate some of that to make it more real time to speed up our innovation to leverage some of our creative processes. And behind the scenes with some data management and supply chain and other places. So we're excited about both what it's contributed so far, and it's a big focus for our organization to take full advantage and be a leader in that space as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Great question, Krisztina, because our loyalty program is so key to our business and to our success. And I tell you, I can't -- couldn't be more pleased and proud of the team's efforts to evolve and advance this program.  And what I say internally to our 53,000 associates is, every single one of us own and contribute to loyalty, both the acquisition of new members, but importantly, the engagement and delighting our members every single day, in-store, online and our guest services through our assortment, our advertising, our social media, every touch point we have. And so it is an always-on activity for us, it's top of mind every day for us to make sure that we are delighting our guests because we know that's the secret to our success and our long-term future. The big picture result of 8% growth of our loyalty program is evidence that that's working because the things that come together to drive that type of growth on a big number, a big number to start with is, first and foremost, retention. We wouldn't be growing it if we weren't retaining at a very high, very healthy, we believe, industry-leading level, and we continue to work to improve that every day with every member through our personalization. So the personalization efforts, I'd say, first and foremost, are ultimately about retention because if I can use personalization to provide more value to our guests, then they will be more likely to stay with us, to buy more with us and to be a long-term guest and move up into the Platinum and Diamond levels and all of that. We also saw nice results in new member, have never been a member of Ulta Beauty, and we continue to expand that, and that's through our new stores, our advertising, our partnership with Target, our digital presence, our social media. And we feel like while we've had a lot of scale, there are tens of millions of beauty enthusiasts that are not currently part of our program. And the third area is reactivation, where while we have very strong, healthy retention, we don't retain everybody. So there is a pool of guests that -- most of the time, it isn't because they had a bad experience. They just fell out of the habit of shopping at Ulta. And so we have a very personalized direct program to reengage and reactivate those lost guests, and that's been contributing to our growth. So across the board, we're pleased with the engagement. We're pleased with the spend per member. All metrics in that program continue to be encouraging to us and we see a long runway, and we're focused on it every day through innovation, hard work and just a commitment to guest experience to drive that for the long term. 
David Kimbell: Yes, Michael, I'd say that, first, I'd start by answering that question is, yes, our goal and our long-term history is to gain share. And our entire strategy across our assortment, our marketing, the loyalty program, our stores, our e-com, our digital tools, everything we do is designed to be a leader and to gain share and to drive our business forward. And in many parts of our business, we have been and continue to be doing that. Our prestige makeup and hair business have been more challenged. And that's really a reflection of expanded points of distribution, which I talked about hundreds of points of distribution in -- largely in those that are impacting disproportionately those categories and some other competitive pressures. In mass makeup, in mass skincare, in mass hair care, in prestige skincare, prestige fragrance, we are gaining share and have continued to do so. So our focus is to continue to do that, to take the healthy, strong share growing parts of our business and accelerate that, and to return the ones that have been a bit more challenged to growth, and we have got plans to do that.  I talked about makeup on an earlier question. And we, both through the newness that we've launched and more to come as we turn the calendar to 2024, the execution that we have in store, our focus online, we're confident that we will be able to drive that back. Same holds true in hair care.  Specifically around promo, honestly, we see it, Michael, as a balance. Where we feel good about our overall position, our overall growth, as I said, we're gaining share in many parts of our business, and so we're pinpointed in how we want to leverage our promotional intensity. We don't want to wildly swing back when we have confidence that it's not just promo that will return to share growth, it's the collective strategies and actions, the long-term efforts around assortment and execution that will drive share growth over time. And so we'll leverage promo in the short term. We have been, but as we've said earlier, we in no way have turned back to 2019, which is one indicator. We're not just going to swing wildly. We'll be thoughtful, strategic, and have clear actions and long-term actions that get us to sustained share growth. And I say that from a position of confidence given our track record of gaining share consistently for many years, and we're confident we'll be able to do that well into the future. All right. So thank you for that question, Michael, and thanks for all of you for your engagement. I want to close by thanking our more than 53,000 Ulta Beauty associates for delivering another strong quarter for our shareholders while also successfully executing against our strategic priority. And once again, I want to thank Scott for his partnership and tremendous impact on Ulta Beauty, and I want to congratulate Paula as I know she is going to be an outstanding CFO for our company. We wish you all a happy and healthy holiday season. I hope you get out and shop at Ulta Beauty often. And we look forward to speaking to you again when we report results for fiscal 2023 on March 14. Hope you have a good evening. 
