Scott Settersten: Sure, Ike. Well, I'm not going to parse out the basis points, but I'd give you a little bit more color on what we described in our prepared remarks. So as far as 3Q is concerned, again we are down 110 basis points actual for the quarter. After going-in assumption, it was kind of flattish, I would say, on the gross profit line. So again, part of it was expected and part of it was unexpected. So the expected part, I guess I would say prestige boutiques, those brands, put a little bit more pressure on gross profit. We've talked about that now for quite some time. Again, those brands performed extremely well during the quarter, were a bigger percentage of the pie overall, so created some downward pressure on rate. Similar story with e-commerce. Again, the going-in assumption was about a 50% growth rate, ended up in just over 60% year-over-year for the quarter. E-commerce, with some of the promotional activity that we do usually typically over indexes there, right, with the digital connectivity that we see there. Again, e-commerce creates a little headwind on the gross profit line. But on the EBIT line, we're almost agnostic on where that sale goes, whether it's through the retail fleet or through our e-commerce network. So very happy there overall with the results. As far as the unexpected piece was concerned, again, color cosmetics continue to be a little softer than we were thinking back in late August when we put our forecast together. And then, of course, we had the hurricanes, right, spring on us in a much more significant way than maybe you've seen with some other retailers. So a lot of stores impacted, a lot of them very high volume stores in key markets for us. At the peak of one of our signature events for the year, I think we had more than 1,000 store days impacted either full closures or partial closures. Again, tough to determine what the CNN effect on some of that stuff was, right? It was raining hard in a lot of parts across the U.S., not in just those 2 markets. So that, we reacted to during the quarter. We saw some softness in the sales trends and we reacted appropriately. Ulta, luckily, we've got a lot of levers we can pull. And so we immobilized the internal forces here, and we're able to recapture a lot of those sales, albeit at a somewhat lower margin rate. So fixed store cost, there was leverage there although not as much as we thought, right, kind of going into the quarter because the retail comps were a little bit softer. And of course, thinking back to last year on the very healthy retail comps that we generated, not consistent with the rates of leverage we saw last year. Supply chain did a little better overall. Again, we were thinking it'd be kind of flattish but they did a little better than we were expecting going in, so things are working well in the back of the house. Pivoting then, so 3Q and looking ahead at 4Q, gross profit, we're thinking kind of flattish for the quarter overall. Again, merchandise margins, we're thinking flattish to down modestly for the quarter. So again, not the same kind of circumstances apparent in the fourth quarter. So it's already a promotional period, right? So margin rates are already under pressure from just the nature of the overall environment there. We've got things we talked -- we referred to the credit card which gives us a lot of tailwinds with basket build and things like that. So we're doing a great job signing up people there. Gift card is another thing that we've got implemented with really healthy growth rates there year-over-year. Of course, those are post holiday kind of redemptions by and large, right, where the margin rate environment I'd say is a little bit healthier, right, and maybe preholiday. So we're optimistic that we can hold margin rates flattish in the fourth quarter. Fixed store cost leverage, we expect to get some in the fourth quarter, again, probably not as much as we saw last year on a healthier retail comp overall. Supply chain, we're going to get leverage there this year in the fourth quarter, which is quite a bit of different story than what we've seen the last few years in the fourth quarter when we've been ramping up these new distribution centers, right? So again, a great story. Those buildings are online. We're optimizing them, and they are driving efficiencies and leverage for us overall on the gross profit line. 
Scott Settersten: And I would just remind folks, again, Ulta is a little bit different than a lot of typical retailers that are struggling these days, right? I mean, these stores are built to generate significant SLE, 20% plus at low to mid-single-digit comp kind of numbers on the top line. So again, while we monitor store productivity very closely, there's nothing today that would suggest to us that there needs to be any kind of radical adjustment to our long-range targets at this point. 
Scott Settersten: No. I mean, there -- it's a pretty sizable charge we had to absorb. So there's insurance claims being prepared, and we're working on trying to get as much of that back as we can in the fiscal year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so looking ahead on operating margin, again, we know that's the hot button with our investor group, right? And so there were some unforeseen circumstances that happen. So softness in the color cosmetics area, we're kind of navigating our way through there as best we can. The hurricanes, we had to react to that. We thought that was the best course of action for us. So the last couple of quarters, we're not what we expected going into 2017, right? But the good news is we were able to respond, and we delivered on our financial commitments to our investors, right, so that's the good news. So as far as the quarter sequencing goes next year, I mean, I'm not going to be able to give you really probably the detail that you want on that, but we're prepared today just to give people a sense, like as we're thinking of 2018, here's a couple of data points, right, that we can process on. So again, Dave talked to newness for next year, right? So Ulta Beauty, great innovator, we'll continue to be next year. And we're -- our merchant teams have been working hard with the marketing folks figuring out what can we do next year, right, to reenergize the color cosmetics space both with our existing vendor partners and new folks, right, that we can bring in to the assortment overall, with the thought being how do we mitigate some of the merchandise margin pressure, right, that we've been facing here recently. So that's number one. When we think about other drivers for operating margin for the long term, so one thing is CapEx for next year. Right now our preliminary view again -- and we're not guiding for next year, but the preliminary view looks like CapEx will take a significant step down next year, right, below $400 million, significantly below $400 million versus the $450 million, let's call it, that we had in 2017. So some of you have heard us talk about what's driving some of that. So we've kind of cycled through the peak on the boutique rollouts, right? So there's been a lot of accelerated depreciation flowing through the P&Ls the last couple of years related to these remodel activities that we've taken across the large part of the fleet, right, to keep our store fleet looking fresh. So we're kind of past that now. I'd say we're taking a more moderate view with some of the back-of-the-house investments. So we've made significant investments the last couple of years, and now we're shifting to more of an optimization kind of mode, right, making sure we're getting the value out of those investments we've made the last few years. And you've heard us talk about forecasting and replenishment and master data and space planning and all those kinds of things. So that's kind of what I'm referring to there. Fixed store cost leverage. So again, we're not -- it's not a straight line, right? This year, we've had some higher rent, kind of higher profile locations go online. They were the right real estate decisions for us at this point in time. But they put pressure on margin rate. There's no avoiding that, right? So next year, as we look in at our store rollout plan, it's going to be what I would call a more normalized kind of rent structure, so more of our -- the historical vanilla power center kind of location. So again, we'll get the benefit of cycling some headwinds in fixed store cost this year. And then finally, cost optimization. Again, you've heard Mary and I talk about this over the last year or so. There's a more formal plan being put in place for 2018. That's going to go live with boots on the ground. We believe there's plenty of opportunity to leverage our scale and to reduce inefficiencies that built up over the years naturally as we've been primarily focused on growth. So we think there's a great opportunity there as well. So we just want our investor base to understand that there are specific actions being taken to help us drive operating margin leverage in 2018 and beyond, and we'll share more details on all that when we talk with you on our fourth quarter call. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, another question on everyone's minds, right? It seems -- it may be a little premature to speculate on what we would do with that. But I would tell you that it'd be subject to very comprehensive discussion with our board about how to best deploy any potential cash tax savings here in the future. I mean, there's lots of things that we have on our road map that potentially we'd like to accelerate to drive the core business. There's things, other growth levers like international, things that we've been thinking about that perhaps we could get a little quicker start on and then, of course, capital structure overall, just making sure we optimize that for the long term. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, well, first of all, I would say that one of the great things about the Ulta Beauty business model is that we participate -- the All Things Beauty, All in One Place line is real, so we participate across all the major beauty categories which gives us a lot of ability to drive growth and share gains and flex with category cycles. So I would say, first of all, we take a really macro kind of long-term view in the sense there's many categories within the big beauty category and there are cycles that happen. One thing I'll just say is that -- I'll come back to skincare in a minute, but guests are just as engaged as ever in makeup. And so if you just look at what's happening on YouTube or Instagram, or our own followers across channels, if you look at the trends that we see in demographics, the beauty enthusiasts segment of the future, millennials, Latinas, teens, all over index particularly in makeup. So we feel confident that the involvement and engagement in makeup, the somewhat softer current performance is fairly -- it's not a long-term trend. It's about innovation, lapping over some really big kinds of innovation platforms in the last couple of years. So makeup is great. We also saw not only strong growth but really strong share gains continue for us in makeup. So that's good. Now as you said, what's kind of cool is that we've seen some acceleration in some other categories. So in particular, fragrance and skincare both accelerated in terms of growth and our share gain, and we think that has a long-term life to it as well. Skincare has really been driven by a lot of innovation, and Dave can add more color to this. But some interesting innovation, what I'd call faster, funner ways to do skincare like masks or more interesting efficacious ingredients from Korea. And so that's interesting. And we think that's going to -- it has no reason to continue to not be strong across both prestige and mass. And we see a lot of innovation coming down the pike, I'd say across all categories for us as we look out into fourth quarter and 2018. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I would say, first of all, we love the fact that our e-commerce growth is picking up. And as Scott said I think very well, we're agnostic about it from a bottom-line profit perspective, but we're actually really positive about it as it relates to customer engagement. So the folks that are like 9% of our loyalty members that are omni-channel, multichannel right now, by far our best guests in terms of spending, almost 3x the amount of somebody who's only shopping in-store but she's also shopping even more in-store than before. So we talked about this a lot. It's not a shift, it's not a channel shift, it's actually an expansion of us getting more per share of wallet. So that's all great. Now of course, we're always thinking about our physical footprint and buildout, and that's something that we're very rigorous and disciplined about. We have no reason to change that target right now. There's a range for a reason because it's a range. I don't think there's any one point in time. But to me, the best thing is that, every year, our store fleet continues to perform better than the year before. So 2017 store fleet is ahead of budget and our IRR target, and we continue to see it strengthen. So I guess the best way to think about it is we actually know that when we build stores, the e-commerce business also grows with it so they actually are complementary, not stealing from each other. And so we have no reason to think that dynamic will change. And we, of course, are very disciplined about our real estate decisions. But we would keep that targeted range that it's in right now. 
Mary Dillon: And I'll just add, too, that we're also actively participating with -- there's a lot of social media influencer brands that are hot. And so we talked about this a little bit but Morphe, Dose of Colors, Lime Crime, these are bands that were born more through social media. But also many of these brands also understand that the benefit of sort of merging the digital and physical is important for their guests and for our guests as well. And so we're seeing some nice growth with those brands, too. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Adrienne. So I'll start with your first question. I guess stepping back, this is really -- I mean, we really are playing the long game here and believe that Ulta Beauty has the most relevant proposition for the beauty enthusiasts now and into the future. And for us, it's really about long term, driving more guests, gaining more beauty enthusiasts into our loyalty program and also capturing more per share of wallet. So each quarter is a little bit different. But we're looking to drive not just long-term share gains but really long-term engagement with our loyalty platform. And so this quarter was an example of -- we did not want to miss the opportunity to continue to -- on the momentum. We gained 1.8 million new loyalty members this quarter. So I consider that a long-term play not just a short-term price promotion play. Now we need it to drive some traffic because there was some disruption with the hurricanes and some softness in the category. But for us, that's kind of how we think about it strategically, long term, it's how do we continue on the momentum that we have to drive and get an even bigger loyalty program, which really is the -- I guess the flywheel to drive our business for the long term. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you. I just like to think our 36,000 associates for their incredible commitment to serving our guests and delivering operational excellence. It's a very busy time of the year. And we thank you all for your interest in Ulta Beauty and look forward to speaking with all of you soon. 
David Kimbell: Yes. No, we were -- yes, we're excited about it. I mean, we're, of course, always looking to continue to innovate in every category that we have. And makeup is no exception, particularly given the importance in some of the things that we've seen this year. So on both sides of the house, in prestige and in mass, we've got quite a wide variety of newness coming in. And I'd classify that in kind of 3 ways that does apply to both mass and prestige. One is continued innovation from some of our biggest brands, brands that have been successful this year, like Tarte and Too Faced brands, that have been important drivers for us in the past, like NYX and Urban and IT Cosmetics will continue to have strong pipelines that we're excited about, and we're partnering with them to leverage our loyalty program and all the other assets we have to make them as big as possible. So we feel very positive by what we're seeing as we look out through 2018. We'll also see expansion into more stores of existing brands, brands like MAC. Mary mentioned e.l.f. A number of brands that are in limited doors today will continue to roll out through 2018. And there are a number of new brands that we'll be launching in 2018 as well. Mary talked about a reset in mass. And while we're not announcing all of the specifics yet, we see that as a growth driver of our business, an important element of our business to bring new guests in and allow them to ultimately shop the entire store. So we've got some exciting new brands coming in, in both sides of the store as well. So it will be a well-rounded set of innovation in makeup and the same applies in haircare, skincare and across the whole store. So we're optimistic and positive about what we're seeing. 
David Kimbell: Yes, as far as holiday, I mean I think Scott said earlier, of course, the holiday is always a very promotional period, it has been in the past, and we don't expect that to change this year. It's -- we're only about a week into the heaviest part of the holiday period, so it's hard to say exactly what -- how it will shake out for the rest of the period. But so far, we've only seen perhaps maybe modest changes to promotional strategy or intensity, and we'll be watching carefully. Our plan is to continue to do all the things Mary had said, continue to drive promotion where it's necessary as we have planned through the rest of the holiday period, but deal with great products, our loyalty program, advertising, marketing, in-store experience, all those things to drive through the rest of this holiday period. 
David Kimbell: Yes, yes. So our ULTA Beauty Collection is a key part of our overall strategy. It's a part of our business that we're very proud of and have invested in pretty, pretty aggressively over the last year or so. We've revamped our packaging, the formulations, how we market it, how we communicate it, we're actually gearing up for even a larger presence of that in early 2018. So we're very overall pleased with its result. It has a strong presence in makeup, of course, but also in skin, bath and then holiday -- the holiday season is a big time for our ULTA Beauty Collection with an expanded assortment that is designed just for the holidays. So we're continuing to invest in all those things and drive that business and, as I said, have positive and optimistic plans in 2018 to make that an even bigger part of our business. Having said that, it's still relatively small in the total store. So it's not going to be the major part of our assortment, but it's one that can add a nice, obviously exclusive, higher margin business and one that we're going to continue to invest in and drive into the future. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We, I guess, hadn't -- we don't historically talk about any individual brand performance. So -- but I'd say overall, again, we're proud and pleased with the history of that brand and optimistic about where it's going into the future. 
