Mary Dillon: This is Mary. Let me just say a couple of things. One is that we -- I guess, I would say that there's probably a tale of 2 customers that we see overall in our business. There's folks that are feeling probably pretty upbeat about their earnings and about the overall economic environment, tending to buy prestige. We saw on our ticket -- a pretty strong uptick in ticket. So there are folks certainly that are less promotional and buying our higher-margin prestige items. There's other folks, I would say, kind of the other part of our consumer base that are going to be more sensitive to promotions, more sensitive to the economic environment and probably more attracted to promotion. So those folks were, as we ramped up our promotional cadence, we think that was the right thing to do for that customer. So overall, for the quarter, we saw an improvement in traffic but still, most of our results in our comps was driven by ticket. So as I look at that overall, and that's just part of our test and learn, is we want to continue to dissect further what are the best drivers of incremental profitable growth as we use promotions, more or less, to drive results in any given period. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Right now, I think we don't have any reason to think that '14 will be different than '13. So that -- we're assuming something pretty similar to that. In terms of the transaction versus ticket, so again, I would say, really pleased that we saw a sequential improvement in transactions in the fourth quarter. We were up about a point -- 1.2 in transaction and 8 in ticket for the total comp of 9.2. Transactions in the retail store were slightly down in stores, and they were offset by growth in salon and e-commerce. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I'll say a couple of things. One is that we continue to learn from everything that we do and so finding -- as we think about even promotion on our holiday for next year, we'll step back and look at what worked well and what didn't work as well and we'll continue to refine our strategies for that. Understanding the shift in consumer shopping patterns to online, you see how that plays out in a holiday period, thinking about how they look at Ulta in terms of gift-giving versus buying for herself. Those are all things that we're considering as we think about how to continue to refine. But we certainly know that, that's the core [ph] that we're going to continue to be aggressive to grow our market share. And so I would expect it to continue to be a promotional time. The other thing I would say though is that one of the test-and-learn things that we're working -- we're going to do right away is we're going to do a deeper analytic work to quantify overall, setting aside holiday, just the incremental sales and profit impacts of all of our promotional initiatives, which will help us to get even more efficient and effective with that area of spending. So that's going to be an important area for us as we look to the future and how we balance non-promotional traffic and volume with promotional. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'll start with the -- I'm not going to cite specific numbers. But certainly, we understand where we are, both in terms of aided and unaided awareness, and I consider this to be a great opportunity for us. We're not as high as we can be. And both in terms of awareness of Ulta, and I would say understanding the equity -- the brand equity of Ulta, what is it that we represent? What's the experience about? So both of those are areas that we know there's plenty of room to drive awareness at both of the store, what we offer in the store, the fact that we have the salon and services. All of that is going to be key areas for us as we test and learn this year. Because you -- to drive awareness, so consumers are bombarded with lots of messages all the time, right? So we have to be very purposeful in what and how we try to drive awareness and new guests to Ulta. Fortunately, there's plenty of ways to do that and one of the ways that we're going to be testing and learning is around more sophisticated customer-acquisition efforts, for example, as well as more traditional tactics. So there's, I think, some good opportunity there for us. 
Mary Dillon: Well, we certainly weren't immune to the weather. I think we had about 400 store closure days. Fortunately, a lot of our transactions are replenishments and items that perhaps our guest, if she can't buy that day, will come back and buy another day. So we didn't feel that -- could we have done somewhat better? Perhaps. But overall, we didn't see weather as a big -- having a big impact on our performance. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Thank you, Gary. It's actually one of the, I think, most exciting parts of our story is that our guests, they love to come and find new things at Ulta. And Janet and her team have done a great job with that, so I'm going to ask Janet to take that question. 
Mary Dillon: Right, absolutely. Matt, thank you. Well, first of all, as I mentioned, 2 changes, our folks who are in the room here with us today. So Janet Taake, being promoted to Chief Merchandising Officer; and then the addition of Dave Kimbell as the Chief Marketing Officer. Yes. And right now, we -- found -- and Steve Junk is our Interim Chief Information Officer. Steve's been at Ulta for many years and has great deep experience. Our CIO went to another company and fortunately, Steve is able to step in and play that role for us and he's doing a fantastic job. And over time, we'll probably look to have somebody in that role for a long term. But right now, Steve is running the ship for us and doing a great job. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Right now, I mean, the services part of our business is not that big. But we consider it a really great strategic asset in that for the long term, having a place to go to get a great haircut and color, skin services, with all the different kind of services we can imagine adding, will be something that really differentiates us. And as well, our salon guest is our best guest. She comes frequently and she purchases more than just the services. So that's a great part of our business. As we're looking at our strategic planning work, we'll consider options around how we think about that going forward. With the Ulta brand as well, we've got a really nice brand of products, a very large brand of color and skincare and sun care. And we've relaunched many of those with new packaging. We're going to be merchandising them even more effectively in 2014, and that's a -- we think that's a good basis off of which to grow as well. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I will just state that really -- the change in our view from December is really centered around our belief that we have the opportunity to leverage off our position of strength right now, and invest in initiatives that we think are important to drive the future -- best way to drive future long-term and profitable growth. So that is all incremental and it's around the different areas that we described, which is brand awareness, getting more new guests, improving the guest experience, as well as making sure that we resource our company with the talent and skills that we need to drive that long-term success. 
Mary Dillon: I know -- I mean, what we said is that we would be around high teens similar to 2013, and we're guiding to mid-teens right now so... 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Dan, we were trying to not give a single point estimate for the guidance but say that the next year was going to be very similar and not try to give a very detailed guidance but in that range. So you're right, if it was exactly the same, it would be there. But with more of a range in mid-teens, that 3 points is really the difference between our view then and today. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. And I will just add that back to the test and learn theme here, for the longer haul, we know we can and will focus on how can we drive demand for Ulta in a way that's even more profitable over time, right? So it's -- whether it's about new guests who discover us, more footsteps in the store, more targeted promotions, more of a balance on spending that drives awareness in new guests versus price discounts, those are the kind of things that -- it's all part of the business and then that's also part of what we're going to investigate, test and assess as we go forward to say, "How can we continue to get even more efficient in terms of how we create demand across the business?" 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Those are all great questions. Certainly, the -- our view on the supply chain investment over time is to do several things for us. We build the infrastructure that we need for growth, capabilities to meet guest expectations across channel, optimize our end-to-end efficiencies. Certainly, a piece of that is stronger allocation, forecasting and replenishment capabilities. So all of those are areas that we know and plan -- and have a plan for in terms of how we continue to improve. Our in-stock position, we feel, is good. We look at that obviously every day, every week. There's some transitions happening as we to start the year in terms of some planograms, new brands in, et cetera, and that creates a little bit of some transition. But overall, we were very pleased with our in-stock rate this year. Our supply chain team worked really hard against some pretty tough weather situations as we ended the year, and we came out feeling very good about our position. 
Mary Dillon: Oh, yes. That's a great question. We're in the early stages of nailing that down and that is something that we'll obviously be working on as we finish our plans to open up the 2 small stores this year, small format. There's the overall idea here. I mean, there's certainly been some thinking on it already but it's to bring an Ulta experience to our guest in a smaller way, in a smaller-format way. So obviously, that's going to take some curating of the number of SKUs that we offer. But we expect that it will continue to be the kind of experience where she has everything from prestige to mass brands, that she has the salon that she can use. So all of that will be in the experience set and it's a matter of how do we curate from there. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I would say items that are typically gift-giving that we would see -- were softer in terms of the category. So fragrance, personal care, appliances, et cetera. That was, I think, a broader industry trend, not just an Ulta trend. 
Mary Dillon: I'm really pleased with our management team. I think we're gelling really nicely and right now, we're -- I think we're in a good place. We may -- we -- businesses always change and evolve, so you never say never but we're good. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you. In closing, I'd like to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates who worked very hard to drive excellent top line growth and deliver solid earnings growth in 2014 despite a very volatile consumer environment. We opened 125 stores, dramatically improved our e-commerce business and continued to enhance our merchandise assortment, loyalty program and marketing capabilities, all while laying the groundwork for continued strong performance. Thank you, all, for your interest in Ulta Beauty, and I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. 
Scott Settersten: The guidance that we were providing, the 5% comp guidance includes, as it always has in the past, everything we know right up to the last minute. 
Scott Settersten: 5% to 7%, excuse me, which includes the current consumer environment and what's going on in the category. To the part of the question about e-commerce, funny enough, when we saw some of the toughest weather days in January, we didn't really see a huge spike in the e-commerce business, which kind of flew in the face of common sense from our vantage point. So it just seems like we have a good momentum there. We've made a lot of progress in our ability to merchandise that and expand the assortment online. We made good progress on expanding our margin rate there as well. So we're very happy with the over-performance of that business. 
Scott Settersten: And Ike, I would say, in the near term, we don't see any drastic sea changes as far as the makeup of the comp is concerned. So in the near term, we still expect ticket to be the primary driver of the comp. Although some of the initiatives -- the growth initiatives that we talked to, we're going to be focused on ways of trying to drive increased traffic, through either brand awareness activities or other things that we can do within the store. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I guess, I can reference to give you a little color on the fourth quarter. So with gross profit rate was down 40 basis points. And as we've talked about it on our third quarter call, we're always ready to invest a bit of margin rate to protect our market share gains, and we did that. We had to do it in the fourth quarter. We -- also how it shook out. I would say that the 40 basis points, just to give you a little more specificity on that, it wasn't -- part of it was due to mix in the business overall. So as e-commerce continues to grow at an accelerated pace and becomes a larger part of our overall growth profile. While we've been very successful increasing the margin rate in that business, as you look at it individually year-over-year, it does put a bit of a bite on overall margin rate because it does contribute at a somewhat lower rate than our bricks and mortar. 
Scott Settersten: We would expect that phenomena to continue a bit. Although we will continue to focus on merchandising there and other marketing tactics in e-commerce to help drive a better margin rate in 2014. That's part of our plan. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We talked about this a number of times before, explaining to people some of the hard lessons we learned on the first time around, Matt, that I'm sure we've had these conversations with you as well. So the team, we were just better prepared. We had a better communication strategy to our customer. We kind of transitioned them out of the old certificate program into the points program in a more seamless manner so it was clear to them, and it was communicated as a big step-up with an improvement in the loyalty program overall. So we're very happy. The team did a great job getting us through that in a very transparent way. And just to be clear on the margin rate, we talk about loyalty. And it is a bit of a headwind on our margin rate for next year as we -- again, we discussed this in the past. But in the long term, it drives incremental comp sales and incremental gross profit margin dollars. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Let me take that one. The $0.03 that you referred to in 2013, the way we described it to folks is that was kind of a down payment on a longer-term supply chain project that we have that we talked to with investors quite a bit in 2013. So that was consulting work to help us kind of blueprint what the future supply chain would look like. Now we're shifting in to actually constructing the supply chain, and we're looking at a new -- a fourth building coming online in the middle of 2015. So now, we're moving to more of a [indiscernible] kind of phase of the project as we find a location, put up a building and get it staffed up and pre-opened and ready to go in 2015. So that'll be the first step. On a longer range, supply chain re-formulation, let's call it, we're going to look and make some significant improvements in the way we do business. We expect that to drive significant efficiencies across the supply chain over the long term. But it's going to be a multiyear project, and it's going to include going back and looking at some of our existing facilities and perhaps doing some retrofit work there so... 
Scott Settersten: It ended up being at roughly $0.13. Again, the pacing during the quarter has changed a little bit throughout the year as we've kind of toggled back and forth with some of these things. And you recall, we talked about supply chain. The $0.03 that was related to supply chain we slowed down a little bit during the course of the year. So quarter-to-quarter, it changed a bit. 
Scott Settersten: No. It's evenly distributed throughout the year. So the way the margin rate headwind comes into being is way they earn the points and the way they redeem points. So it's kind of evenly spread throughout the course of the year. And then by the time we cycle through a full year cycle is where we expect it to be kind of back at a breakeven from a pure dollars standpoint. So at that point, is where the comp increases start to materialize and we start seeing better gross margin dollars. 
Scott Settersten: No. We actually were more promotional in the fourth quarter than we had originally expected earlier in the year and a bit more than we were expecting even at -- when we gave guidance for the fourth quarter. So with the tough holiday, we invested where we thought it was appropriate. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Jason, I would say directionally, if we look in the first quarter this year, we'd expect to see some merchandise margin expansion. So the whole notion of us trying to do a better job with zeroing in on offers with customers and trying to toggle back and forth there and try to pull back a bit on the discounts to drive the business, we're still on that path. We believe in that. Last year, we saw good response to that at the early part of the year. We -- when we saw a bit of rough waters, we reacted to that in the fourth quarter. So that's still part of our plan, and we still expect to see some merchandise margin expansion in 2014. 
Scott Settersten: I wouldn't go quite that far. I'll finish my thought here. We're going to see merchandise margin expansion. That's going to be offset by fixed store cost deleverage, especially the first half of 2014. We've got 125 new stores coming in -- into the maturity curve here and it's still very early days for those stores, so it puts pressure on us most noticeably in the first half of the year. When we look out longer term, it's not really a story of SG&A leverage. I mean, we expect that to be part of operating margin expansion over the long term. But we -- the key drivers are really prestige mix of the business. Again, it's a richer part. We expect that to add, albeit probably not at the same rate we've seen over the last couple of years. We expect e-commerce, again, better merchandising there. And marketing tactics, we expect that to improve rate -- operating rate here in the future and supply chain investments. We're making a lot of significant investments there now. They're creating some headwinds for us over the near term. But over the long term, they're going to create a lot of efficiencies for us across the chain. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I think we provided the store count by quarter, right? For the full year, I think you guys can probably do the math on what the average is and... 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the repurchase activity is concerned, management and the board continue to review best uses of excess cash and returning value to shareholders. We will continue to buy back shares opportunistically, and we will be maintaining our investment discipline and returns on that kind of thing. We'll be framing up our long-term capital allocation and shareholder return methodology. That's part and parcel of our strategy work that we're in right now and that -- you can expect that we'll be sharing details with you on that in the fall when we communicate the entire strategy. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, we would. Jill, we would expect it to 2014 as we continue on the trend that we see here at the end of the year. We expect our comp -- our inventory per door to be well below comp store growth. We believe we've got good processes, systems and people in place to maintain the discipline there. I mean, in -- during 2013, we were kind of lapping some unusual items with some inventory investments that we saw that caused some variability early in the year, but we believe now we're back on track where we want to be. 
Scott Settersten: Dana, as far as the new store productivity is concerned, we continue to be very pleased with productivity in new stores and the investment returns that it's generating for our shareholders. If you adjust the comp, the 9.2 comp for e-commerce and super storm Sandy measurement, the calendar shift, the stores are generally in the same vicinity as they were back in the third quarter and the way they were for most of 2013. So the new store model is intact. New stores are comping just the way we expect in years 1 through 5. And some of the older stores, of course, are in the healthy low single-digit range. So kind of where we expect them to be and frankly, with the environment that we're in right now, we're fairly happy with that performance. We think we can do better on that. That's a focus in 2014 for us to try to figure out how to better drive comps in some of our more mature stores. 
Janet Taake: Gary, just quickly, some of the things that we launched last year, we launched Perricone around Mother's Day last year, which was a nice add to our skincare portfolio. We added Meaningful Beauty in the third quarter last year, another skincare brand. And color, we launched it in about 50% of our doors last fall. And as Mary mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're taking it to all doors in this quarter. We put Mally in a handful of doors, but we had Lipstick Queen. We had many -- there were several different brands throughout the entire store. We also launched Jane in the mass arena. So we added brands across all of the businesses, including professional haircare. We talk a lot about prestige, but we really added brands across all categories. So those are some of the highlights. 
Janet Taake: I'll take the first question on Clinique and Lancôme. Just a reminder, we opened over 80 boutiques last year between Clinique and Lancôme. So from a sales perspective, we will get benefit. But those stores are still ramping in the stores that we opened them in and basically, we wouldn't break out specific information beyond that. What I would say is we're very pleased with the performance in all the boutiques that we have between Clinique and Lancôme, and we are hopeful that we will be expanding both those brands in the future. But today, I have nothing to really announce or share with you at this time. 
Janet Taake: As far as new brands, as Mary mentioned, IT is rolling to all doors and Mally to all doors. And beyond that, I would really refrain from mentioning any new brands coming in. But we're always working on new brands, new products, exclusive products for our guests to surprise and delight her. So there will be more coming down the pipeline. 
Jason Gere: Maybe I'll dovetail off of that last question. So I know you're not giving specific guidance about the gross margin SG&A but I just kind of want to talk a little bit about this past year, gross margin a little bit more promotional. It was flat year-over-year. The year before, you had strong gross margin. So as we think about the -- I guess, the cost of doing business, do you think that the levels that we're seeing now will kind of stay intact? And then as we think about operating margin expansion over time, which I know you'll talk about in the fall, is this really going to be relying on the SG&A leverage, especially as, I guess, we kind of anniversary some of these higher investments that you need to make over this year and I don't know if, potentially, next year as well? So I'm just wondering if you can just maybe kind of maybe guide a little bit on that. 
Jason Gere: So we should see gross margin then somewhere between '12 and -- what you achieved in '12 and '13. I mean, obviously, not putting an exact number to it but there will be gross margin expansion this year. 
Jason Gere: That's what I thought. Okay. And then the last question is housekeeping. Just with fewer stores open this year, how should we think about the preopening expense for this year? Is there -- can you guide at least on that for the full year? I know you gave for the quarter, but just wondering if... 
