Mary Dillon: Okay. Thank you, Rupesh, and I'm going to tag team this with Dave, since he's so -- that much closer to all the exciting things coming. I'll tell you, first of all, I would just say, this quarter, I think, is a good example of the strength of our business model, our team and our business model, where we were able to deliver the kind of results that we just described despite the fact that there was a lull in a few key brands within prestige cosmetics, which is a very significant category, and a lot of strength across all the other categories that we participate in. So prestige cosmetics is obviously very important to us, driving a large percentage of our business, so we're very focused on it. So I'll ask Dave to just add some more thoughts on the rest of the year. 
Mary Dillon: Matt, I'll just say, you're right that an example of like Morphe doesn't have a boutique associated with it. But we don't break out the margin of any specific brand. And really, it's kind of a mixture. I mean, some -- I think, in general, prestige products tend to have somewhat of a higher margin. There's plenty of exceptions to that as well as some -- we feel like we are very focused on the profitability of the total box when we think about brands that we bring in across every category. So there's going to be a mixture of profitability, but all we think adding to the profitability of the business. So can't give more color than that. But the great thing is that participating, as Dave said, across so many aspects of the beauty industry with innovation and newness and exclusivity is really driving great growth for us as well. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I would say, I mean, we certainly see some wage pressures like everybody does on the coast and larger urban areas, and we would expect it to be sort of a modest headwind going forward. So we're competitive. We've taken some of the investments around -- from the tax reform to make our benefits and wages a little bit more competitive. But we look at this very closely. We look out, we factor it into our business model and expect that to play out as planned. 
Mary Dillon: Joe, it's Mary. I'll give a start here, which is that, I guess, first of all, I'd say, as you said, we're guiding 6% to 7% in the quarter. We try to take a prudent view of sales. And we have some visibility into the quarter because we're in it. So we just try to really be prudent about what we expect and guide the best we can. We continue to see, of course, the strength that we just described in the first quarter in mass and prestige skin, prestige boutique brands, fragrance, excited by the pipeline of newness. But that is still somewhat offset by the persistent challenges in prestige cosmetics. So I feel -- my stance is let's wait until we see inflection in prestige in some key brands before we start to get more aggressive. You're right that we also have easier compares in the second half, but we'll get more aggressive if we think that's appropriate. 
Mary Dillon: Oliver, all that sounds like a very good idea. I agree. I mean, really, we're quite pleased with the Ultamate Rewards program on many levels, right? The size, the scope, the growth, the engagement that our guests have, how much is driving our sales, right? And I feel very good about our team's ability to leverage insights and data to get that much more personalized and relevant. And that's kind of what it's all about. Having said that, we absolutely understand that there's more to be done as it relates to AI capabilities that we're building and investing in and going to continue to, to make sure that we are as advanced as we can be in terms of being as relevant, personalized. It's all about how do you drive demand in a way that's as efficient as possible and personalization is what that's all about. In terms of categories, I guess we always like to kind of see where the customer will take us. So you mentioned cosmetics, skincare, hair. I mean, the core categories that we're in today, I believe, we'll always be in, right? The beauty of our model, this All Things Beauty, we are in the categories that guests care about. And even categories that are, I guess, smaller like sun care and bath are examples of categories we're driving innovation and profitability and share growth. So generally, I'd say the mix of sort of mass and prestige, if you want to say that, and I think that continues to evolve in terms of the way that guests look at it, the general mix is probably right and somewhat going to be the same. But the products, the brands and innovation, exclusives underneath that will continue to evolve. So that's how we would envision the model for many years to come. 
Mary Dillon: Right. Oliver, I consider that the second or third question. Yes, Ulta Beauty Collection, really proud about that, and you're absolutely right. We continue to elevate everything about that brand, and we like how it's performing. Can we buy a brand? Sure. I mean, we could. We haven't. And I think for us right now, the focus is around partnering with innovators, companies large and small that want to work with us to drive distribution of their brands. So for now, that's our focus. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I would say broadly speaking, you're absolutely right, that the beauty category is a pretty competitive one, right? So in some ways, we compete with a lot of players. In other ways, we really -- nobody does what we do. We call this All Things Beauty, All in One Place, our model. It's differentiated. It's distinct because of the variety of categories and price points. The fact that there is services at our store, right, so brows, skincare, makeup services and really robust e-commerce platform all supported by our loyalty program. And I think increasingly sophisticated use of data and use of social media and digital, our marketing campaigns have really continued to evolve in that way as well. So I guess we feel that we've got -- we're not perfect, and we're not complacent, but a relevant model. And the reason we think it's really relevant and it has lots of relevancy for the future is we're focused on the segment of shopper that we call the beauty enthusiast. And that shopper is a large and growing segment of beauty, and she's really focused on exactly what we offer, which is a lot of newness and excitement and experiences, and likes to shop in the way that we serve up the shopping experience. And that segment of shoppers is growing as we look at future demographics in growth around millennials, teenagers, Hispanics, so fast-growing segments of the population in the U.S. over indexed as beauty enthusiasts. And so we believe that our model is actually more relevant than ever for them, and our job is to really continue to innovate, think about what the shopping experience needs to look like 10 years from now versus today, right, because that's going to continue to evolve. And we feel really good about that. Full stop. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I'll just say the New York City store, we're really pleased with it. I'm thrilled that we have a store there. It's performing nicely. Lots of foot traffic in that store any time of the day or night that you go in there. So we think it was a really smart move for us. The skincare, I'm going to ask Dave to take it. I was referencing in my prepared remarks a skin express bar that we're putting into a small number of stores next year, and that's in those instances where the extra space will free up. 
Mary Dillon: I would say really no impact from weather and minimal impact on calendar shift. And the cadence was, as you saw, we had a balanced ticket traffic or transaction in tickets result for the quarter. We certainly see some increased movement around things like 21 Days Of Beauty and other events like that. So -- but pretty balanced, I guess I'd say throughout the quarter and consistent coming into this quarter as well. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you. And I just want to close by thanking our 37,000 associates. They've delivered a strong quarter, and the 2018 start is off very strongly. I have full confidence in our team's ability to execute our strategies and drive profitable growth in 2018 and beyond, and I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thank you. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We were confident about the rest of the year. We really look comprehensively across our portfolio to make sure that we're pushing on all angles. I think there's -- it starts with our biggest brands and some of them have been struggling. Mary mentioned a few that have been really working quite well. Tarte, Anastasia, being a couple of those, and we expect those to continue with great newness. But other brands, as we look at their newness over the rest of the year, we're confident and excited about some of the products they're bringing, including some exclusive lines that you'll only find at Ulta, and we'll be sharing more details about those as we get later into the year. We'll also be expanding door count on key prestige brands that Mary talked about. Our boutique brands, MAC, Lancôme, Clinique, but also NARS, Estée Lauder and a small increase in the number of doors of Chanel as well. So we'll see that contributing. Exclusive brands do play an important role for us, and we're excited about the amount of exclusivity that we'll see over the rest of the year. We've had big success with a few brands that we've already talked to you about like Tarte Double Duty Beauty, innovation within that portfolio already this year has had an impact. We expect that to continue throughout the rest of the year. And Mary mentioned a new line that we're launching later this quarter, Flesh, that is exclusive to Ulta. And then finally, I'd say the -- as we look across the prestige landscape, there's definitely changing dynamics as some of the big brands face new competitors from smaller independent brands, and we're having a lot of success with those and rolling those out across our portfolio. We see Dose of Colors being one brand that started small, and we're rapidly expanding that. Brands like Storybook, Beauty by POPSUGAR, Dominique Cosmetics, which is online-only right now, then also brand like Morphe, which kind of spans in between kind of mass and prestige from a pricing and engagement standpoint. So we're taking a holistic push across all aspects of the portfolio and are optimistic about the collective impact of those changes throughout the rest of the year. 
David Kimbell: Yes. One, we take our relationships very seriously. We're proud of the partnerships that we've built over years, and I would call them very healthy and I think strengthening every day as our business continues to grow and we provide, I think, a great opportunity for brands to reach new consumers and to grow their business. So that's something that we work very hard on. You mentioned data and insights. And that's something that we're -- we feel like we're getting even better at providing and developing insights that both help our brand partners understand the dynamics of consumers within our environment but also help us identify growth opportunities, whitespace and new areas to evolve our assortment to make sure we're meeting the evolving needs of our guests. So insights, data understanding, is something that we're working hard on. And while we feel like we've accomplished a lot, there's a lot more we think we can do in there. As far as access to exclusivity, we've had quite a bit of that. It's an important part. It's not the only part. We have a lot of success with brands that are sold at some of our competitors. But exclusivity is important, one, because it does drive growth for us but our customers, importantly, our customers expect that from us. They get excited about it, and that's a real motivating reason for them to come in and discover what's new and only at Ulta. So we've had quite a few of those over the last few years. I mentioned a few just in my comments a few minutes ago, and I would anticipate us getting more of those over time as our environment evolves, our customer count grows and our contribution to brand growth continues to be strong. And so we see plenty more of that coming. 
David Kimbell: Yes, we see -- we do think that that's going to continue to grow. Mary talked about just the distribution expansion. And yes, when we sell a gift card, we see her come pretty quickly within the next couple of months typically. And the great aspect of our gift card business is not only the redemption of the card value itself, but typically, we see her spend more than that in our stores. So not only do those sales today translate -- the gift card sales today translate into future sales, it tends to get her more engaged. And in many cases, it's introducing a new customer to Ulta Beauty, dependent on where that gift go. So a lot of positivity on that. We are really pleased with the performance. We expanded that quite a bit going into holiday and saw strong results coming out of holiday gift period. But we're seeing that continue and sustain and anticipate that being a positive driver of our top line sales throughout the balance of this year. 
David Kimbell: That's right. And that space comes from just a new layout of the skin bar that does free up more space for product. So your question what is it replacing? It's really just -- we're still offering skin services, but it's a more efficient use of that space and actually, we believe in the elevated experience in our store that we're really excited about. And as Mary said, it's in a limited number of doors today, but we're encouraged by the results of the skin bar. So then that extra space allows us to continue to expand our prestige skincare business. We've added a number of brands over the last few years, some big brands like Origins, Shiseido, proactiv. But also earlier this year, we launched several new smaller brands, Little Barn, Mamonde, [ Great Brays ], [ Cupari ] as well as a skincare -- men skincare brand, House 99 by David Beckham, and all of those are off to a great start. So a mix of both big established brands and new brands to fill that space. And there is -- and we're encouraged and positive about the results so far. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We're certainly watching that closely. We do have a trade area overlap with quite a few of their -- the stores that are closing. So we anticipate some opportunity there, and we're actually exploring different ways to reach that consumer that may be looking for a new beauty destination. And so we do see some opportunity. What we've noticed in other department store closings is yes, there is some opportunity there. But we're not anticipating an immediate flood of new customers. In some cases, store closings actually changed the dynamics of traffic, and so we'll adjust to that. But we're reaching out aggressively in those markets to make sure that we're seen as the best alternative. And in some cases, in some markets, we're really the only alternative for many of these brands. So yes, we do see opportunity. We would say that any upside there would be reflected in our guidance going forward, and we're looking to capture any upside in those markets going forward. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. Well, maybe we'll just kind of step back and look at the bigger picture here. So again, there's a lot of things kind of flexing back and forth between the gross profit line and SG&A with the revenue recognition piece there. If I think about operating margin in totality for the year, I mean, we guided 50 to 70 basis points down, and we feel like we're right on target with what we expect for the full year. So Q1, the net 70 basis points down versus last year I think was a little better than we expected. Again, we had slightly stronger sales trends than we planned, and then we had some of the planned expenses that we pointed to in our remarks that got pushed back further in the year. So again, a slightly better result there than we expected. As we look out to the rest of the year, I would say you could probably plan for slightly higher deleverage point in the second quarter, not feeling quite as bullish with the sales in the second quarter, I think. 21 Days Of Beauty is our signature event. It was fantastic overall. So again, we don't have another one of those in the second quarter. Although we expect the events to perform as well as we look ahead, we're going to have the Fresno DC continue to ramp up here in the second quarter, so you're going to see a full expense load there. But we don't actually turn it on, so to speak, until August, which falls into the third quarter. So that will be a headwind as well. And then we'll see more of these tax savings ramp up the spend of those in the second quarter as the teams become more mobilized. So I'd say the second quarter is probably the toughest for us. And then as we look at the back half of the year, I would think the deleverage starts to moderate so it gets us back into that 50 to 70 basis points range for the full year. Dave spoke to the prestige, newness coming in the back half of the year that we're confident we'll hit well. Fresno impact will moderate as it starts servicing stores, and then of course, in the fourth quarter, we should get some sales leverage on those expenses as well. So there's always going to be a mix of things on the gross profit line in and out, quarter-to-quarter, we pointed to the clearance event that we ran opportunistically at the end of the first quarter. That was something that we just looked at, and we said we're better off in the long term to try to move through some of this inventory in a disciplined manner. So that would be my answer. 
Scott Settersten: Well, I guess we could start with the supply chain question. So again, I think we've shared with you historically that there's a multiyear road map that's been built very sophisticated by our supply chain team. And so it's a multiple-pronged driven program, Phoenix being a recent outcome of some of that planning. Fresno helps us get a lot closer to our end customers in the California market, which is a very important market for us. I mean, we expect that business to continue to grow at a high rate for the foreseeable future. So that's a key element of what we're planning. There's still a number of, what I'd call, older legacy facilities that we're running. So we're running 2 different IT platforms to execute in those buildings. So that's all part and parcel of what we're thinking about the long term and how we optimize the footprint and the network and all that goes with that over the long term. So we're nowhere near close to being finished with the plan, I guess, I would say on that. And then as far as the e-commerce contribution to the business overall and closing the gap there, profitability, again, I wanted -- this is a good place to remind folks, right, that we've talked about this, consistently talked about the geography challenge that we have with our e-commerce business. It is a headwind. Yes, we know that. We've communicated it clearly. Gross profit rate does get impacted with e-commerce business in a negative way, but we make up a lot of that on the SG&A line by leveraging some significant investments in technology and people that we've made over the last few years. So on a net basis, it's not that big of a gap between a retail sale and an e-commerce sale. And I remind folks that those e-commerce sales are largely incremental sales and margin dollars, right? So it's a good thing for our business. And we -- by building Fresno for example, getting closer to the end customer, helps transportation cost, helps the model overall. So we're confident that over time we're going to continue to close the gap there. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, thanks for the question. So let me start with this one because I want to make sure that we get this on the record. So we're talking about gross profit and operating margin deleverage here for the first quarter, operating margin specifically. But I just want to be clear that that's not being driven by product margins, right? So we pointed to retail product margins being roughly flat year-over-year. And that's 85% plus of our business, right? So we have to keep that in mind. Keeping it flat year-over-year in light of what's going on in the department stores sector right now and the dynamics in the prestige color business, we consider that a huge win for our enterprise overall. The clearance event we called out, that was one contributing factor but a very small one in the big scheme of things. And again, that was the best thing to do for the business in the long term. We believe that there's probably way too much time and attention being invested in attempting to track the number promotional offers each quarter and trying to read through that on the impact to gross profit. I mean, the fact of the matter is we see reports quite often that place a lot of weight on a very limited view into only one element of our overall promotional toolbox. And that being primarily the 20% off postcard, right? So you guys -- nobody's taking into account all the other promotional things that we do, that are part and parcel of our everyday business. Things around merchandising discounts and offers and our circulars and, of course, the loyalty program, right? That's another part of the discount equation that we use, right, to kind of mitigate some of these things. So we're always going into this with a very balanced view. And an important part of what makes Ulta unique in retail is the variety of tools that we have at our disposal and our ability to be very flexible and deploy those in a timely manner and in a very financially disciplined way. So looking ahead, we've talked about the long-term view for us is to focus more on loyalty and CRM and making sure that it's more personalized and targeted offers as we look ahead. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We haven't seen any direct impacts to our business, but we're aware of that, and we're monitoring it. And we'll be quick to take action if we see any negative consequences. 
Scott Settersten: No. I think you have the right take on it, Simeon. So the retail part of the business was flat. Yes, that excludes the impact that we see from the mix of the e-commerce part of the business but does include some of the other shifts that we're talking about, prestige versus mass versus some of the prestige brand boutiques. So again, we think we can manage that over the longer term. We've talked in the past about flattish merchandise margins in the assumption that over the long term in our plans, we're not expecting to see significant gains there. So we got headwinds that were -- that are a fact. We've got a lot of arrows in the quiver, so to speak, to try to mitigate a lot of that. It's private label kinds of things. It's continued benefits like we just saw on the first quarter with inventory, performance improvements to help drive leverage there over the long term. So we think we have a lot of nice tools to help us mitigate some of those challenges that we have. 
Scott Settersten: It includes it, primarily. We're looking at the business overall. So we're talking the long term, all of that's baked into the merch margin, definitely. 
Scott Settersten: I think it's a fair statement to say it's about 50-50. So let's call that $0.08. We said $0.15. Half was sales performance, call that $0.07. The other half just to be in the mix of unusual benefits that we saw come through in the first quarter and some deferred spending. So I'd say allocating that 50-50 is fair. I -- the timing of that, I mean, that's one place where we're trying to be purposely vague. So some of the deferred spending is on the innovation and marketing things. And we like to hold that in reserve and use it when necessary, right? So if it's not, we take it to the bottom line. But if it is, later in the year, we're going to use it as we see best. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We're not counting on that. I mean again, to Mary's point here earlier, we're just being a little -- we're being prudent, which is what we always are. And let's see, I mean, prestige, the prestige color business is a big piece of the overall pie, and it has better margin rates than some of the other categories that we sell. So we want to see some improvement there, some marked improvement, before we get any more aggressive with our guidance. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. And we don't normally share anything about the current quarter that we're in. So we won't be able to provide any more detail on that. 
Scott Settersten: No, I guess we could clarify for folks, right? We're comparing weeks 1 through 52 last year, right, with 1 to 52 this year. So the 53rd week is kind of out of the equation. So just to be clear on that part of it. So again, for us, there's nothing really -- the way our events roll and the holidays roll into our calendar, there's nothing significant to be aware of. 
