Mary Dillon: I'd say we're right on track with that. I mean, we described that this year -- last year and this year would be kind of the key years of investment relative to the new distribution centers in Greenwood and Dallas, all on track; investing in new systems and capabilities, all on track. So we're pretty much right on track with what we described. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Oliver. I'll start and I'll ask if Scott and Dave want to jump in, so please do. On the -- I guess I would just step back and say we compete, as you know, with a lot of players, both bricks and mortar as well as online, but really nobody brings together everything that we do at one place. And so I don't think so much about head-to-head competition at any one place even though we certainly look very closely at the competitive environment. So our online offerings now represent everything we have in the store and more, pretty much everything we have in store plus more. We're starting to expand that. Our guests enjoy the online experience. We're improving the shipping time frame every day. And certainly, as she participates in buying products online at Ulta Beauty, she gets points, and that's the whole loyalty program she loves, because the more she buys from us, the more she gets points that then she can redeem anywhere in the store. So certainly, we compete with Amazon in some ways in beauty. I would say we offer a great selection that our guests love. But of course, as you know, we also have exceptional bricks-and-mortar physical experience that our guests love. And really, the beauty enthusiasts that Dave described love to go in person and buy beauty and experience beauty and, of course, get our services. So I look at them as part of the mosaic of competition and I think our proposition for our guests is really superior in total. In terms of margin on e-commerce, that's getting stronger. I mean, a big reason behind the investments that we've done in our distribution centers is to really improve the efficiency and effectiveness of that part of our business, and that's happening. I'd say the guest is happier with the speed of delivery, and certainly, the margins are improving. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Steph. We don't really break out the exact mix. In total, part of the really compelling aspects of our proposition to our guests will always be the case of this assortment of categories and price points. And so while the shift to prestige has been happening over several years, and we're thrilled with the array of prestige brands that we have that we're rolling out, I don't anticipate that mix to change dramatically and relative to mass in the future. What's happening is we just have a great assortment of prestige brands to choose from, and that's a great, and we love those brand partners. But again for our guest, it's very important that she always feels that she can come in and have that combination of categories and price points that she loves about Ulta Beauty. 
Mary Dillon: Well, first, I would start with the fact that we've got a lot of great opportunity here in the U.S. We're going to continue to be able to drive growth, we think, for many years. And as we start to think about international, we're starting to frame and look at possibilities. There's nothing to announce. But certainly, we're looking at where might it make sense from a consumer environment, a competitive environment, overall business environment, and we'll make some decisions if we move forward, we would do that in a way that would be let's learn about it first and then decide if we would go further. So in the analysis phase, I guess, is the best way to think about it right now. 
Mary Dillon: Great. Thanks for asking about that. I just want to give a little plug. I'm really proud about our team having really worked this for over a year, and it's a very cross-functional effort, as you can imagine, to prepare an organization to launch something like this. And we're off to a strong start. And the good news is we based it first and foremost on guest insight, which is that our guests are very interested in this program because it gives them the opportunity to just get more points at ULTA Beauty. But also for us, obviously, it's creating more loyalty, more -- increasing her share of wallet going to us. So that's all great, and we're not going to get into parsing apart all the details of the deal. ADS is a great partner. I will say they manage the program for us and take the credit risk, so that's great. And more to come. So our CRM team is really the folks who really own this project, and you can imagine, they've got a lot of ideas about how to leverage this going forward to drive growth. So more to come on that, and we feel good about where we are. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Ike. Well, the good news is that everything we sell -- almost everything we sell is highly replenishable, but the great news is that our guest and beauty enthusiast is really not interested in just the same product every time. There's categories that she'll need to replenish when she's out. There might be a couple of items that she's quite attached to, but I'll tell you, for the most part, our guests are really coming in and loving to try new products. She loves trends, she loves newness, she loves great, new products that are launched by our brand partners. So what we're finding is that very little of the business is one-for-one replenishment. And as that becomes bigger perhaps in the future, we're always looking at that to see if there's a way we can make it even easier for her. But what she seems to be responding to is the breadth of innovation and newness. And if you look at, for example, our e-commerce guests, the guests who shop online and in-store, again, some of our best guests, they spend significantly more than someone who's not buying online. And what she's tending to buy is in response to things that we're bringing to her attention via email, so it's usually new products or exclusives or new trends. Again, I don't have anything against replenishment, but I love the fact that we're replenishing our products a lot, but the one-for-one piece is something that is not a big part of the business. 
Mary Dillon: Let me start by saying, as a category, beauty has been growing for multiple years. It's a strong -- it's up last quarter, was up 5%. Prestige was up higher than mass, but all growing. As you said makeup growing, the lead in terms of growth, skincare, every category we saw growth last quarter. So the good news is we're in a category that's growing. As we look at consumer trends going forward, and Dave touched on this, but younger women, millennials, Hispanic women, fastest-growing segment of our population, there's a propensity, we think, for the beauty category for all those folks to continue to play a very important role in her overall spend of her money and how she spends her time. So that's all good. And the great thing is that innovation comes from companies large and small, it's probably the most exciting consumer category, I think, that exists because innovation comes from many different sources, and we positioned ourselves to hopefully be a great partner for brands to do business with and we offer this variety of products, categories and price points. So I think that also helps to sort of insulate us as the subcategories go up and down, and Dave talked a little bit about those categories. We're trying to look out multiple years and say, okay, where do we place our bets, but knowing that, it really -- innovation is coming from all -- many sources, and we think the foundation of growth is there for us. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Well, I'll start with the store piece first. Certainly, this will be something we'll talk more about in October. I think the dynamics that have been happening for some period of time in terms of how people shop for beauty. So that's not new to us. It's encouraging to us. As we look at how our stores are performing today, the store class is getting stronger, even after this many years of being in business, that's really encouraging. And we think that everything that surrounds how we're doing business, driving awareness, getting the great products and services are all enhancing that. So I feel good about that. We had a -- we think that our 10,000 square foot store has plenty of growth ahead. We're also looking at smaller markets, urban or suburban downtown-type formats. So all those things, we feel, given frankly the fact that we only have a 5% share of this really enthusiastic beauty shopper provides us plenty of runway for growth. So we'll talk more about this. We certainly have done a lot of work and analysis and feel confident that we can drive market share growth, frankly, both through comp store growth as well as new stores. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, talk about parsing, I like that. We're not going to get into details on that today, except to say we feel confident about reaching the target that we set out back a couple of years ago, and frankly, at a much bigger scale of business today, right, with a lot more complexity, so I stand by that description. 
Mary Dillon: Well, we're not complacent about our results, so I'll say that. But I will tell you that as we look at -- our results have been pretty consistent, I would say, across regions, core up period to period, pretty consistent. So -- and you just saw the kind of comps we've delivered. So we're seeing that -- a strong consumer sentiment, right? And I think, it's because we continue to benefit from the fact that we're in the category that's important to our guests. And I mentioned this earlier, it's replenishable, it's affordable indulgence, and beauty is popular right now in many ways in terms of culture and social media. And so you combine that with being in a range of categories and price points, so even if somebody is a little bit more pinched, you can also get great products at a lower price from us. And at partnership with our brand partners, we're continuing -- continuing to excite her with newness. So I feel like our results would say that there's certain pockets of consumer spending that are quite strong, and obviously, we see that macro for the category of beauty as well. We'll just continue to watch it closely. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you. I just want to thank everybody for your interest in Ulta Beauty, and we look forward to seeing you in a few weeks at our Analyst Day. Importantly, I'd also like to thank all of the Ulta Beauty associates for delivering yet another terrific quarter. Take care. 
David Kimbell: Sure. This is Dave Kimbell. Yes, we see strength really across all ages and demographics. We don't look specifically. I mean, we certainly look at the demographics, but we're actually more focused on psychographic around these beauty enthusiasts, and we see that growth on all ages. Having said that, we're excited about strength with the millennials and teenagers, a lot of growth there, and the strong performance of our brand awareness growing there. And we see continued growth in that space. So really growth across all ages and demographics right now. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We're excited to be launching -- introducing Estée Lauder, that launched online within the last week or so, and then, we'll be rolling that out into 30 stores next month. So at that point, you'll kind of be able to see the presentation will be different than the way we've done some other brands, we're really excited about it, and we're particularly excited about it, it's really focused on the strongest, most iconic elements of that line, parts like Advanced Night Repair, Double Wear makeup, complementing it with things, Perfectionist Serum, Extreme Lash. And we've had a strong fragrance, Estée Lauder fragrance business, for a while, so this will complement that very well. So we're going to watch it closely. It's one of the largest prestige brands in the world, and so we're happy to have it in the store, and we'll learn and look to continue to expand that over time. 
David Kimbell: Yes, as far as assortment and managing that and looking at new brands, certainly, as we add many of the great new brands that we've talked about and that Mary mentioned, that does mean in many cases that we have to make room for that. And it's really a focused approach on looking at sales and gross margin per square foot, inventory turn, a bunch of metrics that really look for the most profitable usage of our space, but also focused on elements that are really delivering against our core proposition of All Things Beauty, All in One Place. And so when we look at adding new brands, makeup is the fastest-growing part of the beauty business, and certainly, it is within our portfolio, so you'll continue to see makeup brands for sure. But we want to make sure that we're really focused on understanding how her needs are evolving, and we're bringing innovation across all elements, both mass and prestige. We've had a lot of innovation, great, exciting innovation in fragrance. We've got Sarah Jessica Parker's fragrance coming out on Sunday. I think it's good to be great. So a lot of innovation continued in fragrance. Skin care is an area that has had its ups and downs, but we see growth and potential within that. And then, certainly, haircare and connected to our salon, it's a big and very important part of our business, the styling part, liquids, shampoos, conditioners, tools, our professional tools area -- personal tools areas, so we'll continue to innovate across all parts of the store and optimize our assortment as we go forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We -- so our loyalty program did exceed the $20 million -- 20 million member mark to 20.6 million active members. That's a 27% growth rate. So we're really pleased with that. That's very strong. We've had very strong growth with that, and that will, we think, continue. And we're really happy with our new members. It's actually been a strong kind of flood of new members that are coming in and getting engaged with our program, understanding the benefits of the program. We'll also be able to then talk to them about new elements like the credit card. So clearly, a big driver for us going forward. The second part of your question was around... 
David Kimbell: Sure. We're really pleased with it, it's a great brand, of course, from Jessica Alba's company, and it's off to a great start. I mean, it's part of Honest, The Honest Company, it's been a leader in a broader trend around natural and it's great to bring that to the beauty segment. There's other brands that have been in that space for a while with us, and we're seeing a lot of growth across the area, but really pleased with that and think it will be continuing to drive nice growth for us going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I'd start by saying we're always looking across every element of the beauty space to find growth, and we are listening to our guests and finding opportunities. Our focus is on continuing to drive a lot of innovation in those most important biggest categories that we have, makeup, hair, skin care, fragrance, nail is important, but we are looking -- we are seeing some nice growth in additional categories, one of which you mentioned, bath and body space is one that is a nice category, obviously not anywhere near as big for us as something like makeup, but we do see growth potential. We've added some new brands into that space, Fizz & Bubble, Soap & Glory among others, and we've got some great business. The exclusive distribution of the Body Shop outside of their own shops is an example, and so it's not huge for that total bath and body space isn't enormous for us, but it's an example of what you're talking about. We do see potential growth to continue to add to that and make sure that we're delivering against what our guest is looking for. So we'll look across all different avenues in addition to the big ones that we're driving growth on today. 
David Kimbell: Well, make sure I understand your question, but the mass and prestige has been part of our business and is part of the original insight that the company is founded on and certainly is a critical part, key part, of our strategy today. We've grown our prestige business pretty quickly over the last several years as we've added a number of brands, but we've also been focused on growing mass, so a key part what our guest really responds to us is this idea of mass and prestige because that's where she shops, that's how when you look at products that she has at home, most women don't have either prestige or either mass only, they have both. So providing both to her is a key part of our strategy. We will never kind of shift away from that, we want to see growth on both sides because that's what our guest wants. And so we're investing heavily in the experience as well as bringing in new brands and innovation across both sides, the range of price points that we think is what our customers really want. 
David Kimbell: On the customers, I don't think we've kind of broken out that level of detail. What I would say is there's kind of a few key elements that are driving our total customer growth. Retention is strong and healthy. And as we look across, as we understand just loyalty programs, not necessarily just in beauty, but loyalty programs, we think we have a very healthy, probably it's a leading level of retention. So that's key and strong and will continue to be. Reactivation, we've talked about in the past and that also was strong in the second quarter, which is essentially those that had not shopped -- that had been members of our program but had not shopped with us in the last year through some elements, our expanded marketing, advertising, new store openings perhaps, we'll get them in and driving that. But new -- totally new guest, is absolutely still a big growth driver getting that guest attracting new guests across the country, both obviously new stores but existing stores bringing her in as a key part to our growth. So those 3 things are what's driving that growth today. And then, boutiques was -- I don't know if I fully understood the question about... 
David Kimbell: Where we're locating. It's really across the country. So across the country. We're looking at really stores -- as we continue to add these 500 boutiques, we're seeing success in big market, small markets, all different regions of the country, we'll continue to expand. As Scott said, by next year, we'll be in a large percentage of our total chain, so thereby being in most stores across the country. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. And as far as the targeting localization, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, with the boutique brands, in particular, Clinique and Lancôme, Benefit, Bare, those we're building boutiques at a fast pace, but we're also expanding those brands, Clinique and Lancôme, into every store, to a presence of some SKUs in every store. And that allows us to market the brand at a total company level, national level, because every store will have some SKUs, both of those -- really, all of those boutique brands. But we also tailor and target and localize our communication through our CRM activities. Email is a big part of that. Our magazines will also customize based on location. And those that are close to a specific store with a boutique, we will customize that communication. At the same time, our national advertising marketing is really talking about the total Ulta Beauty, all things beauty, all in one place messaging. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So the deleverage in the supply chain is significant. Again, I don't want to be reconciling basis points quarter-to-quarter, but it's kind of in the general ZIP code, I would say, to what you saw in third quarter last year. Net-net, I think, for the third quarter, gross profit is kind of flattish year-over-year when you add up all the puts and takes because we are still going to get a sizable fixed store cost leverage benefit in the quarter, we're going to continue to expand merchandise margins like we have earlier in the year, and so that will kind of cover up some of the hurt, I guess, I would say, from the deleverage from supply chain. What I don't think most of the models include now is the SG&A deleverage in the third quarter. It's much more significant than what most people are thinking. It's really a combination of the boutiques, the high watermark on the boutiques and the remodel programs and all the other things we have in process to drive growth for the business. So again, it's just a matter sequencing the quarters, right? A lot of it ends up in the third quarter this year. We've got some consulting timing that we've moved from earlier in the year to the back half to help us plan for the future as well, to help us frame out growth drivers that will help us next year and beyond. And then, there's another store impairment charge coming in the third quarter. That was just a fairly recent development as part of the heavy flooding down in Louisiana. So that's another roughly a $0.02 charge that was unexpected that we have to record in the third quarter. So that's really the combination of things. When I think about the rest of the year then, moving on to the fourth quarter, again, supply chain, we start get some benefits there, so we expect to get leverage overall on some of those supply chain investments. SG&A then, we get back into our normal cadence. The heavier sales volume in the fourth quarter. The upfront cost from some of those boutiques are behind us now, and we get leveraged SG&A in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of how we end up full year then, with slight leverage coming from gross profit and slight deleverage on the SG&A line that gives us an all-in slight leverage for the year in operating margin. 
Scott Settersten: The baskets for the loyalty guest. It basically represents what we quoted in our prepared remarks, Jason. So, I mean, again the loyalty program is more than 80% of our total sales. And so when we're looking at those kind of metrics, that's basically what it represents. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, that's something that we've kicked around from time to time with our Board of Directors. Again, thinking about all options, right, on being as shareholder-friendly as we can be, whether it's capital allocations or things like stock split. So surprisingly, I've only gotten this question maybe 2 times in the 3-plus years I've been here, and it's been at the annual shareholder meeting, right? So it's usually a local retail holder, right, that would ask that kind of question. So generally speaking, most of our shares are held by big, large investment funds and houses and most of those folks aren't that interested based on our Q&A with them about entertaining a stock split. So it's nothing that's on the front burner, but of course, it's something we'll always be ready to consider. 
Scott Settersten: I know it gets a little -- if you look at quarters and you try to stack them together, we look at the single, the double, the triple stack, every which way you can look at the comp. There's nothing extraordinary that sticks out in any one. I mean, each quarter has kind of a unique set of opportunities and challenges. I would say, generally speaking, the back half of the year, we just feel really great about the boutiques, right? The tailwind we're going to get from that, finally, all being installed, there's a great pipeline of newness coming, and we believe we've got a great set ready to go for holiday, both on the assortment and the way we we've our stores set up and our gift card program. So we're very bullish on the back half of the year. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the CapEx related to boutiques, again, I just want to remind folks that the boutiques were always in the plan back in 2014 when we rolled out the 5-year financial targets. There was an assumption in there for boutiques, all right, over those 5 years. We've just accelerated that, so we kind of pulled it forward -- '16, a big step up, roughly $80 million, as you mentioned. That will repeat next year into 2017, so we're kind of viewing it as a 2-year kind of cycle, and at that point, we'll have, again, those 2 great brands in the majority of our comp stores, and then it will be just about new store buildup from that point on. 
Scott Settersten: No. So with the e-commerce, just to be clear, so we service e-commerce out of 4 buildings today, so Chambersburg out east, Romeoville here locally in Chicago, and then the 2 new, Greenwood and Dallas, and so, again, nothing's coming direct from the vendor, so we're doing all that. The new buildings are just much more efficient, right? They're designed to actually do e-commerce, pick-and-fill-and-ship processes unlike the older buildings, which were retrofitted and not quite as efficient. So we're happy to see that and we're showing the benefits show up in the P&Ls as currently and as we think about the future, so we're very excited about that. As far as in-stock rates overall, that's something that we've -- that's kind of priority #1 when we think about the guest experience in our stores. And again, that's part and parcel of all the investments that we've been talking about for the last couple of years, whether it's distribution center to help the throughput there, capacity and capability overall, but also, we're doing a lot other work behind the scenes with merchandise planning, tools, SWIFT we've talked about, master data, managing that better, floor planning and space planning kind of tools that are going online as well to help with in-stocks overall. And then, our team internally here, there's a lot of individual projects and look-sees going on around how we can do a better job, just making sure we go extra heavy on A and B SKUs so we just don't disappoint folks, and how can we be more effective with some of the C, D, E and F SKUs, right, in the stores and how we better align ourselves on that. So all oars are in the water when it comes to in-stocks and inventory productivity across the enterprise. 
