Dave Kimbell: Before we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to recap our perspective on the first quarter and reiterate our confidence in our plans. Love for the Ulta Beauty brand is growing. Our member retention is strong and our teams are laser focused on delivering great guest experiences, while managing through an evolving environment. We are pleased with the progress we are making across key areas of our business and we are taking steps to drive stronger performance through strengthening our assortment, expanding our relevance, enhancing our digital experience, leveraging our world class loyalty program and evolving our promotional levers. We have a strong plan in place to navigate near-term pressures while continuing to invest in support of the long-term opportunity. I am confident in the power of our differentiated business model and our team's ability to execute with excellence against our priorities and deliver value for our shareholders. Ulta Beauty is a force in the beauty industry as we captured a large share of this dynamic category and I am as optimistic as ever about the future of our business. And now I'll turn the call over to our operator to moderate the Q&A session.
Dave Kimbell: Well, what I'd say is, as we look forward throughout the year to clarify, Paula mentioned in her remarks that we are protecting our investment in marketing, in store labor and other aspects that we know drive our business and that's reflected in our updated operating margin outlook and we'll continue to invest appropriately as we see opportunities to support growth, so all of that is reflected. The types of things we're doing are continuing to strengthen our connection with our guests. As I said, our unaided awareness and our brand love both increased meaningfully in Q1 after strong growth throughout 2023, we are on a good trajectory as it relates to connecting our guests. The fact that we're driving traffic in both to our stores and online, we're growing our connection to our app, our loyalty, engagement and retention is strong. Our marketing efforts are working. The point in my comments about us finding even better ways and stronger ways to connect is an always on focus for us and we see continued opportunity to drive greater connection through social, so that will be a big focus for us. I highlighted our growth in EMV, which is which we're pleased with, but we know we can do even more. It is the key driver of this category, the way so many consumers are learning and discovering and engaging in the category. So we will continue to have a focus there. And importantly, we're partnering with our brands to find ways to connect as their brands drive growth within our environment. So we're pleased with the efficiency of our spend. It is driving our results and we'll continue to optimize our spend and add appropriately throughout the year as we see opportunities and all of that is reflected both in our top line and our operating margin outlook.
Dave Kimbell: Mark, that's a great question and we're very confident in that. We have worked hard over many years to build very strong relationships with our brand partners, both the largest brands in the category and a real dedicated effort in supporting emerging new smaller brands. And that is an area of high confidence that we'll continue to be connected and partnering with our brands. We are a very large part of the category across all segments; mass and prestige, makeup, hair care, skincare, fragrance, bath, wellness. We play a significant role. We have a unique proposition. Nobody does what Ulta Beauty does. Our stores and the experience we deliver is special and differentiated and our brands recognize that. They value the opportunity that they have in our stores and on our online to connect with now nearly 44 million loyalty members and the activation and capabilities we have to activate their strategies directly with the largest pool of beauty enthusiasts in the country. And we have long been a destination for growth and so many of our brands are driving growth and taking full advantage of that experience. So I am confident in our brand relationships as we work through some of the changes in the category. In my direct discussion with brands and our overall relationships, we are working together to continue to drive growth and strengthen our partnership, add new brands, as many of which I've highlighted, and drive our business forward in partnership with our brands and that will continue for sure.
Dave Kimbell: Well, so first on makeup, it's the largest part. It continues to be the largest part of our business, about 44% of our business and we have a very large share of that category. And when we look at our business right now, we talked about some pressure on the prestige side. Many of the things that I've highlighted and the mass, the category slowed some as we were lapping a very strong Q1 and first half of last year. When I look out and embedded in our guidance is confidence on many parts of our makeup business and the ability to strengthen our performance in that. On the mass side, we see continued opportunities with several brands, including Elf has performed very well and has been an important partner for us. Exclusive partnership with Morphe. We've got key partnership with NYX, early lead on some of their innovation. We've got brands like Juvia's Place and about base that have demonstrated strong partnership and growth in our business. So we're confident in our ability to continue to evolve that. And on the prestige side, the newness that I've highlighted has contributed and while we've got more work to do there, Charlotte Tilbury is now in 600 stores and online and has contributed meaningfully to our business. We highlighted the continued expansion and performance of our luxury business. Brands like Wyn, the launch with Serena and we're expanding MAC into more doors. That is just rolling out really as we speak into more doors. And we've got a number of really exciting exclusive brands, brands like Live Tinted, Polite Society, Rabanne, Wyn, and others in the makeup space that are just an outstanding portfolio of emerging brands that we are confident will drive growth over time. So we will continue to drive makeup connection. We've got a very big makeup business and we've got clear plans to drive that going forward as far as other competitive environment in the digital space. The efforts that I talked about across our business apply both to in-store and online. One of the great things about our business is when we get our in-store guests shopping online, they increase their brand, love their brain connection, our share of wallet, their spend goes up two and a half times. And our efforts there and we gained share in the prestige e-com business in Q1, despite some of the other pressures that I talked about. So we see opportunity to continue to drive programs like communities and affiliates. We're doing a lot of that, drive more influencers, expand our assortment, and drive newness across the business. So competing both in-store and online is what we do, and we're focused on that and makeup as we are with all of our categories looking forward.
Dave Kimbell: Yes. As far as promotional environment Michael, we came into the year with the assumption that the promotional environment would increase, but remain rational and we built in expectations that we would be able to continue to invest in core parts of our business going forward. What we're seeing now is largely that's holding true. We continue to plan for promotional levels to increase in 2023 because of the competitive nature of this business right now. But as we saw in the first quarter, and we anticipate through the rest of the year, we're not looking to an irrational level, I guess I'd say, of promotional. And we expect our promotional levels to be below 2019 levels for the year. And that's in large part due to our CRM capabilities, promotional efficiencies. As far as specifically about brands, I don't, we haven't really witnessed any specific trends, brands that are in this competitor or in a certain marketplace. It's a broad dynamic going on across the industry again, elevated but still below historical highs.
Dave Kimbell: Well, let's see the actions that we're taking to drive our business. I've highlighted them and all of them come in. We came in into the year with a number of initiatives that we're continuing to drive and then we're finding ways to do even more newness being a big part of that. We're excited about our program. I highlighted many of the activities we talked about social and marketing efforts specifically around promotional program. And a few things I'd highlight is we're continuing to amplify and elevate our key tentpole events like our semiannual beauty event we held in Q1, our Spring Haul event. We've got an event coming up in the summer of this year and more throughout the rest of the year and certainly going into holiday. That is an effort that every year we continue to find ways to improve, elevate the connection and the relationship that we build with our guests through the power of these tentpole events. We complement that through a steady effort in promotional connection that's more targeted through the power of our loyalty program and the strength in the personalization efforts and we see that right now we're in the midst of a program. If you've seen in the market what we call member love, it's a three week program, each week highlighting a different category, this week focused on skin care. And what we see with that is a really differentiated way to connect with our guests again, add more value to our guests in a way that only Ulta Beauty can to leverage our personalization and differentiation capabilities, the strength of our loyalty program, and we're pleased with the results. So we'll continue to amplify the big efforts that we have throughout the year and complement that with targeted, efficient promotions that we have a lot of data to continue to optimize. As far as our brand portfolio, I'm really proud and pleased with the portfolio that we have. We've got the very best of beauty. We've got brands across all major categories, all price points from the biggest, most established, longest term brands in this category that continue to provide great performance and outlook for us. Brands like MAC and Clinique and Lancome, the Estee Lauder brand, newer brands like Cosmic from Kylie and Wyn from Serena. We've got the portfolio of emerging brands, large brands and strength in all key segments of the category. So I highlighted that the competitive environment continues to evolve and brands will adapt to that and take advantage of growth prospects where they see them. But to reiterate something I mentioned in a previous question, our brand relationships are incredibly strong. It's something that we value immensely and work hard to continue to develop. And so our brand CS as a place for growth they're experiencing, so many of them are experiencing that growth right now. And that's one of the many reasons that I am very confident in the future of Ulta Beauty. And we're very clear on our, what's ahead of us throughout 2024 and ready to continue to lead the category for the long-term.
Dave Kimbell: Okay. So with that, let me wrap up today with just a couple of quick remarks. Our teams are working hard to deliver against our short-term objectives while also taking necessary steps to position Ulta Beauty for longer term profitable growth. And I want to thank our more than 50,000 Ulta Beauty associates across the country for all that they are doing. Again, I appreciate your interest in Ulta Beauty, and we look forward to speaking to you all again when we report, our results for the second quarter on August 29. I hope you all have a great evening. Thanks again for joining.
Paula Oyibo: Sure. Thank you, Dave. Good afternoon, Simeon. What I would say is, as we think about our operating margin guide of 37 to 40 on the comp of 2% to 3%, we've shared that top line performance plays an important role in driving fixed cost leverage for us. And with the comps now below our long-term algo of 3% to 5% comps, we expect less leverage and have adjusted our operating margin expectations accordingly. One thing that I will also share is that in addition to the fixed cost deleverage on lower sales, we've embedded flexibility in our guidance to invest in sales levers like promo, marketing and store labor to strengthen our top line and defend share and so that also gives us confidence in the adjusted comp guide that Dave spoke about.
Paula Oyibo: Sure, Dave. Simeon, I'll give a little color on merch margin. When we think about merch margin from a guidance perspective, we currently expect lower merchandise margin for the year due to the lower sales, increased promotional activity and category mix. We saw merchandise margin decline in Q1 generally for these similar reasons, increase in promo, adverse impacts from brand mix, and then we had a bit of lapping price increases from 2023. When we think about 2020 versus 2019, you are correct. As of last year, we were about 200 basis points of merch margin above 2019 levels. And really, what I would say is a lot of that benefit that we saw was coming from ongoing category performance improvement efforts by our merchandise team, category mix and promo efficiency. Now we are seeing that some of that merch margin is getting a bit pressured as we're seeing in Q1 and as reflected in our current guide.
Paula Oyibo: Yes. Thank you. So, Chris, as it relates to the cadence for the quarter and our April exit rate for the quarter, March was the strongest period for a quarter. And it's for all the reasons you mentioned benefiting from the Easter timing as well as our expansion of our Q1 beauty event. Comps in April were positive, but did moderate from March as we expected, negatively impacted from the timing of the Easter shift. With regards to May and what we're seeing quarter-to-date, I won't comment on that specifically, but what I will share is that we expect Q2 comps to look very similar to the first quarter comp.
Paula Oyibo: Yes. Well, so we expect more pressure in the first half due to the promo and brand mix and that lapping effect of those price increases. And so when we think about the second half, we're not lapping the price increase benefits and we will be largely past the inventory markdowns associated with our rebranding of Ulta Beauty collection. We'll still have the brand mix and promo impact, but net-net, we're expecting the second half to be flat.
Paula Oyibo: No, real concern with regards to inventory. I guess for perspective, approximately 75% of that inventory growth in the quarter was attributable to our new brands and our new stores that were mainly due to opening at DC. We do expect that growth to normalize as we progress during the year. And I know we've shared this previously, but as you think about inventory, keep in mind that most of our inventory is current and largely what we consider core product, which means very little seasonal or at risk inventory. And as you mentioned, we do look for opportunities to invest in inventory to best position ourselves to capture future demand and so we are also doing that as well.
Paula Oyibo: Okay, let me, I'll take the first question and then Dave will talk about what we're seeing from the social environment with the bank [ph]. So Michael, what we've shared is that the top line performance plays a really important role in our ability to drive fixed cost leverage and comps below our long-term algorithm really causes a challenge for us to be able to drive margins at that range above the 14% and 15%. You see that with how we've adjusted our guidance. So on a 2% or 3%, our low end has come down because of the effect of that difficulty of leveraging occupancy costs. What I would say is, from a long-term perspective, we're not sharing long term guidance on the call today, but we do have an Investor Day in October and we plan to share more about the opportunities ahead, how we're thinking about the next phase of growth, and of course how that impacts our financials.
