Mary Dillon: Thank you, Chris. Well, I guess, first of all, I'd say, what we saw was pretty consistent across the quarter in terms of comps. Not a lot of variation. Where we did see variation, it was maybe cadence in promotions than we had planned. So I think at the end of the day, beauty as a category is a great place to be, as you know, and it's a healthy category. And it's fairly, we think, insulated from some of the factors that are affecting maybe retail broadly. And in particular, our -- what we bring to the marketplace in terms of this differentiated proposition of categories, various price points, products and services, we think makes us pretty insulated right now. And we're pretty proud of the results. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Joe. Well, first of all, I would say we've said it's well over 80%. Over 80% of our sales are driven by the loyalty program members. We're really pleased with how that's working for our business. It's really one of the key drivers of the results that we're seeing is the acceleration in members entering the program. Really proud about our store teams being able to convert new traffic and new members into the store and into the program. How high is that? I mean, certainly, we ask ourselves that question as well. As we think about our kind of long-term view of the business, it's going to be obviously a very key driver for us as we move forward. And if you step way back and look at it, our share of the market in beauty in the U.S. is still only 3% or so of the total market, right? So we know there's a lot of growth ahead. And we're very focused on understanding kind of what it is about the loyalty program that drives the appeal and continue to make sure that we fine-tune it going forward. So we think there's more growth there certainly, and I think our results are showing that. 
Mary Dillon: Okay, thank you, Brian. On your first question, well, I'm not going to provide our guidance today. Nice try, though. But it's a really fair question. I'd say this. We're very confident. First of all, we're thrilled with the progress in the business. I mean, I think that should be pretty clear and confident that we understand the drivers, and we see plenty of growth ahead. We're confident in the mid-teen operating margin target that we've stated previously. I think what you'll see is we -- we're looking to refresh our view but feel good about where we are. I wouldn't expect to change our outlook materially. We believe we can continue to drive top line and invest in the business for the long term as well as drive efficiencies with the investments that we're making today. And while we're thrilled about the top line momentum, I think all of us would say consumer expectations in the future will continue to evolve. And so we need to be prepared to be able to respond in some areas, lead in some areas. So that makes us cautious about getting more aggressive about that gross margin target. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I'll start, and maybe, Dave, if there's any additional color you want to add. We're totally [ph] with the growth that we're seeing in e-commerce. Of course, it's still a pretty small percentage of our sales, just under 6%. So -- and what's interesting is that as we look at that omnichannel shopper, I guess, multichannel shopper, we love that guest because they're really our best guests in many ways. So the person who's shopping both in-store and online is driving 2.5x the sales than somebody who's only shopping in the store. So what that says to us is it's quite incremental. There's not like a lot of replenishment-type activity happening. We talked about this. We focus on this beauty enthusiast who's really focused on trend and newness. And actually, when we get her email address, the ability to give her email, spark her imagination and curiosity about other products that maybe she didn't see in the store, seems to be driving. Whether it's that or Beauty Breaks! or samples, they're really responding. So over time, we certainly see that expanding in terms of percentage of sales. It's a small percentage of our sales today in terms of the multichannel shopper, but it's a very healthy place for us to continue to look at driving growth. 
Mary Dillon: Well, the 3% number that I mentioned is if you take all of beauty products and services in the U.S. and that's sort of a very macro view of it, which is kind of where we start. And then if you look at, really, just the dollars that are spent even amongst the target that we focus on, the beauty enthusiasts, the beauty enthusiasts on a budget, certainly, is higher. We have 5% of their share of wallet. Of the people that are in a loyalty program, well, clearly, it's higher than that. But I'll tell you what, there's a lot of upside to that as well. We believe, even if you look at our best guess it would be a step back. There are, I don't know, I'm going to make -- 50,000 places you can buy beauty in the U.S., right? So between grocery, mass, drug, department stores, specialty retailers, online, there's a lot of places you could buy beauty. So there's a lot of sources of volume and share gain. That whole idea for us that our guest could be really resonating with this is the more success with us with loyalty program, right, the more benefit she gets by consolidating her spend at ULTA. So we have not had that at ULTA either in terms of the number of relevant -- the addressable market kinds of folks that could be in our loyalty program as well as -- we'll never have 100% of anybody's wallet, I think. That's kind of, in any category, think about grocery, for example, people buy food probably in 2 or 3 or 4 different types of retail outlets. It's probably always going to be a little bit like that with beauty. But we feel good about where it is and there's still a lot of potential for that growth. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Dan. In terms of the drivers, honestly, it really is a combination of a lot of factors. It really -- I guess you can point most directly to the acceleration in the growth of the member file. So with a 25% increase in the members in ULTAmate Rewards program, that clearly we can point to as a major driver. So more guests in the program and guests spending more often, reactivation of guests, better retention. Now that doesn't happen kind of on accident, right? So it's really a combination of, I would say, everything we're doing. I mentioned at the top, I mean, it's great to be in a category that's growing and beauty, we believe, what we have is a very compelling proposition relative to a large segment of the market, right? So what we offer them is relevant. And as we look out into the future, the future consumer, millennials, I think even more so relevant. But then in addition, right, we have to be driving awareness and traffic. So I feel great about what I would call our demand creation tools, so we wouldn't have an increase in the numbers if we didn't have new people aware of and coming to ULTA, and the traffic shows that. And then, in addition, of course, it's about what we sell in the store and the service that we give and the services and the guest experience. So I talked a lot about the merchandise assortment. So I feel good about -- we're really doing business smartly with our brand partners. So I guess, in total, it's a lot of things coming together, I think, effectively for us to drive members into our loyalty program and have a relevant proposition to drive their growth. The second part you asked about was on -- yes, there's a lot obviously happening as it relates to wages and whatnot. In particular, the overtime pay thing that just passed, we are -- we've already factored that into our forecast. There's some attach to us this year, it's pretty immaterial, I would say. Most of our managers are typically paid above the threshold, and some of our comanagers are affected. And as we look out into future years, we'll continue to obviously be cognizant of the factoring wage and other pay factors. 
Mary Dillon: I would say that we would just look at kind of the current growth factors for the industry that you guys can see as well, which is the industry is up, what, 4%, which is great. And obviously, prestige up more than that, color cosmetics up a lot. So we look at the published forecast or the published data that's out there as well as just do our own kind of work that's both qualitative and quantitative, thinking about future sources of growth. So we don't have a great -- any other crystal ball than anybody else, but we -- we're, I think, pretty darn good at understanding consumer segments, understanding and projecting where their demand might go in the future and use that to try to figure out what we think the category growth will be. Second question was... 
Mary Dillon: Let me just say I think more of this we'll talk about in the fall as we do the Analyst Day because it's -- kind of as we think about the future, that's obviously -- we're sort of in the insights and mulling machine about kind of where the world is going and how to think about those dynamics for ULTA. I'll let Dave maybe add some color, but I will tell you, I think we all feel personally very optimistic about that. That as we think about the way the world -- if we just look at the world today, sort of the influences are really converging nicely as it relates to beauty as a category as well as shopping in the way that we offer to be able to come in with a point of view and be -- already have a curated idea in mind but to get some help as well. So maybe you can add a little more to that. But more on this topic later, I'd say, is the best way to think about it. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Courtney. Yes, you know what, the great thing is there's not really a separate mass versus prestige consumer at our store, which is kind of cool. Our guests, there's just been a tendency to come in. I think we've talked about this right, on maybe more the mass side than prestige and then migrate over time. Typically, our guest has a mixture though. There's really very few people that I think are just completely one versus another type category. And that's part of the beauty of what we offer that makes it super relevant for our guests and I think as well for our brand partners. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. So we'll tag team this again, Dave. I'll start on the mall piece. Malls are about, what, 10% or so of our store base, and we're not really -- we're not seeing much of a difference. We're seeing positive traffic. I would say when we're in malls, we pick those spots pretty carefully, both in terms of the market, it being a great place to shop in a given market, as well as our locations tend to be on the exterior of the mall, so we feel good about how they're performing. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. No problem, Omar. I guess what I would say is that, yes, we have several urban, I guess, you'd call them, stores in the fleet. And they do fine. As we're thinking about the future, I wouldn't say we've ever had a concerted urban strategy, right? So we don't have a lot of them. Our main strategy has been really in suburbs and in power centers, in lifestyle centers. We've talked about -- we feel good about the 10,000 square foot store format and the ability to hit at least 1,200 at least of that format. But what I referenced at, we're also looking at what's the opportunity in smaller markets and then also what's the opportunity in places where the parcels of real estate would, by definition, be smaller, so whether it's urban centers or the downtown maybe shopping area of high-end suburbs, right? So all I -- we've got 2/3 with 2 5,000-square-foot stores right now that we're operating to learn about the dynamics of a different sized box. And they're doing well, they're also learning a lot about the best way to operate that. And as we look at refreshing our view of store growth, urban is a question we're asking ourselves and would look at. As you said, obviously, the economics are different. But as we drive brand awareness across the country with our marketing efforts, we know that we've -- wherever we go now, people know more about us than, I guess, they would have been in the past, right? So that's a good way, a place to start. So more to come on that. 
Mary Dillon: Well, we're very happy with our loyalty program today. It's really a key asset for us. And so that's a fair question. I mean, that's something that could be a good asset in the long run, right? Nothing to announce on that certainly, but it’s certainly something that has a history in retail that's been successful for many retailers, no doubt. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you. I'd just like to close by thanking our 26,000 associates for an incredible start to the year, and I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I can. Our store model reflects mature stores 5 years and older kind of moderating, comped down to middle, lower single-digit kind of comps over the long term. With the 15 comp in total, as you can well imagine, Chris, I mean, the existing store base, very healthy comps overall, very productive on the SLE [ph] contribution line, which is a huge contributor to the profit increases that we saw year-over-year. As we look to the future, I mean, that's part of the mix. We're adding the boutiques, that's why we're being so aggressive with the CapEx this year to get those installed. We believe that, that along with all the other great parts of the pipeline that we have coming aboard, loyalty on top of that, some of the marketing and advertising kind of initiatives we have underway, we think all of those things together will come together to drive really strong productivity in that existing store base. 
Scott Settersten: No, I would say it's probably more along the lines of a couple of new factors this year. So again, I think we've kind of talked about the DCs and the lapping effect there year-over-year. So not a huge change there, I would say, in the sequence. We do have accelerated depreciation from this boutique acceleration that we talked about, so again, you guys can't really model that very accurately. But that's a little bit lumpy, and it's kind of first half of the year kind of weighted, I would say. And then, we also have some store payroll implications related to the same boutique strategy, right? So I think we explained back in the fourth quarter that it takes a lot for those boutiques to ramp up, right? So they're being installed now and we got some payroll investment there in the early days, which again, over time moderates and plays very well at least from a profitability standpoint. So it's really the payroll piece of that and some of the depreciation that's related there that's causing it. 
Scott Settersten: No. I mean it's part -- the whole supply network is part of our -- we've got a road map built, right, 5 years into the future showing us different things that we're going to address at different points in time. So yes, you're right on, Jason. We're thinking about the rest of the network and those buildings. We'd like to have everyone on one platform, right, best-in-class kind of platform at one point in time. So those decisions are a little bit yet out in front of us, but I would say definitely, that will be a focus of ours over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Well, let me take a crack at that. So gross margin overall, we're not going to break down all the basis points, pluses and minuses here, puts and takes, but I could just directionally talk. And I know sometimes people, it may not be clear because this is kind of a multivariable equation that we're solving for here and also when we talk about promotions, right? So there's a couple of major buckets, I guess, I would call them. Merchant discounts, right? So what are we -- what are the offers in the magazines that we distribute or the tabs that we put into newspapers? Is it a 2-for-1? Is it a buy one, get one 50% off? Is there a GWP with it, right? So that's one bucket. Then there's the marketing discount bucket, right, which is the coupon, right? $3.50 off $10, 20% off one item, 20% off the entire order kind of thing, right, with the postcard offer that we described in the past. And then there's the loyalty, right? So that would be the third leg of the stool. So again, we approach this very carefully, right, and we're testing and learning constantly. But if we look at the first quarter, for example, we talked about the mass area, right? So mass has been generating really healthy comps for us. We've kind of learned over the course of the last year that the merchandise discounts don't need to be as broad maybe as what we've done in the past. So this year, we kind of narrowed it down. Instead of 2 -- buy 2, get 1 across the whole brand, maybe it's just a narrower set of SKUs. So that would be one example of something that we executed very well in the first quarter, right? And then there's just another -- a set of other just what I'd call smart merchandising marketing decisions, continuing to tweak our coupon offers and the circulation that we have on our marketing offers, Ulta Beauty collection, private label, super high margin part of our business where they're especially strong in the first quarter this year. E-commerce, we called out again, product mix there is being very helpful to us. So you got a lot of good things happening in the merch margin bucket, I would say. And then you layer on top of that a 15 comp, right? That helps a lot on the fixed store cost line. We called that out in our comments. And then we had some offset, some deleverage on supply chain, which was planned and which was expected. So that's kind of it, I guess, I'd say in a nutshell. On the explanation of the variation year-over-year, when we think about the comp breakout and the ticket bifurcation, units were pretty flat year-over-year, so most of it was on average selling price. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so we're really trying to stay focused on not breaking out in too much detail kind of the variations. And I know you guys would love to have that. But again, directionally, the store payroll, there is some investment there as we ramp up the boutiques. There was accelerated depreciation in the first quarter. It's going to be heavy again in the second quarter as we look -- compare against last year. I would say that there's some cost of doing business things that are in there. You guys read all these stories about credit card fraud and the whole EMV thing that all of retail is kind of struggling with. So we're not immune to that, right? We had some of that in the first quarter. Now lucky for us, our EMV rollout is complete now. So that -- we've mitigated that risk as we look out across the rest of the year. I would also say that we're -- like we've done in the past, we look to optimize the business, right? So there's some additional investments, I guess, I would call, in the short term around some test-and-learn things around levers, future levers to drive growth, that we think we can move up here and accelerate a little bit into 2016. And again, those aren't huge things, but there's a little bit here and a little bit there. So again, we're doing it in a very disciplined manner, making sure we have the right balance for both the short-term and long-term financial results of the business. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I think, in the short term, it's absorbed. So again, back to Dave's earlier point here, it's going to be additive. It takes a while for those boutiques to ramp up much -- similar to our store maturation curve overall. We've seen that demonstrated over a long period of time. So again, over the longer term, yes. We think it's a significant add to the box overall and will help productivity significantly over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, let me start there. So as far as the $80 million is concerned, I mean, that's all on ULTA, right? So we're stepping up with the CapEx investment. And again, that $80 million, partly it's not just a boutique drop-in, right? So again, there's 500 -- roughly 500 individual boutique drop-ins across the chain. But we're going to take the opportunity while we're in the stores to also refresh our fragrance fixtures in those stores and Ulta Beauty collection fixturing as well, as well as other miscellaneous things, right? You’re in the store, touching it up and causing some chaos. You're going to take the opportunity to do what you think is best for the guest long term. So that's how we're deploying the $80 million. Again, each vendor, we have a different set of economic terms with them. So I think by and large, it's kind of a -- it's a payroll share kind of model, right? So again, they're trained. There are associates, they're on our payroll. The vendors provide -- our vendor partners provide excellent training for them. We kind of share the payroll model on a go-forward basis. And it takes a while. Again, we install the boutiques upfront. It takes a while for those to reach maturity, right? So again, as we go over time, we add more payroll resources there to make them more productive. So I think that's it in a nutshell. 
Scott Settersten: I guess we could echo those comments that you've heard from others. We have -- there's no shortage of great real estate sites that we're seeing as we look at proposals across the country. Again, our stores, we have a typical, I guess, best-in-class kind of set of co-tenants that we would like to operate with. But we've proven and demonstrated over time, ULTA stores work in a wide variety of real estate locations and types. So we feel very confident about our current pace of 100 stores a year, right, that we talked about here as our medium-term target. We just came back, I guess, from ICSC here in the last day or so. And again, we -- the landlords, the relationships that we have are very strong. We know ULTA's being sought out as a tenant of choice, we're proven traffic drivers to centers. And the beauty category is something that many landlords -- that's a piece of the offering, retail offering, that they'd love to add to the mix overall. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I mean, I don't -- we haven't -- we're always very competitive when we get into the rent structures and the economic terms of our deals. I mean I think Ulta is probably best-in-class when you look at our operating model overall. So it's not like we're seeing some big step decreases in rent terms or anything like that, at least not at this stage. A lot of these liquidation events are kind of in process, I guess, I would say right now. So I guess that's yet to be seen. And we don't -- it's not causing us to rethink the number of stores that we open every year, right? 100 a year, again, there's no magic in our method, that's kind of been a comfortable pace for us with the number of new associates we need to add to the mix overall and the time of year that those stores usually get open. All in, when you think about that, 100 is kind of a good pace. 
David Kimbell: Great. And Brian, it's Dave Kimbell. On your second question around adding new brands in this environment, I'd start with saying that we're really focused on growing our business with our existing brands, and that's working very well for us. We've got a great portfolio of brands across all categories. And that's been very successful and will continue to drive success for us going forward. Having said that, Mary mentioned some of the brands that we've added just in the last quarter. You've heard that we've added well over 100 over the last several years. So we're always looking at new brands. And as our growth continues, I think we're an attractive partner for brands. So we'll continue to be having discussions and exploring new opportunities. But right now, we're really focused on continuing to drive behind the success that we've been having. 
David Kimbell: Yes, the only thing I'd add to that is what we see as this omnichannel guest, most of them pretty quickly if they come in through e-commerce, pretty quickly move into retail. And that's what we like to see. We want her experiencing the entire ULTA Beauty experience, both online and in store. We're investing heavily in various -- both enablers of omnichannel around our inventory and our understanding of our guests as well as guest-facing experiences that we've talked in the past. We've got beacons in our stores now that allow us to -- will allow us over time to identify our guests. We've got same-day shipping with -- in partnership with Google. Mary mentioned some of the app improvements, which will make it easier for her to buy anywhere and anytime she wants. So it's a big focus for us, and we see lots of upside going forward from that. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So on brand awareness, overall, we see -- we don't see huge swings by any demographic group. It's really -- it's pretty broad-based, and we're seeing growth across all demographic, all age ranges, ethnicities. But I would say Hispanic women do have a bit higher, in general, across the board, and that's the strength that we're continuing to grow with. 
David Kimbell: No. I guess we won't share any of that detail, but -- yes. Yes. Well, we give you our total awareness, and we've shared that in the past. So our total awareness are -- increased 5 points in Q1 versus Q1 of last year to 84% on an aided basis and was up 2 points on an unaided basis to 40%. So continued strong growth of that behind kind of marketing efforts, and we expect to continue to drive that go forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes, we -- I think we've shared this last time. So we started the year with -- we talked about in a couple of hundred range of Clinique and Lancôme. This year, yes, 500, in the approximately 500 new boutiques across Clinique, Lancôme and Benefit, those 3 brands. We will see growth over the year. We're just getting those new ones opened. So while it had some impact on Q1, it was not the big driver of Q1. And frankly, I don't -- it will be a contributor, but there's a lot of other parts of our business that are driving growth, a lot of other brands in prestige space with mass and hair care, skin care so it will continue to drive growth, but we're not counting on that being the primary driver of growth throughout the rest of the year. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Yes. Yes, Mary gave a few of the highlights of some of the things that we're doing to build that. And frankly, I think we are at the beginning of a, really, reinvention of that business, and we're seeing the impact of that already, strong growth. Scott talked about high margins, of all the reasons we'd want to grow them. When we look at all the exclusive Ulta Beauty collection and the exclusive brands combined like -- including brands like IT Brushes for ULTA, it's about 6% of our business. But we -- and we'll see that growing over time. We've got new innovation we'll continue to drive that business behind. And we'll -- as you mentioned, as our brand grows, as our recognition grows and then if we improve its presentation and quality of the product and just overall merchandising strategy, marketing strategy, we'll see that grow as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes. The only thing I'd say is our growth -- we're excited to see in our growth, as I mentioned earlier, it isn't concentrated on any specific age range, demographic profile. It's really is this beauty enthusiast, and she's all ages. She lives all across the country. And so we're seeing strength with teenagers. There's been reports out from other third parties about ULTA continuing to gain a strength and presence with teenagers, certainly millennials, but through -- all the way through ages and, for instance [ph] a great part of beauty is it's not age-dependent. Needs might change, but their desire to be a part of a beauty category continues. So we're seeing that across the board right now. 
David Kimbell: Yes. On new brands, not -- nothing to report specifically here. But I will say, as has been our trend of late, we'll continue to add new brands. But I'd say, while that is a big contributor, we're also, I mentioned this earlier, we're really focused on driving growth with our existing brands. We have a lot of new products coming in and growth with existing products within our portfolio across many of the brands that Mary mentioned in her remarks. And so it will be a mix, continue to drive with the strength of our big brands like Urban Decay and Redken, and Bare and Too Faced and NYX. But then, we'll certainly complement that with new brands throughout the year. 
David Kimbell: What we've shared, I think a couple of quarters ago, that we've seen an increase in, I guess, what we call, reactivation, which were lapsed customers. And so we've seen a healthy increase of that. Probably, we won't get into sharing that every quarter, but that is part of it. So customers that might have shopped with us 2 years ago would not be considered a current customer, but we have a record of them. They come back in. They reactivate their account, and they would move into our active -- would move back into our active member profile. So that's a chunk of it. But the biggest part of it is new-to-ULTA customers. And that is exactly, as you described, customers coming in and shopping at ULTA and starting that experience not a customer, and when they get up and interact with one of our associates, they become a customer during their visit there. And a key part of our success has been our store associates really doing an excellent job converting nonmembers into members in the store, and we've seen a strong increase in that. So that's -- that is the primary driver of our new member growth. 
