David Kimbell: Yes. Ashley, for the quarter, we saw strong traffic throughout the quarter with double-digit traffic. And we continue to be pleased with the engagement that we're seeing, and we saw actual comp performance sequentially accelerate through the quarter as well. And all of those trends are reflected into our updated and elevated guidance for the full year.  On fragrance, the -- I'll let Kecia kind of discuss what we're doing in fragrance and how that's impacting our business. 
David Kimbell: Yes, I'd say, yes, we do anticipate continuing to gain share. We've done so through the first half of the year, and that is our outlook. The commentary is really as we look into the second half of the year, we see some strength. Engagement continues to be high. Certainly, our business is performing very well. We're attracting new members. We're growing across all key categories, both -- and then in both e-com and stores. But we also see some uncertainty as we get in later into the year. So while we're confident in the category, we're just incorporating into our outlook some full -- some of that. And for the full year, we're looking at revenue in the plus 8% to 9% range, so we anticipate gaining share for the year being ahead of the total category growth. That's -- that will be our plan. 
David Kimbell: Well, yes, we -- as I discussed, we've seen strong performance really across our entire assortment as we look at it, but mass has been a bit stronger for a couple of quarters now in -- across our business. And that's driven largely by strong consumer engagement across some key brands in makeup, health, NYX and some others are really hitting the market with great innovation, great marketing, great consumer engagement. And the fact that we offer the full assortment from mass to prestige is a real benefit. We're able to capitalize on strong trends and strong engagements across all aspects of that.  In skin care, we're seeing brands, particularly in the dermatologist recommended area driving strong growth, and that's great, we -- strong player for us. As we look forward, it's always our intent to continue to adapt and adjust and lean into the areas that are driving growth, find ways to strengthen those that may be more challenged, but we're confident in the outlook going forward. And the fact that we have both is unique. Of course you know that, but the fact that we're the only ones that offer mass, masstige, prestige and a growing, established now, business in luxury. We're seeing strong points across all. We'll continue to flex and adapt and incorporate it into our comp guidance is our ability to continue to drive growth. But through the first half of the year, we're really pleased with the Mass performance and several brands driving strong growth, and continue to lean in and bring innovation into the prestige side of the business. And collectively, it's working to allow us to gain share across Ulta Beauty. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Won't break out exact percentages. Again, to reiterate, it's in 200 stores. We're really pleased with it, a strong assortment across a number of the very best brands in luxury. Chanel, Dior, NATASHA DENONA, HOURGLASS, an extension of Chanel with Chanel Número Uno, Lancôme, Absolute, now Pat McGrath. A luxury fragrance business with brands like YSL and TOM FORD and Viktor&Rolf. So we won't get into exact percentages, but it is an important part of our overall strategy. We know there's growth in the luxury side of the business. We've been in luxury for a while, but now with this expanded presence, it is a contributor to our total comp. We're excited about the addition of Pat McGrath, and we'll continue to innovate and evolve and find ways to drive further growth down the road.  So yes, we think it's -- we know it's contributing to our growth, and we're excited about our guest response to an expanded luxury experience. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I'd say on makeup, the main driver is while our -- we're bringing a lot of innovation and newness across that prestige portfolio, lapping -- really, one of the biggest launches in the history of Ulta Beauty with Fenty, lapping that fully in the second quarter is probably the biggest driver. We're excited though as we look forward. I mentioned a few launches that we that we have coming out, Rabanne, Pat McGrath, Polite Society, among others that many of which are exclusive to Ulta Beauty and are coming into our business in the second half of the year. But we anticipate as we lap that launch. We'll continue to see pressure on prestige. Mass continues to drive growth behind great innovation, great engagement. And so we're pleased with the total makeup side of the business even as we address some of the pressure in lapping previous launches. In the skin care side, yes, we are -- we have somewhat lower share than we do in makeup, but our -- we have established over time a meaningful share position and the fact that we're able to continue to drive growth is, again, a testament to our model, our ability, the strength we have across price points. We're seeing strong healthy growth in both mass and prestige, really leaning into dermatologist recommended space, and believe that we can continue to drive growth going forward and continue to drive share. The category, we think, is healthy. As I said, with the total beauty category, we do anticipate some moderation. It's unlikely to see double-digit growth forever, but we're leaning in. We've got a great skin business. Our merchants continue to bring strong innovation. Our store teams are doing a great job educating our guests, and we're delivering a lot of growth and we see more coming. 
David Kimbell: Great. Yes, I almost used your silence to answer any question that I wanted to [indiscernible] the earlier Kate, but glad you got back in the queue. We're excited. We -- I think what we did in the second quarter, what our teams did, our merchant marketing, digital, store teams, our go-to-market teams, really, we -- they are continually evaluating how we can get better and how we can elevate the impact, and the summer sale is an example of that. We had strong events, solid events that were delivering for years, but the team, through great consumer insights, continued understanding of guest behavior and full understanding of what unique strengths we bring to the table, reevaluated that. And we're pleased with the results of that event, the Big Summer Sale as well as, really, our entire promotional strategy. It was not a huge acceleration in promotional intensity as much as a smarter strategy, and it worked. Our guests engaged, we attracted new members, it delivered strong comp growth. We saw strength in both stores and on our e-commerce business traffic was healthy. So it's -- frankly, didn't surprise me because I know how the team continues to look for ways to elevate, and it's another example of great strategy leading to a strong execution.  As we look into the second half of the year, we're evaluating, as we always do, every aspect of our go-to-market strategy. We continue to evolve our efforts. We'll adapt competitive changes, consumer insights and make sure we're delivering at a high level. Sunday, Kate, starts 21 Days of Beauty, 1 of our biggest events of the year. And I think you'll see as that rolls out, a program that's been around for a while, continued innovation and ways to engage our guests in new ways, so we're excited to get that going. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Well, I'd say first of all, we're just pleased overall with the continued engagement that beauty enthusiasts are showing for this category. Coming out of the pandemic for these last a couple of years now, just a high level of engagement. You know how over the long term, last 50 years, this has been a strong growth -- consistently growing category because of the emotional connection that it plays in our guest lives, the importance it has and how they express themselves to the world, and that is more true now than ever. And some of the behaviors and engagement tools that emerge coming out of the pandemic continue to fuel the category. Strong innovation, strong connection through marketing and consumer tools and an increased understanding of the role of beauty to wellness and self-care.  So when we look at the consumer going forward, we remain confident in the long-term outlook for this category and the strength of the beauty enthusiast to fuel it going forward. As I mentioned in the -- in my comments, there's a lot of uncertainty, and there has been, frankly, for the last couple of years. But we look into the remainder of this year, we know we're lapping. We continue to lap strong growth. We've been on this strong category growth for a while now. We have more changes coming, including student loans. So we're cautious and certainly watching carefully how that evolves. Historically, it's been difficult to tease out any kind of economic or stimulus shift and how directly that impacts the category or our business, and our business and the category itself has been largely resilient. Not immune, but largely resilient. So when we look out, I guess I'd say we're optimistic but watching closely and carefully. Staying really close to our guests, understanding what's happening in their lives and what's influencing their decisions and making sure we're adapting.  Last thing I'd say, and I know I've said this many times, but our position, our unique model of having all price points and a really accessible experience, both in-store and online positions us well. So even if there's shifts, even if there are pressures on consumers, history says we are able to adapt, and I know that's the strategy that we're implementing to make sure we're here for our guests to deliver regardless of what goes on in the broader environment around them. 
David Kimbell: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today. I appreciate your interest and engagement in Ulta Beauty. I want to close by thanking all of our Ulta Beauty associates for their continued care for our guests while delivering another quarter of strong financial results. We look forward to speaking to all of you again when we report results for the third quarter on November 30.  Thanks again, and have a good evening. 
Scott Settersten: Sure, Chris. So yes, versus -- we did say, again, versus our expectations for the quarter, we're very happy with the overall financial results we were able to deliver. So breaking it down a little bit more, I'd say merchandise margin was better than what we expected, and so that speaks partially to the promotional lever that people are focused on here. So again, generally better than what we expected, so we can lean in and lean out. That's 1 of the great strengths of our business, being able to have real-time information and be able to take quick action and be agile. I'd say shrink generally directionally about the same as what we saw in the first quarter. As we look out to the rest of the year, we don't really -- we're not anticipating a significant turn and expectations there. We expect it to be tough the rest of the way. And we'll say maybe the fourth quarter may be slightly less negative than it was early part of the year because remember, last year in the fourth quarter was the first time we really called out and quantified what the shrink impact was, so we did have a little bit of a catch-up there. Over -- and then fixed -- store fixed costs we talked about, that was stronger than what we -- going in expectation because sales were a bit stronger than what we thought. And then channel mix overall helped us as well.  As we look to think about gross margin the second half of the year, I'd say the drivers, the headwinds are consistent with what we've seen in the first half of 2023. Again, we're taking a prudent approach as we always do with our guidance, and we'll work hard to do better than that. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So there was -- we -- third quarter last year is where we saw a significant step-up in the pricing increases across the portfolio, and really, the margin benefit started really rolling through in the second quarter and into the back half of the year. So this is really the toughest anniversary point in the year is ahead of us right now, and that's why we're calling out third quarter. Third quarter is kind of peak on a number of different fronts. Again, every year is a little unique, but the third quarter now, we've got a little bit of delays in some of our project work, which is shifting back some of our IT expense into the third quarter. And a lot of that flows through SG&A. So we'll see more pressure there than we saw earlier in the year, and then likewise, with gross margin. And a little -- and more moderate sales growth expectations, coupled with cycling over the margin benefits last year from the price increases step up in the back half of the year, putting more pressure on third quarter than maybe some would expect. But again, by the time we get in the fourth quarter and get back to focusing on sales in the holiday, we expect that to bounce back in a healthy manner. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We don't want to get into quantifying it specifically, Adrienne. But I'd say directionally, you're in the right zip code. So yes, on the SG&A side, that's roughly kind of the shift back into the third quarter on some of the IT spend. And yes, operating margin is going to be down meaningfully versus what we saw earlier this year, and that's going to result in negative EPS growth year-over-year for the third quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, and you're exactly right. We're not providing guidance for 2024 here today, but yes, investors should expect that we will cultivate, recoup benefits from the significant investments that we're making in our core systems year 20 -- '22 into '23 and that we're going to see benefits materialized in 2024 and beyond. Again, you've heard us talk about, these are major initiatives here that we expect to see dividends for a number of years into the future, but I would also caution investors just to be prepared. I mean there's -- we are in the business of growing Ulta Beauty for the long term, and so there's plenty of other great growth initiatives out there that we've got in the queue that we're ready to go tackle. As soon as we get through some of more of this, I'd call core transformation work here in '23 and early 2024. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So when we're talking -- again, this has been an evergreen topic, I think, with investors now for quite a while, pointing back to 2019. So the business is in a much different position today than it was back in 2019. Again, for those that have been following 2019, we had some major disruption in the middle of the year in the makeup category, unexpected deceleration there. There were channel mix headwinds that we were dealing with as a business. There was some investment in some international expansion that was causing some significant deleverage on the business. And so during the course of the pandemic some initiatives that have been started pre-pandemic but during the pandemic, we were able to take advantage of making sure that we fully leverage some of our cost optimization initiatives by way of EFG, and now continuous improvement initiatives layered on top of that. I would say the scale of the business, much larger today than it was back in 2019. So we're going to get the benefit of the fixed store cost leverage in the base business far and above what we were looking at pre-pandemic. Things around our capabilities like ship from store and BOPIS capabilities that really did not exist in any meaningful way back in 2019 that now you heard us say again today. 30% of those digital sales are being serviced out of our store fleet, so a much more efficient delivery to the consumer and a much better overall margin profile of those sales. Things like our credit card program, our Ulta Beauty and Target relationship, UB Media, new business for us, just really out of the starting gate here over the course of the last year, puts us in a much better position overall than we were back in those days.  So again, that's not promotion directly, but those -- all those elements play a role in gross margin and operating margin and expanding that over the course of time. So we feel confident that the promotion levels, again, they are going to moderate. We've been talking over the last couple of years that extraordinary environment that we saw in '21 and '22 was not sustainable for the long term. And that -- as people got back in the business and people were back in malls and other retail outlets that the promotion level was probably going to come back to us a little bit, and that's kind of how -- what we're seeing play out today.  So again, there's nothing unexpected here. It was in our forecast, our plans for the year. We're moderating and navigating our way through that in an effective manner, and again, nothing -- I don't think anything that should be overly concerning to investors. Again, we're confident that we're going to be able to manage our way through that with new capabilities, new lines of business, our loyalty program and CRM capabilities being much more mature today than they were back in the pre-pandemic days. So we're confident, we're going to be able to deliver healthy operating margins in that 14% to 15% range and a very moderate growth expectation of 3% to 5%. So feeling good about our position and where we're headed for the future. 
