Mary Dillon: Okay. Thank you, Scott. Before we begin the Q&A session, I'd like to just step back for a moment to recap our perspective on the quarter and our business model overall. As you've seen, we posted another double-digit top and bottom line quarter, far outpacing the result of any benchmark retailer. We achieved share gains across all categories, topped 25 million loyalty members, performed over 1.4 million beauty services, exceeded new store performance targets and accelerated growth in our highly incremental e-commerce business all while being less promotional than a year ago.  This is a competitive category and our consumer retail habits and expectations rapidly changing, of course, first, beauty has been an attractive category in which to compete and always will be, with over 70,000 physical points of distribution where guests can buy beauty in the U.S. as well as online retailers. This is not new, and we have never been complacent. Our rapid share gains, however, show that our guests love beauty at Ulta Beauty, but we don't rest on our laurels. We all know that shopping behaviors and expectations consumers have for retail are evolving rapidly, and we've been on that from the start. Our business model today and our continued focus on innovation in the areas that are relevant and differentiating to our guests provide me with the utmost confidence in our ability to gain share across multiple categories for many years to come.  A few points I'd like to reiterate. We have a unique model that encompasses more brands, categories and price points than anyone else. Our All Things Beauty positioning protects us from being too reliant on any one category. We're relevant to a large and diverse set of beauty enthusiasts, and we're increasingly focused on attracting growing demographic groups like teens, millennials and Latinas, who all overindex in beauty.  Our category is highly experiential, where the physical experience is welcome. In fact, 23 million of our guests shop only in our stores, and our new store openings continue to strengthen. Why? Our guests love to discover, explore and feel beauty. Also, our growing beauty services business must be experienced in store as well. But of course, a modern retailer also has to provide an exceptional digital experience from discovery to shopping, and we do that as well. And we will continue to invest in these areas, as evidenced by our e-commerce -- exceptional e-commerce growth.  And finally, we have a powerful and increasingly personalized loyalty program that our guests are highly engaged in. We're both driving our short-term performance and continuing to imagine and innovate for the future. We have many levers at our disposal. We have no blinders on, and we're playing offense to drive our performance and create long-term shareholder value with a balanced approach to driving sales and profits.  And now I'll turn it over to our conference call host to moderate the Q&A session. 
Mary Dillon: Maybe I'll start with the loyalty. Steph, thank you for the question. And no, I mean, really, what we're seeing is a very consistent profile. This is a profile, beauty enthusiasts, that cuts across a lot of different demographics, and we're seeing very similar type of new loyalty member. So they ramp up over time. They don't start out as engaged in our program as they become over time but we're seeing very stable metrics around spend per loyalty member, frequency of visits and that kind of -- those kind of metrics, so very consistent. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Simeon. I would say that really, nothing has changed in a lot of ways. This is a very competitive category. It really has been, I think, and it's really not new to us that we will see new competitors come in, loyalty programs, promotions, whatever. And if you look at it, we -- obviously, we are continuing to gain market share even in this very competitive industry. And I really think it's because the basic business model is working and we continue to invest in the areas that we think are going to differentiate us for the future that involve the guest experience, services, our omnichannel capability but, at its core, having great brands, new and exclusive and great brand launches that you can't get anywhere else and participating across categories. So I would say that as we think about it, playing our offense, continuing to really look at our new store productivity, which we're really proud about, our comp growth, our loyalty member growth, we feel that we're really in a great position and continue to lead. And we'll continue to focus on having the broadest assortment across all categories and price points. That's another part of our business model that frankly helps provide some great insulation for us; and invest in the differentiators that I've already mentioned. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. And then we'll cut right to the elephant in the room, I like that. I'm kidding. But to pick up on the second part of your question. Here is what I'd say. First of all, our brand partnerships are stronger than ever. I feel very confident about the relationship that we're building with many brand partners across the spectrum in the beauty industry, proud of how our team is a valued partner. And we've got access to an increasing number of exciting brands that we've talked about and that -- we'll take that for granted, okay. So first of all, I will start with that. Secondly, I can't really speak on behalf of brands, and I generally think most prestige brands aren't that interested in that platform. But having said that, listen, it's not unusual for us to have competitors that carry some of the brands that we carry. So for example, that platform in Seattle already carry some of the brands that we carry, a few examples, Mario Badescu, Butter London, Stila. These are some brands that are sold there as well and sold at Ulta Beauty, and they're growing like crazy for us, right. So it's really not that uncommon to have some of that kind of competitive overlap. We don't have blinders on about this, but I would say at the end of the day, it's really about how we bring it all together. So what do we offer to our brand partners really the true -- a true beauty experience, right, from the experiential part of -- that a guest could have in store to try and play and explore all the way through a great online experience. So for us, it's about -- and one we offer to the guests. You can't get this anywhere else, the categories, brands, price points, the experience in the store. So I guess to answer your question that kind of relates to Simeon's as well, it's really about we just play our offense. We're very focused on the beauty enthusiasts. We think we understand her really well for shopping needs and what she wants in terms of an in-store experience as well as online as well as offerings -- or service offerings. And of course, it all gets wrapped together with an industry-leading loyalty program. So we understand those guests better than anybody else, and she loves our loyalty program. So there's great incentive for her to give us her purchases both in-store and online increasingly to get her loyalty points. So that's how we look at it. 
Mary Dillon: Well, certainly, our lead hypothesis on why we saw productivity continues to increase is exactly that. We have -- that was one of the effects. We have better brand awareness so every new store that opens, there's folks who'd know more about Ulta Beauty. I would also say we're doing a really great job on not only real estate selections but the grand openings. We've strengthened the tools that we used to drive awareness and guests into the stores initially. Our store teams are doing a fantastic job of converting folks early on into the loyalty program. So all those components together are really helping us to improve our new store productivity. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I don't think we'll quantify the exact amount but I would say a big picture -- I think this is probably pretty obvious. We're running this business for long-term shareholder returns, and you have choices, I think, you can make all the time. So at a time that we are -- continually have very strong share gains, I'd say the philosophy is we don't really need to go buy comp. And so we chose to end the quarter with less versus more promotion year-over-year. We had a very healthy comp with less promotion year-over-year. And so that, to me, was obviously the right decision. I feel very good about -- and it's a little tempting to want to drive it up above a 12, but it just wouldn't have been the right thing for us to do frankly. So I feel good about that and, I think as we look at our second half plans, feel very confident about the pipeline of newness and promotions that we have coming. So I would say that it's just really the situational decision that we all think was right. 
Mary Dillon: Well, let me start with the 21 Days Of Beauty. I just want to make a comment and then I'll turn it to Dave to give us some more color on that. But for us, it's not really new that there's promotion happening even in department store channels, although some might have been more aggressive. We definitely did not need to directly respond to it. As I said a couple of times, we gained significant market share in prestige while the rest of retail was negative. So I feel very good that, that proves our -- the reliance -- or I'm sorry, the resilience of our strength of our business model. 21 Days Of Beauty, why don't you... 
Mary Dillon: I'll start with holiday. I guess it's an interesting question. We look at holiday every year as the most promotional time of the year, right. Everybody is planning to win at holiday. And so I feel really confident that we've got a great lineup of plans, basically, whether it's product offerings, exclusives or marketing, advertising, merchandising. And the fact that our team does a great job of integrating all of those together year after year to make it even stronger. So it's -- we obviously keep up -- I mean, it's a quarter you're watching every day, and every segment of the quarter is different, right. So we'll be all over that but I feel like we're well situated or well poised to have a great holiday and expect it to be promotional. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Well, I'll start with the first question, which is, it definitely was a quarter where we saw strong growth in all the categories we participate in. So color cosmetics. We saw comps accelerate in skincare, both mass and prestige, haircare, fragrance, bath. So that great benefit of our business model is that we're in every category. We actually are driving. We think we're really focused on some of these categories and helping to drive the growth. We also gained market share across all the categories. But color cosmetics was softer than it's been for the industry, right. People talked about this already, but prestige comp comped well above our house. So we have some brands that we have very strong growth happening from and others that maybe were lapping newness and didn't do it as well as before, same thing in mask. So as we look at what's coming down the pipe for the second half of the year in terms of innovation and newness, we felt very good about it. So again, it wasn't a competitive issue. We gained share but there was -- that segment of total beauty was a little bit softer than it's been. We're lapping over big units from last year platforms, like liquid lip and contouring and some makeup palettes by some influencers. So that's all that. But bottom line, I feel really good -- I know Dave does as well, about the pipeline of brands that we have coming and roll-outs and the unique -- the fact that we participate across the different categories. 
Mary Dillon: I'd like to thank our 35,000 associates for their passion and commitment that continue to drive some of the best results across all of retail. We look forward to continuing the strong performance in the back half of 2017 and beyond. We thank you for your interest in Ulta Beauty and look forward to speaking with all of you soon. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the boutiques are concerned, we don't get into a lot of details around that for competitive reasons, but I would say the third quarter each year is kind of the peak area where we see expense challenge in the P&L and it's primarily -- some of it is write-offs that we accelerate, right, from the existing store, fixturing and things that we have to remove in order to put those new boutiques into service. But the real incremental cost of the business in the early days is the labor piece of the equation. So we've been under that SG&A line on our P&L. There's been a fairly significant deleveraging of store payroll over the course of the last, call it, 6 quarters. It's kind of peaking now in the third quarter of 2017 just because of the multiple years now that we're kind of stacking on top of each other with the boutique additions. But again, over the long term, this is going to drive huge sales and margin dollars for the company. These our brands that our guests want and have wanted for a long period of time. So it's definitely the best decision for our investors for the long term. 
Scott Settersten: So I'll start with the operating margin targets. So Brian, again, at this point, we're still very comfortable with our mid-teens target, the same target we've been talking about now for some time. Again, as a reminder for everyone, we're not counting on product margins or merchandise margins to drive us, right, to deliver us to mid-teens. A lot of the benefits that we expect to get us there is coming out of fixed store cost leverage. Again, as the fleet continues to mature, we get a lot more leverage out of those mature stores. In the near term with the boutique investments, we've decided that we're willing to hold back a little bit on the rate in the near term to help those stores drive even higher sales levels over the long term, which should give us additional leverage in those stores and help us on that line. In addition, in fixed store cost leverage, we've talked about supply chain investments. So this is kind of a multiyear initiative here. And again, we're seeing the green shoots of more productivity both in the distribution centers themselves. Mary just called that out, right, over much better productivity here in the most recent quarter with the e-comm flow-through on the orders and also a lot of the merchandise infrastructure that we've been setting up behind the scenes to help us better manage our inventory flow. So again, operating efficiencies throughout the supply chain network and just improving our inventory productivity overall will help us get to that mid-teens target. 
Scott Settersten: And we've seen some acceleration over the course of the last couple of years. And again, this doesn't happen in a vacuum. When you do, your marketing is better and more on point and your assortments continue to improve and you've got -- making good real estate decisions. All of these things kind of work in concert to help drive those results. So as far as the waterfall is concerned, it's intact. It's healthy. We just want to keep an eye on that and kind of see itself prove out over a couple of cycles here before we formally, right, make any modifications to our new store model. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the credit card question is concerned, it's a little difficult to kind of project exactly when the headwind might fall away a little bit. I mean, I would just draw attention to last year, what we did. So again, we're always trying to optimize the business quarter-to-quarter as best we can. So last year, when the credit card went live, there was a significant step-up in discounting activity, right. There was a 20% off your initial purchase under the credit card. But while doing that, we pulled back significantly on other parts of our promotional kind of tray. So we try to optimize that. And last year, merchandise margins were flattish to up slightly, I guess, I would say, in the third quarter, right. So now we're lapping that this year. So we just got to keep in mind what the sales balance is and what the margin opportunity might be. So our merchant teams work really hard with us with our analytical support group just to make sure that we've got that in balance and that we're meeting our targets for the year. So again, as we look to the back half of the year, we'll optimize that as best we can, and we're on target to deliver our 20 to 30 basis points of operating margin leverage. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as, I guess, P&L line drivers, right, Jason, just directional. So we said for the third quarter, gross profit, slight deleverage; and SG&A, flattish. I mean, the biggest driver is the preopening expense deleverage year-over-year, which again, I want to make people understand that's a good thing, right. I mean, it's a near-term headwind for us, but we're pulling stores forward, right, from where we had planned earlier in the year. And so those stores will get open sooner. They'll start generating profits quicker, and they'll help our store teams be more prepared going into holiday. It helps a litany of things, shrink among many other things that we deal with day to day. So that's a good investment from an investor perspective. As I look out to the fourth quarter, we'll get gross profit back in line. We'll see -- directionally, again, we should see some expansion there as we cycle through the heavy investments in the third quarter with boutiques and new stores and the retail labor payroll I called out earlier. And then we should leverage a little bit on SG&A line as well. So again, I'll let you guys do the detailed math on this one, but that gets you 20 to 30 bps of expansion on operating margin for the full year. 
Scott Settersten: That's always our mantra, trying to be optimistic but realistic at the same time. So I think I've said many times before -- I mean, the overperformance we've seen here over the last, call it, 2 to 3 years, a lot of it has been the newness and how it's performed way above expectations, right. So I mean, you can't continue to bat 1.000 every quarter with new product roll-out. So we saw a little bit more volatility, I guess, right. So it's not any one thing that you can point your finger at. The category, in general, was very healthy. So we're very optimistic. Again, Mary mentioned newness is on a great pipeline of things coming in the third quarter that has us feel really positive about the business. But I would say just be a little bit more conservative on what you think what the upside could be on top of what we're guiding at this point. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Well, I guess they would start with -- it's always a pragmatic approach, right. We look -- every quarter is a unique set of challenges and opportunities. We go into it. I mean, the one thing that we really have as an asset is our nimble ability, right, to flex with the situation. So our advertising, planning, marketing, merchandising, all the different aspects of our business are able to turn much more quickly than a lot of people are. So we're able to navigate difficult situations more easily than some. So as far as the discounting or the clearance win in the second quarter last year, we had great tailwinds. We looked at our business. We had things coming in the third quarter. We said, "Let's be more aggressive with our markdowns and try to move out of some of these products quicker than we normally would." Again, remember, 10,000 square feet, we've got space. We've got very disciplined management techniques on how to mark product down to make sure we optimize the gross margin outcomes there. So last year, we got a little more aggressive. That doesn't happen every quarter, right. We usually do a clearance event in the second quarter and then kind of at the end of the year. So that, I wouldn't say, is something that's going to be repeatable here over the next quarter or 2. As far as gross -- go ahead. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So in the third quarter, I think I mentioned slight deleverage in the third quarter largely because a lot of the new store load, right, fixed store costs. I'm not going to get as much leverage there as I typically do because some of the higher cost stores we're opening in there and some of the other -- the pull forward things that we have flowing into the third quarter now. When we get to fourth quarter, I think we'll see expansion on the gross profit line because we will have cycled through the peak expense load and the P&L for the boutique additions and the new store additions and some of the labor things I already mentioned. And then we will get more efficiencies in the supply chain. Distribution centers are now primed, right, for holiday season, where we can push through a lot more e-commerce volume than we ever had before in a much more profitable fashion. 
Scott Settersten: Well, I think it's more a fact of what happened last year. I mean, it was always in the guidance, right. I mean, again, the levers we look at over the course of 3 months, you're planning and strategizing about how you're going to deliver the numbers, right. And what's necessary and what you think you -- what you would like to do to land the plane, so to speak. So last year, we pulled the lever then said, "Let's be opportunistic here and take advantage of the situation." This year, we looked at it. Again, we knew we were up against it over the last couple of weeks of the quarter. We looked at the comp target and we said, "You know what, it's not worthwhile." That's not a wise decision. We're going to -- we're playing for the long term. So we don't want to get into chasing these comps in the rest of the year. So that was... 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So let me start. So the long-term guidance is actually 7% to 9, right. And we said heavier in the near term, moderating more as we get down the path. So I mean, sitting here today, we're looking at opportunity for market share gains. We're looking at all the levers we have internally with loyalty and credit card, assortment kind of things that we can expand in the future, just overall awareness of the Ulta Beauty brand, real estate opportunities like Manhattan and other places that we've never done business before. So again, I don't want to seem too optimistic, but we think there's plenty of room to continue to drive very healthy comps for the foreseeable future. 
David Kimbell: Yes, 21 Days of Beauty, one of our signature events, coming up actually in just couple of weeks. We do that every third quarter. We have seen strengthening performance of that event each -- every one that we've done for the last several -- and the things that have been driving is just stronger brand participation. The core idea of that program is very strategic, and it's really to help our brands, our key prestige brands get introduced, in many cases, to customers that haven't been buying them. So it is a migration strategy that our brands have embraced, that we embrace, that helps drive our customers to experience new brands and new parts of our store. It's a big part of our overall share of wallet strategy. It's to get every customer buying both mass and prestige and multiple hair -- multiple categories throughout the store. So it has been working. As far as this one, we aren't very excited about it, not really going to share yet, for competitive reasons, any specific offers. But I'd say we feel that we've got a very robust collection. We've enhanced the marketing of the program. We have new television coming on air. We've got strong radio, strong digital activity. And our guests, I think, are pretty primed forward already, and we're excited that that's coming in just a couple of weeks. 
David Kimbell: Yes. It has performed very well, both online and in-store. We're really pleased with the results. And we believe very strongly that it's incremental. You know, it's early, but we're quite confident. In fact, we see that really across many, if not most, of the brands we bring in, particularly large, established brands like MAC, Clinique, Lancôme, as we see continue to roll those brands out, we see a high level of incrementality across the whole stores. So we're confident it's going to be there. We're still early. We're just at the early part of our roll-out, but we're seeing some strength. And an important part of that is it's certainly the product sales, but also, as Mary mentioned, the service component to it add in a greater sophistication of makeup service in our store through MAC, has been very, very well received from our guests, and that just adds to more the experiential component of our stores and those that it's rolled out to. So we're excited about that as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I'll start. The -- I think the integration of physical, digital, mobile is really essential to our strategy. In fact, Mary mentioned that in her remarks, and it's really a key part of our long-term -- short-term, long-term differentiation strategy. The physical experience, the human component to it, the idea of having a beauty destination that our beauty enthusiast guests can come in and touch and feel and smell and be immersed in beauty is exciting to her, and that's what she looks forward to when she comes to our stores. At the same time, we're building out all of our digital and mobile efforts. You heard some of the growth that we've seen in all of our mobile engagement. That is clearly the dominant interaction point that our guests has outside of our stores. It's growing in ways not only to help drive online sales but perhaps even more importantly to drive in-store sales. She's using it to check out her points, to understand about new products that have been ordered, to use our new service, like GLAM LAB. So it's an experiential extension of our store, and it's really working well to integrate. And so many of the infrastructure investments that we're making, perhaps most importantly, the DC expansions are just enhancing our capability to service our guests better. Greenwood and Dallas have already allowed us to increase the speed in which we're delivering and the efficiency in which we're doing it, the cost of which we're doing it. And as soon as we open Fresno next year, that's going to particularly help the West Coast to speed up deliveries there. So all these investments will make our outside-of-store experience even stronger at the same time we're integrating and increasing our in-store experience. 
David Kimbell: We have a real pipeline of ideas. We're continuing to find ways to innovate within our store experience. Mary talked about one that's in test right now that we plan to roll out, which is store to door, the ability to -- when an item either is out of stock or perhaps not available in that store at that moment, to have it shipped directly to your home. And so items like that are a big part of our experience. We'll be testing in-store, virtual try-on capabilities in many of our stores coming up later this year. So yes, we have a -- we see that as a big part of our overall strategy, integrating online, offline and making that even easier for her going forward, so very much so. 
