David Kimbell: Great. Thanks, Steve. Yes, as I said in the remarks, our loyalty program, our membership is vital and critical to our long-term success and one that we're extremely proud of what we've built the relationship that we have with our guests. Yes, I guess, a few things that I'd call out. Naturally, our longer tenured. You get -- if you're tenured 3-plus years, we see kind of a higher level of retention, higher level of engagement that tends to grow over time. Greater percentage of our guests, the longer they're here, move into our higher levels, platinum and diamond levels. So naturally, with that tenure comes greater engagement. And as I mentioned, one of the drivers of our third quarter growth, 9% growth in our total membership was healthy retention and it's been a big focus for our entire team. Our loyalty team, our store teams, our digital, everybody that participates into delivering a great experience. So that's key and really job one is engaging and retaining our existing guests. Our newer members that we acquire in stores, online and increasingly with our partnership with Target play an important role. Their spend per member makes sense. It's on average lower, and we work hard to get them into the full Ulta Beauty experience. Often they enter into one category or one experience. They might come in store, we try to move them online. They might come in to makeup, we try to move them into skincare, get them into services. We have a full suite of activities and experiences designed to engage our new members through -- and including their what we call their sophomore year, their second year with us, which is important pivot year into long-term retention. So we look across all spectrum, what we're excited about now and encouraged by is we're seeing strength across all sectors, all income demographics, all geographies. We have a healthy member base. That's what's driving the 9% growth in our loyalty and of course that, in turn, played a big role in the sales performance we had in the third quarter. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We're certainly watching, monitoring, tracking all competitive activity across the landscape. And as I've said before, our focus continues to really be on offense for us to really leverage what we do best, the unique differentiated model we have. Nobody does what Ulta Beauty does. So our competitive strategy is to lead and to drive our business forward. Having said that, we are watching, there are changes. When stores, competitive stores open, depending on the circumstances, the situation, we can see a relatively minor impact. Typically, over time, our business sustains and recovers any short-term impact. So we're confident. And again, our focus is on delivering what our experience is. What we found over time is doing that allows us to continue to find growth and deliver an experience that our guest continues to want to find at Ulta Beauty. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I guess we'd say for holiday, a little early to know exactly. I mean we're right in the middle of the battle here, I guess, with our biggest weeks of the holiday period still ahead of us. And we know we've been -- I think we shared this at our last call and really any time we're talking about holiday. Holiday is a more promotional period. The November, December period is different than the other 10 months of the year because the gifting aspects, the idea that we're not just competing with beauty, we're competing with other gift categories across retail. The landscape, it's hard for us to judge midstream exactly. What we've been delivering is an aggressive promotional, but not wildly different than what we've done in the past. So we've seen consistency there. So far, we're really encouraged by what we're seeing, feeling like Ulta Beauty is well positioned and competing effectively, but we're also monitoring, tracking and ensuring that we close out this next, I guess, 24, 25 days with excellence as we complete the holiday and that's our focus going forward. 
David Kimbell: Well, what I will say is, first on the third quarter, we saw a strong growth throughout the quarter, although October was modestly -- decelerated modestly, but still double-digit growth in each period of the quarter. As is suggested in our 6% to 8% guidance for the fourth quarter, we're anticipating deceleration from what we saw in the third quarter and really throughout the year. And we've been kind of anticipating this all year as we -- our comps are strong. And again, we're in a different type of period in holiday. We're not going to get into specific week-by-week replay yet. We'll -- as I said, we're right in the middle of it. We've got big weeks ahead of us. We'll obviously share, when we share our fourth quarter results, all the details. But what I will say is, again, reflected in the 6% to 8% is an anticipated healthy growth, but not to the level of what we saw in the third quarter, and we're encouraged by what we're seeing so far in the holiday period, knowing that there's a lot of ground still to cover as we complete holiday. And January is a big important period for us as well. So still a lot ahead of us, but encouraged by what we're seeing so far. 
David Kimbell: And on your question about Canada and international, as you stated, we obviously stopped that early in the pandemic. Right now, we have no plans, consistent with what we shared at our Analyst Day. No plans to expand internationally at this time, although we are always looking for opportunities to find new growth potential. And so in our future at some point, that's possible, but nothing in our immediate plans for sure. 
David Kimbell: Well, I'll start with saying, yes, we're really encouraged by what we saw in the third quarter. And really, we've seen this trend for the first 3 quarters, a strong growth across all categories, which is obviously a great place to be. The strength we're seeing in our business is not outweighted by one specific category. It's balanced across our portfolio. And it's because we've -- our team across both merchandising, marketing, our stores have done a great job engaging our guests in our entire assortment. And so we're excited and encouraged to see strength across -- double-digit growth across all key categories. Each one has unique stories, makeup driven by this increased engagement in social activities, plus strong product trends that are highlighted through social media and new product growth that a spectrum of newness that's really working. So a collection of activity that's coming together, both product newness, marketing newness and engagement opportunities. Skincare continued strength by both science-backed, clinically proven dermatologists recommended solutions. So that engagement that many people elevated through the pandemic has sustained. It's actually our fastest-growing category in the third quarter. Haircare, we've been driving that growth as a leader in haircare and strong trends, a healthy portfolio of newness that continues to drive great engagement. And then really all year, pleased with fragrance and bath. As I look in the innovation and engagement, I mentioned Gen Z being a part of that and really the whole portfolio working quite well across that important category. As we look in the fourth quarter, again, not getting in -- we won't get into any specifics right now. We're in the middle of holiday. And so there's a lot to cover. I wouldn't say there's anything jumping out uniquely for any category from a promotional standpoint. And we come in really with a focus in the fourth quarter of what we call gifting and glamming. And the gifting component is a mix of holiday-specific, but core items that serve all year long, and the team has done a nice job with a balance there. So we feel great about our assortment. It's -- again, we're encouraged by what we're seeing to this point in the holiday and confident that we'll be able to deliver a strong holiday across all of our categories. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So just on the broader idea of newness, it's important to our business and the beauty category always. And as I mentioned in our remarks, typically 20% to 30% of sales are new items, and that's the range that we will land this year and anticipate we'll be able to continue to be in that range going forward. As I -- we did -- Scott mentioned, we had some really important new brands in 2022. But we're excited and encouraged by the outlook. This category, both big brands like some mentioned, but also new and emerging brands that take off and connect. I mentioned a couple of those like Good Molecules, among others. So we've got a portfolio of brands as we look forward into next year and confident about newness, both new brands and newness from our existing brands. That plays a big role. And as we work with all of them and see their pipeline, we're encouraged by what we're seeing. The trends are strong across each of the categories. And we're seeing healthy growth. And we think newness will play an important part in that going forward, knowing that we've got some of these big brands that Scott mentioned earlier to launch or to lap. As it relates to the mass and prestige, we did see mass growing somewhat faster than prestige. But both sides were strong and healthy. So I wouldn't say the strength in mass or the somewhat higher growth in mass as we look at it and do -- and analyze our members didn't come at the expense of prestige. It just a came because mass is strong and there's good newness brands like e.l.f., NYX, Ordinary, La Roche-Posay [indiscernible] strong newness and engagement. And so they're just capturing and growing. But prestige is doing really well, too. So I don't look at them being a little bit higher than prestige as coming at the expense of just their -- several of these brands and some of our bigger brands are hitting the mark and that's working. All of our analysis suggests that we have not seen clear	 signs of trade down. But I'd reinforce, if there is that, we are uniquely positioned to deliver and support our guests regardless of what choices they make from a price point. 
David Kimbell: All right. With that, I'm going to wrap it up. And I want to first thank you. Thank you for your interest and engagement in Ulta Beauty. And I want to close by thanking our more than 40,000 Ulta Beauty associates for delivering another excellent quarter while also executing against our strategic priorities. Our teams have been working hard to get our stores, digital channels and DCs ready for this holiday season, and I sincerely appreciate their focus and commitment to delivering meaningful guest experiences across every single touch point. We hope you all have a happy and healthy holiday season, and we look forward to speaking to all of you again in early March when we report results for fiscal 2022 and share our plans for fiscal 2023. Have a great evening, everybody. Thanks again. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So I'll start. So the first part of your question, yes, it's an accounting recognition of how the debits and credits flow through the P&L, Adrienne. So there's really nothing related to the vendor choices or how we work or execute any of those kinds of things. It's just accounting convention, matching up expense with income when it's incremental expenses related to these marketing activities and then the rest of it kind of rolls through the gross margin through our inventory accounting. 
Scott Settersten: I appreciate your question, Michael. Yes, and I understand. But we can't -- we're not going to piecemeal out the bits and pieces of the variables and the formula for our EBIT margin for next year. It's just -- it's too hard, and that's why we said we would -- we'll update in March if it's appropriate, okay? And we kind of see how 2022 shakes out here in totality. And then look at our '23 plan, which we're in the heat of battle on right now, finalizing here, which the final step of that is as we get finalized through the holiday season, so to see what the numbers look like. So we either -- as I've laid out for Ike here a little bit earlier in the call, all the different variables and of course, they're all on wide continuums, right? And so we're doing our best to assess each one of those. And coming up with our best idea of how we think it's going to shake out for next year. Again, we're very optimistic about the long-term options for our business. I mean we're in a great position. We've got lots of levers to push and pull, to deliver healthy operating margins over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, Michael. So working backwards. So the shrink part of your question, I mean, shrink when you think about our category, we are especially susceptible to some of the trends that you see across retail. But that's not new to us. We've been dealing with this since the very early days because of the category we operate in. So I want to make sure I say thank you to our teams, to our LP teams, our store operations teams and all the support personnel that have been working hard to try to mitigate the losses that we've seen step up here, accelerate over the last couple of years. Again, when times get tough, shrink goes up. We've seen that in retail over a long period of time. On the incentive compensation, I would say, we -- for the year, it's going to be flattish versus 2021. Again, our performance has been super strong this year. And then back to the operating margin question, which everyone has, again, we really can't provide any more quantitative detail at this point in time. I would just point back to the long laundry list of different variables that I described earlier in the call. And just that we're a pragmatic team. We're trying to optimize with all the things that we have, the challenges and the opportunities, we're going to do our best to lean in where we can and try to optimize and deliver the best overall financial performance that we're capable of, whether it's the fourth quarter or 2023. You can rely on us for that. 
