David Kimbell: Great. Dana, thanks for the question. And yes, certainly, we are tracking and monitoring closely the inflationary environment, and we understand the unique dynamics that we're facing. We recognize consumers are going to be facing headwinds from rising prices and other dynamics. I will say that as we look at the beauty category, even with these headwinds, we remain positive. The category is healthy. It is growing. It's emotionally important and connected to our consumers. We are in the midst, even as we face some of these inflationary pressures, that we're in the midst of opening of the economy, of the world around us, which is beneficial. We know consumers are working to maintain their self-care routine. And so despite the headwinds, we think the category is well positioned. And then uniquely, Ulta is well positioned because of our model. The fact that we are across all price points, all categories, mass, prestige, we are able to adjust and reflect evolving consumer needs as the world around us changes. Pricing has -- every year, there's pricing. Certainly, over the last few months, we've seen some pricing action in -- from some of our brands. A reminder, in our prestige side of the business, it tends to be MSRP. And so we're -- we would be reflective of where the broader market is going. But it hasn't been an extraordinary amount of price increase yet. And any benefit of that is certainly reflected in our guidance going forward. But as cost pressures increase, both on our business and our brand partners' business, we'll be clearly tracking this closely and making sure we're adjusting appropriately as we manage through the year. 
David Kimbell: Great. Well, we are incredibly proud of our loyalty program. We have been for a long time. And I'm really, really pleased with the results that the team delivered in 2021 to reach a record level of 37 million active members, which is not only 13% ahead of 2020, but 6% ahead of 2019. So our guests are highly engaged. Reactivation rates and retention rates are very strong. We did see an increase in spend per member, which we're encouraged by. And that's driven by a number of factors as we continue to optimize the way we're engaging, leveraging our personalization efforts, providing more relevant, appropriate messages to our guests brought through our CRM capability. We've seen a category mix change. We've talked consistently through the year about the growth of fragrance. Some other like tools in our hair tools, some higher ticket items that have been driving very strong growth ahead of the total store. And so that's contributing to it. And I'd just say an overall connection to Ulta Beauty. I mentioned just the high level of unaided awareness, the strong emotional connection that we're building is driving greater share of wallet. And our efforts going forward will continue to drive that. As I look at the broader marketplace and share of wallet, and yes, there is expanded points of distribution on the prestige side of business, part of which is Ulta Beauty, both in our own stores and our partnership with Target. And I'm really pleased that in the fourth quarter, we gained share when we look across all of our points of distribution, including Target, despite hundreds of more new locations, competitive locations. So we're confident. We think we've got the right model, strong competitive position, most importantly, deep connection to our guests that's demonstrating stronger loyalty to Ulta Beauty. And we're going to leverage that to continue to drive growth and share growth into 2022. 
David Kimbell: Great. Thanks, Oliver. Yes, there are some important topics in your questions. First, makeup, we are confident in the path ahead of makeup. And yes, and I'd say as we reflect back on the year, there were certainly some ups and downs. And what we continue to see is makeup, more than any other category, is sensitive to COVID fluctuations. And we saw that in the fourth quarter with Omicron and Delta and continued challenges there. But as I look forward on makeup, there are so many things that continue to encourage us. And we've seen some of these trends for a little while, but we've also -- as soon as we get momentum, we see some setbacks related to COVID. But broad macro trends of opening up and more opportunity for consumers to get back in the world, you know you're seeing it in back to work. We're seeing just a rapid acceleration in that. Events, activities, those things people getting out of their house are all exceptionally positive for the total category. We know all along that consumers have been passionate about makeup. Just there are opportunities -- their usage of opportunities have been more limited, but we see the passion in social media. The engagement continues to be high in all -- in TikTok and in Instagram and all other forms. So we know the connection is there. We know the opportunities are coming. We know there's important trends like the duality of natural looks and bolder looks, increased focus around eye and brow that even a resurgence of contouring, all these things are positive. And then you layer in for us our -- the outstanding work our merchandising team has done to continue to evolve our assortment. You -- I mentioned the launch of Fenty Beauty, which is just a really important step in our continued connection with our guests, and that is off to a very strong start. Launch of Chanel on the luxury side to tap into a new opportunity there. We have expansion in MAC, which is going quite well. And then a number of great brands. We're seeing innovation. I'll give you a couple of examples on MAC, a M·A·CStack Mascara that has 1 formula in 2 wands for both volume and precision. We've got a NYX Line Loud lip liner that's exclusive to Ulta Beauty that's performing well. We've got Morphe X Lucky Charms that's getting exclusive and driving engagement. And we've got Treslúce by Becky G, which is a Mexican-American Singer celebrating her Latin root. So we have exclusivity, newness. We've big brands, emerging brands. And it ties to your last point, your question about BIPOC. We see success by these brands thriving. We're not here just to get these brands on the shelf. It's one thing to arrive on our shelves, it's another thing to thrive. And that's how we're measuring success. We want these brands to be -- perform well, to grow, to have great opportunities [indiscernible]. And that's how we're measuring it. And that's how I'd suggest you look at it. We're doing this to drive engagement with our, we're seeing it for our brands. So we're optimistic about beauty, about makeup. And BIPOC will be one of the elements that will help us drive growth going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. What I will say, we won't get into like every period throughout the quarter. But for sure, what we see on makeup is a -- as anxiety around COVID has increased, has fluctuated through the last 2 years, we do see more pressure on makeup. And -- but now across the country, as more and more people both -- yes, some parts of the country have been more open than others, but there still has been a consumer concern, even as elements are open, that is easing right now across all parts of the country. And so that's encouraging to us. And that's what we think we need is more ongoing, consistent confidence to be back into work, be back at various activities and events. And as we see that, we know that's an element. It's not the only thing, but it's an important element to make up success going forward. 
David Kimbell: Thank you for modeling the one question rule, Anthony. I appreciate that. And yes, we are thrilled with Fenty. It is in all stores. It is online. It is -- if you have a chance to go into any Ulta Beauty store, you'll see it right at the front of the store. In most of our stores right at the front, it has an entire the 18-foot run and an end cap broad assortment featuring Fenty among other things is known for the breadth of assortment in [ beige ] in particular. So you'll see that being able to test and try items. So -- and then strong, strong presence online. In fact, we really found some unique ways in our online footprint to bring that brand to life and communicate to our guests. And so off to a great start, really pleased with it. Really glad that Kendo organization has partnered with us in many ways and see this as a key part of our success going forward. I'm thrilled to have Rihanna and Fenty as part of the Ulta Beauty family for a long time to come. 
David Kimbell: All right. Awesome. Thank you all for joining us today. Really appreciate it. In closing, I want to thank, again, our 40,000 associates for delivering a simply outstanding 2021 and with a relentless commitment to our guests, to each other and to moving our business forward. We all look forward to speaking to all of you again in May when we report our first quarter results. I hope you have a great evening. Thanks again for joining. 
