Scott Settersten: Sure, Brian. So I guess on the gross margin line, we would expect a bit of a pivot here as we look ahead to the second half of the year. So the third quarter, I think you'll probably well remember we're going to be anniversarying over some hurricane activity last year. So we had some pretty significant, what I would say, merchandise margin investments in late last year to try to mitigate against some of the sales softness that we saw as part of the hurricane impact. So we'll be lapping that, so we feel good about where we are. So I think you would expect to see gross margin above -- show good leverage above the accounting change impact that we saw here, that 20 basis points in the first half of the year. So I guess that would be the first thing I would say. On the SG&A side, more deleveraged than we saw on the first half of the year. So I think that's where you'll find equilibrium there for the back half. So we've got some projects again. Some things we're doing for the first time, some of these new technologies that we're implementing across the business. So some of our initial time lines were just a little bit slower, off the line, I guess I would say on that, but we feel good about. We're going to get everything completed in the second half of the year and position ourselves well for 2019 and beyond. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so a little more clarification on that. I mean, typically, the third quarter is the toughest for us on a margin expansion kind of quest over the long term. So you got peak new store implementation, you got peak boutique and labor component with that implementation in the third quarter. This year, on top of that, you've got the Fresno DC, which is at peak deleverage in the P&L there, as that kind of gets off the starting line, so to speak. So there's a lot of things at the core that kind of pile up in the third quarter that make it a challenge for us. And then in addition to that, we laid out earlier in the year some of the incremental investments that we have, right, as part of the tax reform work in our business. So a lot of those projects, the test and learns and other things that we have queued up, are just taking a little bit longer to get implemented than we initially thought earlier in the year. So again, the majority of that falls into the third quarter. So when we're talking about shifting of expenses, that's a big piece of it as well. And then advertising and marketing is a little bit more on top of that. So with the new advertising launch here in the fall, we move some of the spending from the first half of the year into the second. So again, just trying to take advantage of making sure we're optimizing from all focus points. So third quarter, you're going to see more deleverage on the SG&A line than maybe we were thinking last quarter when we spoke with you. But again, as we roll it forward through the fourth quarter, with sales, Fresno up and running, working towards, as Mary mentioned, a quicker ramp than we've seen in the past, we expect a lot of that to moderate in the fourth quarter. So again, for the full year, we're right on target with our 50 to 70 basis points of deleverage on the operating margin line, and then feel like we're really in a good spot setting ourselves up well for 2019 and beyond. 
Scott Settersten: No, I wouldn't say there's an acceleration. I'd say overall, we're very happy with the performance of those boutique brands. Again, they're a big contributor to our comp performance here in recent quarters. Again, everything's got to stay in balance, right? So very happy with the top line performance of those boutiques and our investments there, but it does create a little bit of a headwind, as we've discussed in the past, on the margin rate line. So again, trying to balance it all for an optimized result overall. So I wouldn't call it an acceleration. Although I would point out this year, Mary mentioned the new stores, so we did kind of sequence our field construction program a little differently this year. We pulled ahead, I guess, the new store rollouts. So we're further ahead on new store week, so that's a good thing. Getting those stores open further in advance of the holiday season, so the store teams are more seasoned and ready to go. We think that's going to be a benefit. And some of the new boutique installs are kind of dragging later in the year than they have the last couple of years. So again, that's another comp driver that we think gives us confidence on the second half of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I don't think I can quantify it in basis points for you, Mark, but you hit it -- the nail right on the head. That's exactly what we're expecting. So that'll be the pivot point in the third quarter. I mean, again, I don't recall exactly what we stated, but it was significant basis points investment last year. I mean, those hurricanes really hurt us last year. And so we made a decision to invest and rate to drive sales through incremental promotional events, and so we made the decision. We made the right decision for that point in time, and now, this year, as we cycle that, we expect to see a bounce back on that. And based on the early reads here, we're feeling very confident where we're headed. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I don't think I can again quantify for that specifically year-to-date. Maybe that's something we can queue up for Analyst Day a little bit differently than maybe we've looked at it in the past. But again, this year, we've got a significant reinvestment, right, of those tax reform benefits that accrue to us this year. So again, a lot of that -- a lot -- trying to quantify what's recurring and what's one-time kind of thing. I mean, we're in a very dynamic environment here in retail, and there's things that we just need to do to make sure we sustain a healthy business for the long term, and that's what we intend to do. So we'll keep you updated. Again, we talked about guidance for '19 that we're feeling pretty good about right now. And when we see you in November, we'll give you a view of how we're thinking about the longer term. 
Scott Settersten: I mean, as far as the outlook for '19 and how the algorithm might work, so we would -- I'd say we take a reasonable, prudent view of what the top line might look like, right, and we build our cost infrastructure to match that. And then we hope we do better on the top line, right, with some of the newness that we have in our sight. So you used the term fixed cost and variable cost. I mean, things we talked about, our efficiencies for growth initiative that we kicked off here earlier this year, so that'll be a big piece of it. So we see cost efficiencies across the business. Very happy with where we are in that. The DC, again, we got Fresno this year that'll drop off, right. So you won't -- we won't have another one in '19. At least that's not planned now, so we'll get some benefit there. And then the investments we're making. The tax reform investments that we're investing in this year, we expect to get benefits out of that, right, in '19 and beyond. So maybe that would be a way to think about it. 
Scott Settersten: So the fleet looks healthy overall, again, as you would expect with a mid-single digit comp in the retail side. The older stores, 5 years and older, are low single to mid-single digit comps. So again, we're not seeing anything unusual there. Oftentimes, we might see some sales transfer or cannibalization, but oftentimes we do that to ourselves, right. So we're trying to make sure we got best positions in the market, and we're in it for the long term. We're in it for total dollars on the top and bottom line. So feeling good about -- as Mary said, feeling good about new store productivity and our long-term target. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I think directionally flat is the way to think about it for the full year. And clearance work or the clearance event here at the end of second quarter is not going to have any significant impact on that. 
Scott Settersten: I think the way I'd describe the third quarter, the pivot point here where we expect gross margin to leverage in the third quarter, is consistent with the fourth quarter as well. So again, to your point, some usual -- unusual activity last year. The DC ramp up here. Fresno is going to give us a less headwind, I guess, I would say as we look into the fourth quarter. So efficiencies, the company, the enterprise overall continues to get more efficient. So you take the newness, coupled -- better sales trends there coupled with the efficiencies that we're building every day, feel like we're going to be able to expand gross margins in the fourth quarter as well. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So I'll just remind you that SWIFT is just one element of a complete -- we call it complete rebuild of the behind, the merchandising support, infrastructure, I guess, I'll say. So there's space planning tools that are -- that have been built and implemented over the last couple years. SWIFT is a key piece of that. But there's also a lot of are going on in our distribution centers, right, the old legacy centers, and the new centers, with new operating models and so on. So they all are working in unison, right. And so you're -- we're only in the early innings I guess I would say. You've seen the last couple of quarters, our inventory productivity improved. We're taking excess inventory out of the system while keeping in-stock levels very high. So feeling good about where we are, and we're on a path, right, a multiyear path to continue to see that. And inventory optimization is going to be a significant driver of operating margin improvement in '19 and beyond. 
Mary Dillon: Well, obviously, it's sort of a -- it's a mix story, I guess, I would say. We continue to drive solid growth in prestige cosmetics overall. We continue to have great market share gains. We've seen through our boutique brands, they're growing very nicely, and many of our prestige brands are growing with strong innovation and social media presence. But a few of our major prestige brands are not lapping the newness, I guess I'd say. So that's putting some pressure on the model. This is what we do I guess all the time. Our merchants are constantly evaluating and working with our brand partners to continue to strengthen the pipeline. We feel really good about the pipeline. First of all, our overall business model, I think, is -- it shows the strength and flexibility at a time where you might have a segment that's not as strong but delivering strong results across many categories. And we're working with -- closely with our brands. And maybe, Dave, if you want to add a little bit about we feel really good about the pipeline of newness and innovation from the second half. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Well, we're very invested in the services part of our business. It's a critical differentiator. It's -- that salon guest, any service guest is really one of our best guests because they shop and spend much more. They spend almost 3x what somebody who's not using services does. So our salon business continues to outperform the market. We have exceptional talent. We do see that -- we believe we can reinvent it to make it even better, and that's why we're doing this services optimization work. Early results are very encouraging, and it's really about optimizing menu, pricing, training, hiring kind of across board. So you'll expect that to show fast results quickly, but that early results are actually very encouraging. And also, as we start to roll out the skin bar with these quicker services, that is off to a very strong start as well. And it's very much just being responsive to what our guests want and need from us. They care a lot about skincare. They don't have maybe as much time to have a long service, but they're very happy to start participating in these quicker services. So a lot of new brand launches, a lot of innovation there, and we feel good about where it's heading. 
Mary Dillon: Well, it's a new possibility at Ulta. Yes, so we're not going to -- we don't really have details to disclose today, but know that it will be all stores and online by holiday. We're really excited about it. It's going to be, I think, a fantastic partnership for us. And I'll see if you want anything more. I'll just add, as we start our new advertising, which starts September 2, so it's right around the corner. Really proud about, I think, the work, and we pretested the works so we feel good about how consumers are going to react to it. It's just the next evolution of our brand and really elevating to a more emotional level in a way that's very consistent with how people want to see Ulta Beauty talk about beauty. So more to come on that, but I think bakes it very nicely together. 
Mary Dillon: Well, thank you for the question. I'm not going to comment on the quarter that we're in, but we really try to give our best guidance. We do expect to see acceleration against some easier comps in the second half. And as, I think, we've talked about a couple times, the continued rollout of some of our high-growth brands, newness from existing brand partners, new advertising, 21 Days of Beauty, which is always a great event for us. So we just believe that and see the ability for our comps to strengthen as we get further into the year. 
Mary Dillon: Okay, a 3-parter. So on the promotional strategy, I will just say that it's -- we've been consistent year-over-year in the quarter. There's -- I would say the overall environment is always competitive. We're not seeing any major shifts I would say in the promotional environment, it's stable, but pretty promotional environment. I feel really good about the model that we have. We've worked hard over the last 5 years to really diversify our, I guess I'd call them demand levers and tools. And we always have the ability to pull different levers with an increasing focus on using our loyalty program, our CRM program, more personalized over time. So and it's allowed us to really balance in this and invest in things like advertising and PR and social media. So I think we've got that, we flex as we need, but we don't see that as being necessarily very different right now, I guess, than it's been. Your other question, competition. Everybody is interested in the beauty business, and so, yes, we're aware, pay attention to everything that's going on. We, I think, have a real strong lead as it relates to having a differentiated model, whether you're talking about competing with mass, where we've got obviously very differentiated assortment in mass the arena or mass-tige arena, plus services, plus our loyalty program. So I love what we're doing as it relates to digitally-native brands across prestige and mass. And so we look at everything as game on, but not -- doesn't keep me up at night, I guess, I'd say. 
Mary Dillon: Loyalty, we are careful not to break out a lot of detail about the various performance of the tiers. But I will tell you is that, obviously, we consider it a successful and a strong tool for us. But if you step way back, today, we have just under 30 million members in our loyalty program, but they still represent only 1/3 of the beauty enthusiasts in the U.S., and we only have about 1/3 of the wallet share. So I look at that as a continued source. We're very focused on how we're going to grow both that, the number of members as well as wallet share. And the tier -- I mean, the innovation that the team has put in place in the program are really working. So the diamond tier, really strong move for us; credit card, increasing personalization engine and recommendation engine. So as well as really strong focus by our teams in-store on driving awareness and conversion of the program. So we see that as a core asset for us and feel really good about how we're going to continue to innovate to drive growth. On Bon-Ton, I would just say we're certainly paying attention to everything that's happening competitively. And we're obviously reaching out, making sure customers who are looking for a place to shop for beauty in those markets, know about Ulta Beauty. When -- I would say our guidance assumes we're going to continue to gain share across from several sources, we don't predict that precisely down to an individual competitor. But we see closure impact the stores. Can have kind of a plus or a minus, but generally built into our expectations. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Those stores are performing really well. We're thrilled that we opened them. I think they're giving us great brand awareness and also really performing very nicely for us. So I think going forward it'll still be a small-ish part of what we do. Obviously, the cost around those businesses is a lot higher than an non-urban store, but we love what we're seeing in those. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, Matt. I would say yes. Think about it like that. It comes quite late in the year, and so we factored that into our thinking. And it's like any new brand. It's really hard to predict exactly how it'll play, but think about it as included in the guidance, yes. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, which as I said earlier, just -- and broadly, we've got about 1/3 of the share wallet of our loyalty members overall. So we don't really break that out in any more level of specificity, but you can imagine some that are more highly engaged. We have a higher share of wallet than others, but on average it's 1/3. So our focus, as we think about the future, is just really we've got everything the beauty enthusiast wants and loves, and we're going to continue to offer her everything she needs and wants. And so for us, it's about continuing -- but you'll also -- we'll never have 100% of her wallet share because people shop in different places sometimes. But we think that between increased levels of personalization of our offers and just innovation in the program and also innovation of what we offer, we're going to continue to focus on how we can even drive more of that wallet share growth over time. But it doesn't move overnight. It takes a while, but that's a key area of focus for us. 
Mary Dillon: Well, maybe I'll start with that, and then Dave, you can talk about the planograms. But I just think it's actually, it's a really exciting and interesting time for innovation in entrepreneurialism in this industry. And the great thing is that we can participate across all that, and I'm proud about how our team is building partnerships. But I'll tell you, some of the largest, most iconic and well-known brands are doing really well with younger guests as well. Estée Lauder is a great example of a classic iconic brand that millennials have rediscovered. Of course, then there's lots of brands that are starting up as entrepreneurial, direct-to-consumer. So I think that is certainly going to continue to be the dynamic going forward, and our goal is to bring our guests really everything that she wants across the spectrums. But I -- it doesn't mean that any one is going to win for the long term. I think it's the mosaic of being in all of those sectors of the market. 
Mary Dillon: Great. I'd like to wrap up by thanking all of the Ulta Beauty associates. They delivered another solid quarter and executed a number of complex projects to enhance our guest experience to set us up for a strong second half of the year. So I look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thank you. 
David Kimbell: Yes, we really do, really, across the store. I'll reiterate what Mary said. We're really happy and excited about the whole mix and the assortment in all categories: haircare, skincare, fragrance and cosmetics. And we're seeing some nice growth in the entire store. Although as Mary said, some of our largest prestige brands have had some challenges. But as we look forward, we're really optimistic. We've been working closely. They certainly -- the brands themselves are focused on driving growth. I'll give you a couple of examples of things that we're very optimistic and excited about. Tarte is one of our largest brands, and it's been driving actually strong growth all year long in part because of the Double Duty Beauty line that's exclusive to Ulta Beauty. And that's been successful all year, and we have seen some nice innovation and expansion of that business that will continue to drive growth through the rest of the year. Too Faced, Mary mentioned, just launched an exclusive line only at Ulta Beauty, Tutti Frutti, which is off to a strong start early, but we're excited. That has a long -- that brand has a long history of growth and success at Ulta Beauty, and we're optimistic. IT Cosmetics, a brand that really grew up in many ways at Ulta Beauty, has recently launched some new lines, including a 48-shade concealer line, Bye Bye Under Eye concealer, that also is off to a strong start. And Benefit, we've had a long partnership with Benefit, including a unique brow partnership, brow service partner -- Brow Bar service partnership. And they've had a steady stream of innovation, and we're optimistic about what's coming, including a strong holiday. So across the board, as Mary said, we see ups and downs naturally in our business, but as we look forward, we see a lot of good things coming. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We are very happy with our mass cosmetics business in a lot of ways with our makeup business overall. But yes -- no, I think the things that we set out to do, we're feeling good about accomplishing them. Some of our biggest, more established brands like our Ulta Beauty Collection, L'Oréal, Maybelline, are playing an important roles, but a lot of newness has come in to really excite guests and engage her in new ways. In particular, brands that are exclusive and only found at Ulta. Morphe is one that Mary mentioned in her prepared remarks has been one that's been driving a lot of growth. The recent Jaclyn Hill palette launch just a couple of weeks ago was quite successful, and we've had continued expansion with that brand. Makeup Revolution, also exclusive in the United States to Ulta, has grown quite well and plays a very important role in our overall assortment. The addition of ColourPop, one of the stronger influencer-led, digitally-native brands has also been a nice complement to our overall portfolio and driven a lot of growth. So we're really pleased with this performance. We see a lot of growth in that space and continue to focus on all of makeup, and anticipate more growth in mass space, in particular. 
David Kimbell: Yes, so I'll jump in. And yes, our prestige market share overall has been growing significantly for -- well, for several years and the first half, second quarter of this year was no exception. I think the main drivers of that growth -- and that's happening certainly as we've added new stores, but for sure, within our comp stores. Even the brands that we've talked about today that -- in the prestige space that haven't been performing to our expectations are still performing largely better at Ulta than perhaps at other places across the market. So the drivers of that growth are really a combination of continuing to expand some of the brands that are in limited distribution that are rolling out into more stores. That's a significant contributor to our market share growth, brands like MAC and Estée Lauder, Clinique, Lancôme, really across the board, NARS. The addition of new brands like Flesh, as an example, recently has been an addition in adding growth. And then some of these exclusive lines that I talked about earlier with Tarte Double Duty Beauty now, Too Faced Tutti Frutti are significantly driving growth and are -- because they're exclusive, are driving strong share growth as well. So it's a multi-tiered level, and we're definitely seeing it in comp stores as well as new stores and excited. The last thing I'd say with that, though, is digitally-native brands are certainly having an impact on the total prestige market and total makeup market. That's why we're really focused on driving these brands, brands like Morphe, ColourPop that we've added, and now, as Mary mentioned, confirming the launch of Kylie will play an important role in continuing to make sure that we're driving shares well into the future. 
David Kimbell: Yes. And as far as the planograms, of course, newness has -- plays a really important role in our overall business. So we're always updating our assortment, and all that goes back to some of the things that we've talked about today about our optimism about the newness that's coming. And so we feel really good about the planogram. We think we've got the stores in a good place to present this new product and ready for 21 Days of Beauty, which starts on Sunday, and then going into the obviously important holiday season. So a lot of newness, stores are well prepared to accept that newness and present it in a really compelling way to our guests. 
David Kimbell: And to your point about -- just a quick add on the brand partners. We've worked very closely, particularly, over the last couple of years, to fully integrate more with our brand partners. And that's been working well. There's more opportunity there, but they're overall very engaged and I think generally pleased with the success that we've had in improving the efficiencies and in-store presentation. 
David Kimbell: I'd say, generally speaking, and I'm not going to get real specific on any individual brand, but generally speaking, some of the brands that were not performing to our expectations in Q1 carried through Q2, with some exceptions. But overall, there's a few brands that have hit a bit of a lull. The ones that I called out earlier, IT, Tarte, Too Faced, Benefit are brands that have either been performing well all year or we're excited about and seeing promising results on key innovations. So those brands, we're working closely on -- with them to make sure that they're getting back on track. And as I said, for many of them, we're seeing some positive signals. And then the other brands that we're bringing in are complementing our overall assortment. Our guests are responding well to them. So collectively, both existing brands and new brands, we think, will get that key part, our prestige cosmetics part of the business back to where we'd like it to be. 
David Kimbell: Well, I mean, think it really varies. Obviously, there's a group of brands that we've mentioned that are online-only that we haven't brought into stores yet. We use that often as a testing ground. I'll give you one example, Dose of Colors, that started online, so obviously 100% online, and now, we're rolling that into hundreds of our stores and it's seen nice success with that. Brand like MAC, which we launched last year, because of the pace of the rollout into stores started out heavier as a percentage online. But as more stores have grown, of course, that has gone to a different balance. So it varies across the board, and there isn't one kind of specific model. It really depends on the brand and its history and how we're rolling it out across our channels. 
