Chuck Rubin: Jill, you were going in and out a bit. I think the question is what was behind Lancome getting started with us. We've talked before that our business model is built on having a broad offering, and that the iconic brands are great additions to that, but that our long-term financial expectations could be achieved without them. With that said, we have maintained ongoing dialog with Lancome, and I think that the time was right in our business, and they were impressed with the other brands that we had in our offering, as well as what our stores are like and the customer base that we have. So, we're excited to have that as part of our offering in those 29 stores, it’s actually 28 right now with a new store opening next month, that will be the 29th store, but we are very pleased to have them as part of that offering.
Chuck Rubin: No, I think the box is big enough. I think the gentlemen who heads up our store design has done a wonderful job of building a very flexible box, and we're able to add boutiques, we're able to size them in different ways, and we've made a number of enhancements to what many of you may have heard us refer to as our level 7 prototype. So, I don’t see the box, which is about 10,000 feet, getting bigger. I do see us being able to make the box more productive as new brands come in or new statements or new services come in over the long term.
Chuck Rubin: Brian, I’ll take the first few, and then let Gregg pick up on it. We wouldn’t get into details on exact status of the leases, but as we said in the prepared comments, we feel very good about where we are for next year on our pipeline, and we’ve said before that it would be in that 15% to 20% range. So, you can do the math. We feel very good about that. As far as new and existing, as we’ve talked before and as you would expect, a higher chunk of those new stores are coming out of existing real estate that has been repurposed somehow, and that’s just a state of the general marketplace. There are some seeds out there. It’s too early to call it a real resurgence, but there are a couple of seeds of new development that could be out there in the next few years, but for the near-term, defining near-term as at least 2012, there'll be a higher chunk of existing stores that get redone into an Ulta. As far as comps across the classes, here again, we wouldn’t break that out, but we’re pleased with our portfolio across the board, both in age of store, as well as the geography of the store. We saw strength across the country in our market. So, it wasn’t one market or one class of store that carried that strong comp in Q2.
Chuck Rubin: Look Dan, we’re very pleased to have Lancome in, and the reason that we’ve announced it here is that as it was done now, it was found by an analyst and we didn’t want all of you to get ahead of yourselves on this. It is in 29 stores, in 28 today and 29th coming in a couple of weeks. We're very happy because we think it’s good for our guest, and I think it opens up some new guests for Lancome. We know that we continue to take market share and that we continue to perform better in our growth trajectory than a department store does. So, I think Lancome and Ulta are both very pleased with where we are and we will see where it goes from there. Getting into any more detail on that, it just wouldn’t be appropriate at this point. As far as the markets, we wanted to have some density of those markets, so that we could advertise and we could put the power of Ulta behind this brand introduction. We have a very effective marketing machine and that will go to work, as it broke this past Sunday, which was our first ad on our mailer that just began this past Sunday. We will put that marketing machine behind Lancome.
Chuck Rubin: Yes. The power of Conde Nast in the portfolio of titles that they have and their iconic nature in fashion and beauty was really attractive to us. In return, where we stand in the beauty industry and the breadth of what we offer and the strength of our relationship with our guests was very attractive to them. So, we've been talking with them obviously for a little bit, and the relationship has just been kicked off, if you will, this past weekend with our mailer. I think it has a lot of places that it can go, but what you've seen thus far this week, is we will use their titles, we will use their editorial content on our websites and in store. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we’re going to be able to leverage our digital assets. Conde Nast has a subscriber base, I believe somewhere over $50 million, which is very attractive for us to work with them on, and ultimately the magazine offer that we are introducing now with the $21 for an annual subscription to both Allure and Glamour is just a terrific deal for our guests. So, we are excited about this partnership. We hope that it lasts a long time and we think that we have a clear path of what we hope to achieve in the near-term, and we think over the long-term, it could lead to some very interesting places.
Chuck Rubin: Yes. No, let me clarify that, because I don’t want there to be any confusion about this. We are not moving any more stores today from one program to the other. What we have had to do which we are completing in the third quarter is to get the technology platform in place to allow that transition to occur. So, the technology platform we will be in place with this year, we will not convert any new stores for the balance of this year as we do throughout the company. As you get ready for holiday, we essentially stop any new IT enhancements, which you can well respect. The transition of stores will start to happen at some point in 2012. There is still work to be done on this. So I do not want anybody to think that we will be converting quickly in the early part of 2012 to one program that is not the case. But this technology component, which was necessary to accommodate that transition is nearing its completion, that’s why I wanted to call it out in the comments, because we have been running on two programs for a while, and I know you’ve asked – this group has asked many times, at some point, aren’t we go to move to one. We’re finally getting closer to the point of starting that transition to one.
Chuck Rubin: No, really not. So, you know, it was up slightly, but we’re very pleased that the bulk of our comp was driven off of increased traffic. But, no, we’re not really seeing a slow down or a step down, I should say, in what she’s buying today.
Chuck Rubin: It's a subtle thing that my General Counsel finally allowed me to do. Our customer doesn’t think of us as Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance, it’s rather a mouthful, and as we – we need to continue to increase our branding and make Ulta Beauty a stronger brand in itself, and you will see us do that in a variety of touch points and Ulta Fragrance, Cosmetics, & Salon just is not a brand friendly kind of name. So Ulta Beauty is what the customer sees in the front of our store, and it should be what they see in all of our touch points including our financial releases.
Chuck Rubin: You know, Alex, we’ve got just under 80 stores that are below the level six, level seven prototype. So think of that as the current sort of modern store design. Certainly differences between six and sevens, but they are much more subtle in the boutique presentation. As far as remodels go, we finished 17 this year as we stated in our prepared remarks. We are focused on continuing to move as fast as possible towards one store prototype and getting it – the rest of the stores to that current sort of level seven design. So, we do plan to slightly accelerate, the plan is yet to be finalized, our remodel program going into next year as we accelerated it from 2010 to 2011.
Chuck Rubin: Jason, I did omit the comment purposely earlier. Our focus is convincing our guest that Ulta is the place for her to shop and putting a portfolio of brands together that we think are appropriate for her. At some point, I hope that we can add additional brands that we don’t carry today. It could be some that you just mentioned, it could be others as well. There’s other brands out there that certainly we would like to add to our portfolio. Right now, we are focused on the offering that we put forth. Clearly, our results suggest that we’re doing a good job of putting that offering together. In the addition, in those 29 stores of Lancome, we’re really thrilled about, but again, I would remind everybody that we have a very healthy business without these other iconic brands, and it will be a healthy business over the long-term as well. So, we continue to pursue lots of newness, both brands as well as products as well as services. So, that’s the foundation of our success since I’ve been here, and that will be, I believe, the foundation as we go forward.
Chuck Rubin: Okay, let me thank everybody for joining us on this call and we look forward to speaking with you again when we report third quarter results in early December.
Gregg Bodnar: And Brian, on the store model itself, you’re correct. We have taken the payback down to two years. It was up over 3.5 years several years ago, as you may remember. In terms of four wall contribution, it’s certainly – as we've continued to drive operating margin, it has continued to improve as well, because that operating margin not only benefits the new store model but it benefits the existing store. So, they’re performing a little bit better than that 17%, 18% of maturity.
Gregg Bodnar: On gross margin for the third quarter, the midpoint plus 50 basis points, and SG&A, at the midpoint plus 170.
Gregg Bodnar: You know, we’re doing some work to develop now that we’ve got the lease signed, to develop and fit out the inside of the building, start training folks, bringing staff onboard et cetera. So that’s the activity for 2011. Back half of the year impact is, for Q3 and Q4 it’s about a penny in total between the two quarters. For next year, certainly as we ramp that DC up in the first half of the year, start bringing product in and then start shipping to stores as you can appreciate, it will have a drag on gross margin. As we get to the back half of the year, and we get the productivity up in that distribution center and then start to leverage the transportation network capabilities, it will be close to our vendors, it will be closer to our larger group of our stores, we’ll start to get some of the transportation network impact. If you look at it over the course of a 12-month time period, I would expect it to be plus or minus 10 basis points neutral to gross margin over the course of the year.
Gregg Bodnar: The merchandise margin improvement continues to be driven by the factors we've talked about in the past. Certainly, there's a slight mix benefit. As we continue to manage the inventory, it continues to be cleaner, albeit there's not a lot of clearance in our inventory. It still continues to be a slight opportunity for our merchants to turn that inventory faster and get better sell through, and that also is a driver in terms of selling through better on promotional inventory too. So, better realized margins in all those cases drive our overall merchandise margin, and as we just continue to leverage our overall growth. So, those are the sort of three or four drivers in merchandise margin. As it relates to our long-term operating goal, I did mention that we expect we'll achieve a 10% operating margin this year. We've stated in the past. You may remember, last quarter, we moved that goal up that we would get to a solid double-digit operating margin in the 2012, 2013 time period. So, we're well on our way towards that. As you look forward beyond that, towards that mid-teen operating margin, that sort of 15% mid-teen operating margin goal, we do continue to expect that there'll be a relatively equal contribution between gross profit and SG&A, slightly more coming from SG&A just from the natural leverage that’s going to come from our business as we accelerate our store program. And certainly, we've talked about in the past, each one of those area is going from 10% to 15%. There are specific strategies that we have accomplished multiple phases of and have delivered the improvement we have seen over the last couple of years and we have multiple phases to go, and that’s why it gives us confidence that we can get to that mid-teen operating margin.
