David Kimbell: Yes, Kate. Yes. Great question and one that we're spending a lot of time on. As we look out over the course of the year, we continue to be encouraged by the engagement that we're seeing from our guests across channels, both in stores and online. Our non-makeup businesses have been strong throughout -- really, throughout 2020 and certainly in the fourth quarter with skincare, fragrance, haircare, bath, all performing at or above our expectations. And we anticipate that continuing throughout this year.  There is -- continues to be a fair amount of uncertainty about makeup. And I'd say that's, as we look out over the year, while we have a lot of confidence in the long term of makeup and we know that there will be innovation and growth and new behaviors that will drive long-term growth, and we see signs of engagement through our consumer research, and we anticipate pent-up demand and excitement from guests -- from consumers as they feel more comfortable participating in society and going out and celebrating and doing all the things that I think we know is coming. The question for us is when that will come. And we've built in a number of models where we're certainly prepared for that renewed engagement in makeup. We haven't fully seen it yet even though we've seen signs of it. But we have a whole line of sight towards driving innovation with our brand partners, highlighting through our marketing and communication, leveraging our digital tools, our virtual try-on tools and then being prepared from -- with close coordination with our brand partners on inventory as we see makeup grow.  So uncertainty by when because it's been a bit of a ride even before COVID on makeup, but we're confident in the long term and prepared for that growth. And all of that is reflected in our guidance for 2021. 
David Kimbell: Well, first, yes, we don't -- we haven't had any issues for sure with expired products or too much inventory or anything like that. But your point about consumers refreshing their stock, their cabinets at home is, we believe, a behavior that is happening throughout 2020. There's been -- as there's been slower engagement in makeup pre-pandemic and then certainly all the disruption that happened throughout 2020, we see a renewal coming in just how people will engage -- how our guests will engage in makeup. The behaviors, the fashions, the looks, the styles will continue to evolve. We're excited and optimistic about that emergence. As I said earlier, the timing is a bit uncertain, but we see it coming.  And we feel that with that -- our guests are -- they love makeup. They love beauty. They love diving into different categories. They love newness. And I think because the makeup category has been challenged, as a reflection of less engagement for probably the last couple of years, we know our beauty enthusiasts are excited about it. So we'll see that exact behavior you talked about of cleaning out your stock, replacing it with new, leaning into newness, which there is tons coming, and then kind of embracing new looks and new styles as that moves forward. So we think that will be part of the total story. 
David Kimbell: Well, you're right, we'll talk a lot more about the future growth and what we have seen coming ahead at the Analyst Day in the fall, and we're excited to share those plans with you. We do see pressure now that Scott just -- Scott has described on the guidance that we've given around our overall profitability for 2021, and said that over time, we see that we're focused on improving that. We're optimistic that we can improve that, and we see that continued growth as we manage through some of those short-term disruptions.  So we'll have much more detail in the outlook, on the planning and the timing of our sales outlook beyond this year. We're focused right now on driving our business through the reemergence as we get in through 2021. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Of course, our loyalty program is key to our success and has been for a long time and will be well into the future. We believe we've got just a world-class loyalty program. The engagement, it remains incredibly high. We think we've got one of the best loyalty programs in all of retail.  There's been no change to how we define our guests. Our definition is to be counted as a member, you need to have shopped at least once in any of our touch points in the last 12 months. So that hasn't changed. But what we are seeing is we -- as -- particularly early in this crisis when our stores were closed, so a little over -- really about a year ago and for the next few months, we'll start lapping that. Our store-only guests, we lost some of the less engaged -- less tenured, less engaged members that either stepped out of beauty for a little bit or shopped at some of the retailers that were open and did not pivot to our e-commerce business. We've had a big focus in reengaging them. We know who they are. We know that they didn't have a bad experience with Ulta. They just changed behavior in the short term.  And so some of this is the math as we start to lap. We're lapping -- we're strong months, 12 strong months in 2019 with some of the challenges we had in 2020. And so we'll continue to work through that over these next few months. Said that there's nothing in any of our research that suggests our guests are any less engaged in beauty over time, in Ulta Beauty or anything that we've done. And one of the biggest and most important parts of that is our diamond and platinum guests, our most engaged guests, have maintained really best-in-class retention, really, very committed and connected to Ulta Beauty.  So we have a whole team that's focused. Really everything we do is for our loyalty guests. The communication we have through personalization, the broad scale marketing, our assortment evolution, they love our newness, and the merchant team has done a great job. Our stores are focused on ensuring that every guest gets a great experience. So we're confident.  There's a bit of a lapping element going on. And as we work through those short-term disruption, but the long-term outlook for loyalty is very positive. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So yes, I'll start here. The -- first of all, thanks for the shout-out on MUSE. The team -- we're all really proud of that work. And I'm sure some of our team is listening, and they'll be glad to hear that.  On stores, we have 40 stores this year, and we remain consistent with the guidance that we've had that over time can grow in to 1,500 to 1,700 stores. No update, no changes to Canada specifically as related to that. That's all on pause, and we have no news related to that.  We continue to be optimistic and positive about the outlook of physical retail, and we'll continue to find just terrific locations across the country. The 40 that we're opening this year, we're -- we feel really, really good about, and we see plenty of growth ahead of us. So that's the plan on stores.  That's connected in ways to our Target business. So your question about how that's coming along, we're just really, really pleased with that partnership. The relationship we have with Target as we've been building this together has just been exceptional, and we're really thrilled with the feedback that we've had from -- on the concept from our consumers. They are pumped up about this and excited for it to come to life. We really see this as just a completely new way to engage our consumers in the prestige segment, and in beauty overall, it's definitely not. I mean we've worked so hard to make sure this is not just more of the same from a retail standpoint, which we think is really critical in this time of disruption in the marketplace.  So this is going to be completely new, totally different, focused on the best of the best in prestige, highly curated assortment, beautiful presentation, exceptional staffing, and we're anticipating high consumer engagement, compelling guest experience and, for us, acquiring millions of new members over time.  We're not sharing much more detail than what I shared in the script earlier today. We'll be sharing that as we get a bit closer. But I can assure you that our plans are on track. We're ready to launch Ulta Beauty. And we have tremendous support from our brand partners, both big, the biggest brand partners that we have, and small and emerging brands. In fact, we're going to launch with more brands than we originally considered. We have the brands that we wanted to launch this with and more, and we're excited about it. So it's coming together great. We think it's going to be an awesome experience. We're thrilled to be partnering with Target. They've been nothing but just exceptional partners to build this with, and we're excited to go create this next chapter in the future of beauty. 
David Kimbell: Yes. And just to reiterate on the -- yes, your points about reopening and guest reengaging in the category. We feel confident in what we're seeing but uncertain about the pace and the return, particularly in our biggest category of makeup. And so we feel, as Mary has said, I think, as Scott has said, we feel the guidance that we have is right, but we're also prepared to adjust.  We've -- becoming increased -- 2020 just further enhanced our skills at agility and being prepared to take whatever comes at us. And so we're ready to drive growth and lead the industry and -- but also feel like the guidance that we've given is correct. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Store productivity, I'm not going to give any specifics right now because we've got a lot to figure out of where things settle out and settle down. Having said that, we remain really committed and positive about the physical store channel for Ulta Beauty and in beauty in general. And so we're watching that closely. We're seeing positive trends as guests are getting reengaged. We know our guests are telling us and then increasingly demonstrating that they want to get back in a physical way, but we know e-com will play a bigger part of it, too. So I imagine that'll be a big part of our discussion in the fall as we kind of talk about a longer-term outlook, but it's a big focus for sure. 
Mary Dillon: Well, Chris, I'll take that as a compliment. I'm teasing you. Listen, this has been planned for a while with the Board in terms of the kind of governance and succession planning that we all do. I just feel that this is the right time for me personally. I'm excited. I'm going to be the Executive Chair for a year. So I'm excited about that as well. I'm staying very close to the strategies in the future as well.  We're coming out of 2020 strong. The foundation of the business is very strong. Most importantly, Dave is ready to take on the next chapter of growth as the CEO of the company. So it just felt to us and to me like a natural time to make this transition. I'm very confident, very confident about the future of Ulta Beauty. And we're excited. I'm also excited that Kecia Steelman is going to have new responsibilities as Chief Operating Officer. So all told, I think this is about as seamless of a succession story as you can come up with, and that we're really excited about it. 
Mary Dillon: There is so many questions. Yes. No, listen, I'm focused on Ulta Beauty right now, and I'm very excited about that. And that's why I'm going to be the Executive Chair. I'll be the CEO through June and the Executive Chair for a year after that. And we'll see. I'm excited to the next -- for the next chapter, but I don't really have any plans yet. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I would say this. We guide, to the best of our ability, to what we think is going to happen with some range around that. So if you look at the guidance, we feel encouraged and optimistic about the momentum on the business. But as we said, there's a great deal of uncertainty still ahead, and we've embedded some of that uncertainty into our outlook as we would normally under any circumstances, not just due to a transition.  As we said, we still lack clear visibility into the exact timing of an improvement in our largest category, which is makeup. So while we see something -- I think Dave explained it really well. We see some green shoots, and we're excited about the pipeline, but the timing is uncertain. So with all the puts and takes, both in managing costs, which I think we're doing well, but also investing in the future of the business, that leads us to the guidance that we provided. We think it's achievable. We're ready to move quickly if things get even faster in terms of the economic recovery and consumer recovery. But we think this is very reasonable guidance. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I wouldn't say that we've seen a material difference in performance across markets for the most part. I mean there's certainly been weather disruptions and everything with COVID. We've been watching it closely. And I think just with makeup, we just know it's a category that's been under pressure even prior to COVID. And then we have a long period of time where folks are changing their makeup routines. And so we know that the category has lots of newness and innovation to come, and it's large. People are very engaged in the category. We're just not sure exactly when people are going to start wearing makeup, more makeup for social occasions and things like that. So we're watching it closely.  But it's a great aspect of our business model that we are across so many categories that the self-care, the skincare, the bath and fragrance categories have performed, as you know, exceptionally well. So we're well balanced, and we're poised to take advantage of the uptick, which we think will come. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. I think we're done with the questions. Thank you. So I just want to thank everybody for joining us today.  The future is really bright for Ulta Beauty. We have a strong and differentiated business model. We're emerging from the 2020 pandemic with good momentum. We're strategically investing in our business to drive further market share gains, and we have strong leadership for the next chapter of growth. I'm really proud of the job that the Ulta Beauty store, distribution center and corporate associates did all year to deliver this amazing but tough year.  I remain very excited about the long-term growth opportunity. I'm confident Ulta Beauty will continue to shape and lead the beauty industry. I'm excited about the next chapter ahead for all of us. It's the right time for me personally, the right time for Dave and Kecia and the right time for Ulta Beauty as the team continues to drive growth for many years to come.  We look forward to speaking with all of you again in May when we report on our first quarter results. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: No, no. We've seen -- we've demonstrated in the fourth quarter some of the benefits from promotional optimization, which, again, a lot of that occurs in the digital channel just by the very nature of the shopping experience there. So we believe there's plenty of opportunity to improve the profitability of that channel of our business, both on the promotional side, but also on the supply chain effectiveness side of the business.  So the FFC strategy, the ship from store strategy, getting closer to our end customers will help. But also just overall scale as that business continues to grow, we believe, will help drive some rate improvement there over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So there's a lot connected to that question, but the overall theme about gross margin getting back to 2019, again, there's a lot of puts and takes. If you go back to the -- our prepared remarks, just we gave a lot of detail -- provided a lot of detail on that. I would say our initial outlook is not to get back to 2019. Part of it is the geography change on the services manager moving out of gross margin. So that's a plus up for us, but there is something -- the sales -- lower sales overall, at least our initial outlook there, creates a bit of deleverage there when we look back and try to compare to 2019. So there is quite a laundry list of things besides channel mix, which is one of the biggest drivers when we look at '21 versus '19. Again, a reminder, 2019 e-commerce was in the mid-teens as a percent of total sales, and we're thinking it's going to be in the mid-20s for 2021. So a lot of puts and takes there.  I mean I would go back to the comment we made about sales upside. So we are optimistic. We feel good about exiting the fourth quarter. And if sales come back stronger, especially in the makeup part of our business, then there's potentially some good tailwinds there. And that, again, sales helps scale and helps drive leverage. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I think it'll be a little stronger first half of the year because we're lapping some large disruptions over a year ago and then building momentum throughout the course of the year. So again, there's a lot of levers that we have to pull and push as we navigate through the course of the year with promotion cadence and some of our major events. So again, we're be looking to optimize the total business as we navigate throughout the year. 
Scott Settersten: And I would just add to that, that we are -- and we've talked about this over the course of the last couple of phone calls, I mean, that we're -- the executive team and all the senior leaderships are focused on getting back to double-digit EBIT margins. We're very confident we can do that. I think you can look at the fourth quarter result and see it's within striking distance. Again, that's a little bit of an outlier because of the level of sales there and some of the leverage it creates by nature. But we're confident that as 2021, the plan is put together, again, in a prudent and reasonable fashion here initially, and hopefully, the crisis passes by us a little bit quicker, and we can get some win in our sales and hopefully drive a better result overall than what we're planning for today. 
Scott Settersten: And on the SG&A part of the question. So again, it depends what you're trying to measure against, 2020 or 2019. I guess I'll keep it in context to 2019, be specific that there's roughly 50 net new stores in the store fleet compared to 2019 by the time we get the end of 2020. So there's a natural fixed cost element of that, that runs through gross margin, and then there's a variable cost piece of that, right, on payroll for stores and all the signage and other variable costs that it takes to operate a store. So that's embedded in there.  A top line that's slightly weaker than 2019 is what our initial outlook is. So that's a big element of it. The service manager recategorization, right, out of gross margin down into SG&A. So it's a help on the gross margin line, but it is a headwind on the SG&A line, but it's an overall win for the company because we're more effective in it. It is plus up on operating margin overall.  The investment, I mean, we don't -- we've never shied away from that. I mean, yes, 2019, it's a recovery year. That's how we're looking at it. Makeup is a big part of our business. As Dave and Mary both said, there's a lot of uncertainty on when it will come back. We're optimistic that it will, but there's just a question of timing, and that's a big part of our business. And then there's continuing investments in just all the infrastructure, especially in the digital and IT space, which, again, is a key component to being able to deliver a great omnichannel experience to the guests and to make sure that we're continuing to innovate for the long term and to help drive future growth for the business. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So maybe I can start there. So again, I would just say we're being flexible. Like we were in 2020 when the COVID crisis was on us, we pulled back significantly, especially in area of print and reallocated resources into the digital space, I think, smartly, right, looking at the results of that. So again, this is an area when we talk about EFG, efficiencies for growth, the print -- the whole advertising bucket is another large area of opportunity for us over the long term. And so we continue to look for ways to optimize both print, just the cost of print overall, but also the distribution and the postage and working with our vendor partners on new, better ways to be thinking about how we go to market over the long term. So that's part and parcel of our everyday activities, I guess, I would say. And again, we're thinking it's going to be flattish year-over-year as a percent of sales. So -- but always a work in progress. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I would just, yes, add on to that exactly. In the fall, we'd have more to share on that with investors. I mean the fact is that the trends in the store, the traffic trends, have been negative now for a while. And so we're going to have to watch how consumers -- how that rebounds here as 2021 plays out and how that fits into the overall digital part of our business and omnichannel equation.  As far as the e-com question goes, Ike, so yes, you're on the right track there. We're guiding 20 -- mid-20-ish kind of penetration for the year, which, again, we're not apologizing for based on what we just delivered in 2020. That business is twice the size it was a year ago this time. And the team is ready, and we're ready to scale that up and take advantage of opportunities that are presented to us. And now we're just focused on making sure we take care of the store fleet, the teams that are out there and make sure as customers come back and shop us in brick-and-mortar, that we're delivering a great guest experience and continue to keep them engaged with the brand. 
