Carl Rubin: Brian, let's take the second one first. I think that clearly for the 1,200 stores, there is going to be a need for new construction. Obviously with our announcement today, we feel really good about 2013, and most of those stores are existing real estate. Now the pipeline into 2014, believe it or not, we've already approved some sites for that year. It's a little early to look at it at that point, but there are some seeds of new development starting to show up. And we do have high hopes that the real estate market does start to show some new development as you move into the out-years. But clearly, to get to the 1,200, we will need some new development. But we do think that, that will start to materialize. In terms of your first question on the promotional environment, there does seem to be a wide range of activity in retail today, and it goes beyond the beauty market. Clearly, our performance this quarter continued to gain market share, so the customer continues to vote that they like what we do. We're well positioned in our strategy for the fourth quarter between the breadth of our offering, everything from mass to prestige, from cosmetics to skincare to hair care, across price points using our loyalty program, we are well positioned to add value to the customer and we are seeing that she is shopping for value. As Scott mentioned in our prepared comments, our Black Friday weekend and Cyber Monday were terrific. They were very big and -- but she was looking for value. But we have a very sound offering to be able to cater to that, using some of the things we talked about in the script. 
Carl Rubin: And again as Scott mentioned earlier, don't forget the number of stores that we've opened. We had a record number of stores in the third quarter, so that had a little bit of a drag on us as well on not being able to leverage as high in this fixed store expense. 
Carl Rubin: Matt, I just -- I would add, keep in mind on the merchandise margin that in the last roughly 2 years, we have added close to a couple of hundred basis points on the merchandise margin. And what we've said is long term, there's opportunity both on SG&A as well as on the margin side of the equation. It won't always be equal. They'll vary between the 2 of them quarter-by-quarter. On the long term, we think that they do somewhat mirror themselves. They'll be about equal in their contribution or our overall operating margin. 
Carl Rubin: The impact that we envision in the fourth quarter is included in the guidance that we gave, at 5 to 7. It's tough to be very specific about that, Joe, because you clearly have the impact of when stores were closed. And we had close to 20% of the store base that was affected and closed from either 1 day or 2 to a number of days. But then you have the aftereffect. Once the store is back open, it still takes a little bit of a recovery time to get back in the business. And for those stores, we weren't the first thing that people affected by Sandy were going out to purchase. So to our best guess from what we've seen thus far, we think that this is going to impact the quarter up to 100 basis points, 50 to 75 up to 100 basis points. 
Carl Rubin: Yes, we've added people. Obviously, you can't grow a retail chain without adding people to it. We've added obviously the people in the stores, but we have more construction people, we have more store set people, we do have more inventory people [indiscernible]. 
Carl Rubin: On the real estate side, the team is a little bit larger, but not extensively. The real estate team can flex with some good flexibility because you do use other third parties to help find sites. There's a broker community that we leverage extensively. I've talked before that our real estate group is a very strong part of our company, our real estate and construction teams and store set teams. So we've got very, very strong capabilities on this. And clearly, as we've ramped up the store count, we've added additional people to help get that executed. But the core team, the core leadership team of our store set teams, construction, the real estate teams, the dealmakers, it's just a very strong core group of people. To your question, the first part of your question, I think we said in our comments that about 80% of the chain -- 80% of the stores rather for 2013 are existing real estate. So there are seeds of new development, but it's not a heavy influence into next year. And I've talked about this publicly a number of times, our team's very creative in going out to find opportunities for stores. We still have tremendous white space in the country for stores to go in. And the fact that we have become much larger and more successful, we are a very attractive tenant for landlords. So you put all of that together, and that's what has allowed us to find these opportunities. And clearly, as evidenced even by these results for the third quarter, these new stores are performing very well. And it is part of our DNA that we will not pursue quantity above quality. We just happen to be finding both right now. 
Carl Rubin: I don't know if we want to break into that just yet. There's a fair number of new markets, but depends on how you define the market as well, Neely. So I use this example quite often, you take San Francisco where we have, I don't know, 10, 12 stores. It's a market that can support significantly more than that. So as we put more stores in San Francisco and it's -- into the San Francisco general market, a new store is 10 miles away from an existing store, is that considered new, a new market or not? So it -- our point is that there's a lot of greenfield out there. There are some of the stores for next year that are going into single market -- single store or 2-store markets. But a lot of them are infilling into these bigger markets as a whole. So it's kind of a broadbrushed approach that we've got here. 
Carl Rubin: Yes, we still have half the chain on the new program and half the chain on the legacy program. We had converted -- we converted a number of stores earlier this year, and our goal is to get to the 1 program, the points-based program. We're pleased with how the transition's going. But there are changes to the program where we want to get through a full cycle of customer shopping pattern so we understand all the components to it. So we're still half and half. 
Carl Rubin: We'll see. We still have another, I don't know, close to 6 months I guess to go before we anniversary the conversions. So we're making good progress, and we're pleased with the new program. Honestly, we're pleased with the old program. It continues to fuel a lot of goodness for us. We will get to the 1 program, but we just haven't announced the timing exactly. 
Carl Rubin: Well fragrance is -- what happened in Q3 was there was a lot of newness. So we have a lot of new fragrances that have been introduced. We'll see how it goes for fourth quarter. It's -- we haven't really hit the main stride for the fragrance category yet. That does tend to peak very quickly as you get close to the holiday. But newness is important. And between that, and there's a lot of newness, there's a lot of core fragrances that we've had, and our GWPs continued to be wreathly [ph] well received in this fragrance area. So too soon to tell how the fourth quarter's going to shake out on that, but we think our plan is really well laid out. 
Carl Rubin: Yes. No, most of the increase has been driven off of traffic. Last quarter was a little more balanced between ticket and traffic. But we've said all along that long term, we think the traffic will be more the driver, and this quarter was generally in line I think with that mix. We're very pleased. We do think it's a much healthier and sustainable comp driver when most of that's coming out of traffic, not ticket. 
Carl Rubin: And just to add to that, Erika, if you go back and look at our per store inventories, they generally have been relatively consistent quarter-by-quarter. This -- the end of fourth quarter this past year, we dipped down. So the additional inventory that were -- that Scott talked about were -- this year, we're expecting our per store inventory at the end of fourth quarter to be up low double digit. It is kind of a one-timer just to get the per stores by quarter more comparable. And to Scott's point, this -- the additional inventory that we've bought and anticipate continuing to buy, it's not really specific to holiday. It's core. And hence, we're not overly worried about obsolescence of this stock. 
Carl Rubin: We're opening stronger than we have been before, so -- but there's still the maturity curve that we've talked about before, so... 
Carl Rubin: I think I wouldn't anticipate a lot of additional savings per store. The market continues to evolve, and it's an interesting scenario. Compared to a couple of years ago, there were far fewer suppliers, contractors, et cetera. So the supply of resources has tightened up a bit. Therefore, some of the cost savings that we've gotten before, we're not going to lose. But I'm not sure that we'll see as much additional savings there. But -- so I think I would model it to be relatively consistent to this year. 
Carl Rubin: It's -- firstly, I'll give you an answer, but let me give you some disclaimer to it. It's a pretty broad industry from everything from prestige to mass to hair care to appliances, et cetera. With -- so I'll give you that as the backdrop. I think if you put all of that together, you're probably seeing low single-digit kinds of increases. 
Carl Rubin: Well, I think that when we talk about the 3 to 5, we're trying to highlight that this is a profit-generating, cash-generating business with 3 to 5 comps. That's the first point. Secondly, our growth has been and will continue to lead the market. We will continue to gain market share in the beauty industry. The growth that we've seen, as to be expected, I think as in this quarter and last quarter, we were lower than the previous quarters. To expect double-digit kinds of comps endlessly, it would be probably an unwise conclusion. So the 3 to 5 that we have in our long-term financial model is just that. It's a long-term financial model to ensure that we continue to generate the kind of strong shareholder returns that we have been. We work to exceed that, so obviously, we have been doing that quite consistently for the past couple of years, and we're going to continue to strive to do that as we go forward. 
Carl Rubin: Well, that's a tough one to answer. No, first of all, Sephora only carries prestige fragrance, cosmetics and skincare. We're a much broader retailer. There are other large big-box operators out there that have terrific businesses and they're mature and generate terrific returns. Their business is different than ours. I think what we've said before is that getting into the mid-teens is what we're working towards now. If you go back a couple of years ago, we were in the single digits. And back then, I'm not sure that anybody would have believed that we have the potential of getting for the mid-teens. When we get there, our challenge will be to continue to grow that. So I wouldn't suggest that's the ceiling on us. I would suggest that's what we're striving for to get there in the next x period of time. But there -- and I wouldn't compare it to necessarily to other retailers that we directly compete with. 
Carl Rubin: No, Jason, we wouldn't get into that. We run a multidimensional merchandising and marketing program. And we work closely with our vendors to develop exclusive product, to provide input into the product that they're going to offer on a broad range. We work with them on promotions. I don't see any great value of getting into the details of any specific program. I will reinforce to your point that the robe has -- goes into effect this weekend officially. And we would invite everybody on the call to be sure to get to one of our stores or online and enjoy that as a gift with their fragrance purchase. 
Carl Rubin: A couple of things. One is, the merchants did a great job of putting an offering together that was profitable, had a lot of exclusivity to it and was really well targeted to our guest. And then, the stores did a terrific job of servicing. So we also -- this year, we did open a lot of our stores earlier than we did the year before to go along with what was happening in the center with our other retailers that we co-habitate with. So when you put it all together, the offering, the marketing was quite effective and the experience in the store, it led to a really good Thanksgiving weekend. 
Carl Rubin: A number of ways, just to touch on a couple. Clearly, you can go out to our website and find it on on-store locator. We're using digital communications, and we are putting them into versioned additions of our print marketing, so -- and we've done other direct marketing that has been exclusive to Clinique around the stores that have carried it. So it has been pretty multidimensional in terms of how we're getting the word out. 
Carl Rubin: Well, let me just thank everyone for your interest in Ulta and joining us today and wish everybody a happy holiday season, and we will look forward to speaking with you soon and hopefully seeing you in our stores or online even sooner. Thanks so much. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, Matt, the leverage that you're referring to, I agree it's a little bit unexpected. But the drivers of that were additional labor that we pushed through the supply chain and other additional costs that were related to these inventory investments that we made during the third quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Well, we're thinking about the hurdles that we're jumping over from last year. You have to remember that the comp last year was significantly higher with 11-plus percent for the quarter and a 12% plus during that very important 6-week holiday selling season. So as we look at it year-over-year, we see that merchandise margin relatively flattish and a little bit -- a pressure on the fixed store leverage because of the large number of new stores that we just put in place over the last 2 quarters. 
Scott Settersten: Obviously, when we get to March, Dan, we'll give you a better predictor of how the store rollout schedule is going to work for next year. I don't think you'd be too far off base if you use 2012 as kind of the proxy as far as store rollout for 2013 at this stage. 
Scott Settersten: Again, as we've progressed, look to the future, we're still working on achieving our mid-teen operating margin in the next few years, Dan. And again, it's going to be balanced between both gross profit and SG&A leverage. So again, it's going to move in tandem over the quarters. It's not necessarily going to be in perfect balance each quarter. There's going to be a little lumpiness along the way. But again all in, that's where we're headed on target. 
Scott Settersten: We're not ready to get into that quite yet today, Dan. We'll be prepared to give you a little bit more detail on that when we talk to you in March. 
Scott Settersten: Well, Erika, our #1 goal is to provide our guests with the best in-store experience that we can. And obviously, part of that is maintaining high in-stock levels. As we came out of a spectacular fourth quarter last year with the high comps that we had, we found that we had some in-stock challenges as we worked our way post-holiday and into the January, February timeframe. We've also noted -- noticed over the years that some of our smaller vendors are having a -- having more of a challenge keeping up with our out of stocks as our store base continues to grow. So the investments that we're making are in core high-velocity SKUs with no obsolescence risk. We will remain highly disciplined and continue to prudently manage our inventory levels as we have in the past. Again, there might be a little upside to comps in the January, February timeframe. But this, in our view, is a long-term investment. It's going to help the business in the long term. 
Scott Settersten: And the new store class -- I would add, the new store class in 2012 is operating, delivering at above our expectations. And again, I think we may have mentioned this previously, yes, the older stores and the new store comps are built into our guidance. The older stores are turning a bit above those post 5-year comps that are part of our standard store model. 
Scott Settersten: Evren, we discuss the cash balance and the best uses of cash with our board on a regular basis. As you know, we paid a special dividend back in May of this year. At this point in time, we've determined collectively that the best use of cash is in -- to continue to invest in our new store program. That's what generates the best returns on that balance. 
