Mary Dillon: Thank you, Matt. Honestly, it's -- I would say it's a convergence of multiple factors, some of which you just said. So we've been on a path for a while to drive increased brand awareness that obviously starts with that. People need to know who we are. I would say that, certainly, the assortment of products, of brands, the acceleration of new brands and the, frankly, the great performance of newness of new brands and the newness within existing brands has been a key factor. And I would also say that our sort of demand-creation engine just gets more fine-tuned. The team's done a great job through loyalty -- evolving the way that we promote to becoming more personalized. Our CRM platform working extremely well. As you mentioned, the launch of the credit cards has been another layer of a way for us to drive relevancy and drive share of beauty wallet with our shoppers. So it's really a combination of all of those things coming together plus, I would say, fantastic execution. So in store, the experience we think just gets better. Our associates have done a fantastic job of converting guests into our loyalty program. And obviously, our loyalty members are driving the majority of our sales. And of course, our in stocks are just getting better all the time. The supply chain and systems and teams behind those are working to just make sure that guests have what they want. So I hate to throw the laundry list at you, but it really is a combination of all of those factors working in concert. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'm not sure if I could do exactly the equation you're doing, but you know that the majority of our sales are -- vast majority are driven by our loyalty members. And so that's where the growth is coming from, and we know that we're getting new -- I mean, we just really keep accelerating the growth of the number of people in the loyalty program, having 21.7 at the end of last quarter. So yes, I would say that those things go together. And awareness is part of what's driving them in, but it's also the relevancy of our offers and everything else that we're doing. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Thank you, Adrienne. Yes, can't get specific about the quarter that we're in. I'll just give you a little bit of color on it. We're pleased with how the holiday is starting, very pleased. And I think you saw that in action. I would say there's kind of a few things. One is that really, it's about what we sell, what we offer. So I mentioned some of this already, but we've really got great new brands, existing brands with great newness. And then I would say we just keep raising our game as it relates to whether it's partnering with our brand partners on exclusives and great holiday kits or really raising our own game like on our Ulta Beauty Collection blockbusters and products. So that, I would say, is a continuation of just improving. It's not new, but it's what we do but doing it better. Even our gift with purchase, stronger than year ago, and then really pull together in a really fantastic 360-degree marketing plan. So more to come in the holiday. I'm pleased with how it's starting both in-store and online frankly and, again, I said our store teams and our supply chain working together to make sure that the experience is great for the guest. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I would say on the traffic versus ticket, to me, the ideal is just to be balanced, and we've been doing that, I think, pretty effectively. Last quarter, I think we were about 2/3 traffic, 1/3 ticket, and retail online was mostly transact -- traffic, which is great. But that balance is important because it's the ability to just continue to grow the business and not be reliant on just sort of a set number of people and visits. So a balance I think we'd expect to hope -- it's never going to be exactly that every quarter, but that's the overall goal. In terms of e-comm profitability, I mean, I guess that's a constant area of focus. First of all, our e-commerce business has gotten more profitable in the last couple of years as we've expanded the assortment, certainly the investments in supply chain, being able to get those orders together in more effective and efficient way. It will probably always be a somewhat lower profit margin than in the bricks-and-mortar part of the business just because of the shipping costs, but we're happy with it. I mean, the online business, as you can tell as we talked at Analyst Day, is -- looks to be quite incremental to our guests in terms of how she uses the channel. And so as we continue to close the gap on profit margin, it's a great part of business. 
Mary Dillon: Well, thank you, Jason. I don't know. I mean, I really can just focus on playing our offense, which sounds cliché. But I think we've got a really good bead on the insights, and Dave talked about this. That core focus on is our guest, current and prospective guests, what their needs are, how to think about the shopping experience, partnering with our brand partners to have great products and then our teams putting together great demand tools whether it's a CRM platform, credit card, all the marketing. So I mean, I really -- can't really comment on what people are doing or not doing. We certainly pay a lot of attention and are out there watching it as well. I'm proud about the fact that I think we're leading through guest insights and really driving execution through a lot of collaboration, and it's working. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. On the loyalty, Simeon, so -- I mean, we're growing rapidly and adding new members. But the majority of the sales are coming from existing members or members that have reactivated. But as we get new members into the program every day, frankly every week, obviously, that gives us a great base for future sales growth. 
Mary Dillon: I'd just like to thank our 30,000 associates for another fantastic quarter and all the hard work everybody has put in and has continued to put in to give our guests a great shopping experience over the holiday season. And thanks to all of you for your interest in Ulta Beauty, and we wish you a happy and healthy holiday. 
David Kimbell: We're really excited to have it, particularly on the brow bar. No we wouldn't -- we're still monitoring and tracking it. It's relatively new on the brow bar. So there's no real specific data that we're ready to share about direct impact, but we think it's really important for us across all services to make it as easy as possible for our guests to make appointments and engage with us. And so we'll continue to evolve the technology. And we know that it'll improve the guest experience, and we're excited about that going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So about new brands and where we see opportunity, I'll start with just saying we see opportunity across all parts of the store. That's one of the real secrets to our success is this all things beauty, all in one place. So we're looking for growth in prestige brands, mass brands, hair, skincare, fragrance. And we've been -- and that's part of the reason we've been having success is we've been bringing in new brands or expanding with existing brands in all parts of the store. And specifically, you asked about department stores brands or big established brands versus upstarts. And frankly, I think we're looking for both. We talked about expansion in some of the biggest established prestige brands. You know we've been continuing to expand our partnership with Clinique and Lancôme. We're just getting started with Estée Lauder and NARS, and -- but then upstarts has been a big part of our success over time, and we feel really privileged to be partnering with smaller brands that are innovating in new and creative ways. Makeup Revolution in the mass cosmetic space is one example of that, that has demonstrated some nice growth. So we'll look -- we will look for those opportunities as well, and both of those areas will continue to drive our growth. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So yes, we're really -- feel really good about where we are from our overall marketing campaign. We did -- this third quarter was the lap of our first national TV campaign in the fall of 2015. And as Mary said, we repeated that again, really supporting our 21 Days Of Beauty effort in the middle of the quarter, and the results were quite strong. We track that. We measure it very closely. We see strong and growing ROI across that probably most visible vehicle in TV. But other elements of our marketing plan, really all elements of our marketing plan are coming together to continue to drive awareness and growth. Radio is a strong contributor to that, but we've been investing much more heavily in the digital space, in awareness, in social media, influencer, really across our entire digital footprint to connect with our guest where she wants to be connected. Mary mentioned in her remarks, our Ulta Beauty Mix is an example of that on our own website, of creating our own content as a big push, also partnering with influencers to drive that. So TV is a big part of it. We're pleased with the results. We're continuing that as we speak over the holiday period. We're back on air, and we see that as a part of our mix. But we'll also continue to innovate in all parts of it to make sure we're really taking advantage of the awareness opportunity that we see ahead of us. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Overall, I'd say we continue to be really pleased with the addition of these boutiques. We haven't shared specific incrementality, although we'd say this is incremental to our business and the new boutique are behave -- or performing as well or better than the -- at this stage in their life as the previous boutiques that we've launched. So we wouldn't have any reason to believe that they wouldn't continue to add in the way they have been adding. Having said that, of course, they are just a portion of our new brand additions. So while they're important, a lot of other things have been driving our overall comp growth in new brand additions. So we're pleased with it, and we see growth come in as we look into 2017. 
David Kimbell: Yes. On the specific categories, I guess, I'd just say that we're, one, really pleased across all categories that we're seeing strong growth. I think Mary mentioned in her remarks that we're gaining share in each of our key categories. And the drivers, overall, we've talked about in the past is just a highly engaged consumer in beauty and our continued ability to connect with her and gain market share and gain her trust and loyalty and wallet share. And we think specifically within makeup, a lot of trends driving makeup. It is the fastest-growing segment of beauty right now, and that's really driven by a high-level engagement, particularly with young women, teens and millennials but really across all age groups and all ethnicities. Hispanic and all women of color, in particular, are heavily engaged in makeup. There's more education and training and knowledge and trends around different makeup looks and styles. So it is just a really healthy category, and our participation in that has expanded through the brands that we're carrying, the way we're marketing it, the way we're participating in social media, so we're benefiting from that. Skincare has been struggling for a few years but has shown some nice signs of growth. Korean skincare has played a role in that. We're seeing strong growth in different aspects. Masks are a big part but other Asian skincare trends are driving growth. And overall recognition by millennials, in particular, that it isn't all about makeup, but you need to make sure your skin is in good shape as well. And so we're seeing a nice rebound at skincare. Other categories, fragrance, that's -- that is -- isn't growing anywhere near the level of makeup but a lot of innovation in that space. We, of course, have been driving that with -- one example of that is our Sarah Jessica Parker exclusive, STASH. So a lot of different reasons across key categories, and we -- it's a big focus for Ulta to make sure that we're front and center in all of those trends. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So on the boutiques, you're right. We've talked about 500 total boutique installations across the entire chain, both new and existing stores, and with those 3 brands: Clinique, Lancôme and Benefit. We said before that we intend or anticipate that -- about that same amount next year, both new stores as well as existing stores. I wouldn't think of it as much going to a different tier of stores. We've really been rolling them out in our comp stores based on what's optimal from a scheduling standpoint, where it can fit lease terms for stores. Because we do other activities within the store when we put a boutique in. We'll  update our Ulta Beauty Collection presentation. In some cases, we put in a new fragrance presentation. So it is a part -- an important part but only a portion of the activity that we have in store when we put that in. So we'll continue to put those in next year and see that again. I'd say -- well, so that's important. It is one element of the new brand activity that we'll have across the whole chain next year. And as far as e-com growth in the fourth quarter, we just -- we feel confident within the guidance that we've given, and we'll continue to try to focus on that business. We're happy the results we've had so far this year, and it's an important season for e-com -- for our e-commerce business. And we're confident in our efforts. 
David Kimbell: Yes, yes. So we shared some of the -- those statistics back at our Analyst Day. It's really consistent in that 6% range of online omni-channel shopper. It's growing a little bit. But when our base store growth is so strong, it takes a really high e-commerce growth to make a big difference in that number. But importantly, the absolute number of omni-channel shoppers is expanding, and that's very much part of our overall strategy. We see that as a big part of our future growth, is to get her fully engaged in all aspects of our business: e-commerce, retail business, services and salon. We feel like once we can get her engaged in all parts, then her loyalty raises, her spend has gone up. We shared those numbers before. And so we're continuing to see that in the third quarter, and it will be a focus for us going forward. 
David Kimbell: I'd just say mobile, to put it simplistically, is certainly -- for us, it is the focus of really all of our e-commerce efforts on this. So we'll continue to work on our desktop. But the -- where all the growth is and the attention is in mobile. Over 2/3 of our traffic is coming through mobile right now and a growing part of our sales and 2 core components of that, content and commerce. And we'll keep building a content experience that gives her access to the information when and where she wants it and then just make it as easy as possible for her to shop. It's a different -- as you well know, it's a different shopping experience on a mobile device. And so we're continuing to innovate in that space and make it easy through finding products, paying for products and exploring new information and trends. So it's really a focus for us. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I would say as we look at 2016, the third quarter kind of represented the high watermark, I guess, I would say, as far as the deleverage is concerned. Again, a lot of factors come together at that particular point in a year whether it's boutiques ramping up, new stores, right, 42 new stores there is kind of the high bar. The supply chain, we're just getting out of the gate with our Dallas C [ph] there. So it takes a while for those things to scale up. So fourth quarter, as we go in with the heavier sales lift in the fourth quarter, we expect to see operating margin expansion and SG&A leverage as well. As I look to '17 and beyond, I would just be a little careful there. Again, we've given some long-term financial framework there, right, where we expect operating margin to expand. And I think we said generally, heavier on the gross profit line, a little bit less so on the SG&A line, but they both are expected to leverage in '17 and beyond. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So as far as the product margins are concerned, Joe, it's really just a continuation of all the things we've been doing over the course of the last couple 2 to 3 years, right? So just being smart about our marketing, our merchandise mix, how we're optimizing the business for both in short and the long term. So we mentioned pulling back on broader kind of promotional efforts and kind of redeploying some of that into more targeted things with our loyalty and CRM tools. I mean, that just continues to work really well. So we're a pragmatic crew here. One of the fortunate things we have in this model is being able to toggle while we're in the quarter, right, and watching sales trends. So we mentioned the credit card got off to a spectacular start as we got into the quarter. We weren't expecting it to be quite so strong. So again, Mary mentioned there was a -- there's a nice offer there, right, 20% off your entire purchase when you sign up initially. So as we saw that kind of take off, we are able to pull back on the postcard that we typically do later in the quarter. So again, just looking at all the different elements and levers that we have to pull and try to optimize total results each quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I mean, directionally, we're on the same -- when I say it's the high watermark for supply chain deleverage, we're not expecting a lot of improvement, I guess I would say, in the fourth quarter. It's in -- it's directionally about roughly the same kind of deleverage level. But again, it takes -- these are, I would say, we -- inside joke here, we're kind of the belt and suspenders crew when we think of some of these behind the curtain, complex new systems and processes that we're implementing. So better to be prudent and careful and make sure that we can execute to make sure we keep our guests happy and the performance in both those buildings is outstanding. They're doing much better than original targets and expectations, so we're very happy with the performance. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I would just say, overall, the guidance is prudent, right? I mean, holiday is wild and woolly. A lot of things can happen, weather, other kinds of things. So we just want to make sure that we're prudent with our outlook and make sure that we provide financial targets that we feel comfortable that we can hit. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Again, there's always a lot of things to consider during the course of a quarter, right, and this pre-announcement always presents a little bit of risk. So again, you want to be confident in the numbers you're offering up to investors, right, that you're -- you feel confident that you can hit the target. So there was some hurricane things floating around there in the middle of the quarter, there was the election, the uncertainty. Again, we didn't see it reflected in our business day to day, but everyone else seemed to be talking about it. So again it was just making sure we are prudent and comfortable with what we were communicating. 
Scott Settersten: Oh, I'm sorry. I did share the comp piece, not the incentive. Yes, so that year-over-year, that there was an impact in SG&A, it's not the most significant piece of it, but there definitely was higher incentive comp accrued this year obviously because of the performance, right, from what we initially thought early in the year. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the SG&A line is concerned, the answer to the question is yes. It did delever even ex the store impairment charge. It was primarily kind of a mixture of things, store payroll being one of the primary drivers. Again, part of it is connected to the boutique strategy. So there's a lot of training and payroll preparation associated with those new boutiques that are kind of just getting off the starting line during the course of the third quarter, right, and setting us up for success in fourth quarter and many quarters beyond that. And then we also kind of -- we were also -- with people cost-associated expenses in the quarter, again the way we kind of operate out, but we finally get all of our corporate headcount kind of adds in place usually in the third quarter. So again, that's maxed the leverage point during the course of the year and then a little bit of incentive compensation that goes along with that year-over-year comparison. Again, we leverage that as we go into fourth quarter and into following years. 
