Scott Settersten: Yes. So to the first part of your question, Michael, what we're talking about today is consistent with how we framed it up at our Analyst Day in the later part of October. So again, over the longer term, we're very confident we can deliver operating margin in the 13 to 14 percentage range. We, again, reiterated today, that's a function of what we expect to be a more moderate top line sales growth environment next year, coupled with a more normalized investment cycle for the company, and that's with people cost and all the capital costs that go along with all those new great strategic initiatives that we have well underway now.  So as we think about potential sales overperformance next year, which, again, we would hope to see that, we would continue to take what we always have as a very disciplined, pragmatic approach to long-term investment to drive healthy growth in the business balanced against short-term operating results. So again, just making sure we take a very balanced approach to that as we have in the past, and you can expect that to continue into the future. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I don't think there's anything incrementally new, I guess, I could share. It's really a combination of all the variables that we've been talking about with investors and with the analyst for quite some time. So it all kind of gets back to our EFG efforts, right? So a lot of great work has been done by our teams over the last couple of years across a wide variety of cost targets across our business. We talked about occupancy costs. We've been talking about promotional effectiveness. We've been talking about core end-to-end process opportunities. We've been talking about supply chain investments for the future. So there's a lot of variables at play here.  We're, I think, producing very good results this year under very difficult circumstances. So all this good work now is starting to bear fruit for us. So again, I would say those are the building blocks that we start with as we started thinking about our longer-term plan. And then as you heard us describe at Analyst Day, now we're into 2.0, I guess, I would call it, with our continuous improvement initiatives, right? And so building highly skilled resources internally here that can help us get after some of those harder to capture benefits. And of course, some of the new infrastructure investments that we talked about as well at Analyst Day, especially in Project SOAR, which is really a multigenerational opportunity for us to reimagine business flows across the business and improve our processes and take a lot of inefficiencies out of the business here. But again, some of that takes time.  So as we're thinking about the next 3 years or so, EFG core benefits will continue to deliver good cost optimization for us in the near term, and then CI with SOAR will drive longer-term benefits for us. So we still think there's plenty of opportunity to keep operating margins in a very healthy 13% to 14% range here over the longer term. 
Scott Settersten: Sure. Thanks for the question. So big picture, operating margin versus 2020, it's going to be flattish in the fourth quarter. And versus 2019, we'd see some deleverage in operating margin. Again, both of those will have a mix of gross margin expansion and SG&A deleverage. So gross margin goodness coming from all the things we've talked about this year, fixed store cost leverage, merchandise margin improvements versus 2020. Channel mix is a benefit for us versus last year. Channel mix, more of a headwind versus 2019. So gross margin leverage for both years.  On the SG&A line, again, deleverage for both years. 2020 not as significant as it is versus 2019. Again, 2020, consistent with all the things we've been talking about all year with the addition of incentive compensation, I guess I would say, is more significant in the fourth quarter than earlier in the year. And then when we compare it back to 2019, store labor and wages, not only hours, but wage rates are up significantly versus 2019. Incentive comp, again, is a bigger impact versus 2019. If you remember, 2019, we were short of our targets in 2021. It's a bit of a different story, and then marketing expense as well. Again, more investment versus 2019 when we were kind of battening down the hatches, I guess I would say, in a tougher environment. And this year, we're taking advantage of tailwinds and investing in market awareness activities to, again, capture more market share over the long term. So that's what I would say a short story. Again, super excited and happy with the results so far this year through Q3 and very encouraged and excited about the kickoff to the fourth quarter. 
David Kimbell: And Michael, I'd just add to what Scott said, just to reiterate what we talked about at Analyst Day that we are very optimistic about the path ahead. That's reflected in that long-term guidance. We believe we'll be growing faster than the market. The initiatives, both in our core business today as well as new programs and initiatives that we'll be adding over next year and the years ahead, give us a lot of confidence that we'll be leading the category and delivering profitable growth over that time frame. And as we shared at Analyst Day, we see a lot of confidence in that path ahead. 
David Kimbell: Great. Thanks, Lorraine. Yes, makeup, obviously, is an important topic for us and one that we're very focused on, and I'd reiterate our confidence in the category. It is -- as I said in the remarks, it is not performing at the level that our other categories, skincare, haircare, bath, fragrance, which are all delivering double-digit comp versus 2020. It has not caught up to that level of growth. But even with that, we feel encouraged by what we're seeing.  Our mass side of the business remains double-digit growth versus 2019 and is performing well. And our prestige business improved in the quarter, and we saw some real pockets of growth and success. And I think it's a combination of things, both currently driving the business and as we look forward. We continue to see strong innovation and growth from a number of brands, brands across the spectrum from Clinique and NARS and Lancôme to NYX and Maybelline. We're expanding MAC into 200 additional stores to have it in over 500 of our stores. We've launched new brands like Bobby Brown, and we're seeing newness from Laura Mercier, ColourPop, Urban Decay, Tarte. And so it is -- there's a robust pipeline, and it's hitting across all price points.  When I look at some of the trends that we see in the market and we believe will drive the business into next year. There's a number of things that, again, encourage us. We see really a duality of looks that's going on right now, a combination -- many consumers looking to a combination of both natural looks and bolder looks. Looks, the bolder looks that reflect kind of this idea of individual expression, bold colors with innovation, innovative formulas, color boost that bright impactful, particularly around the eye. And that's -- that combination of people looking to do both, natural and bolder colors, is really positive.  We've talked about skinification for a while, bringing moisturizing benefits or lightweight concealers or other elements that combine those categories. There's evolved application techniques, including what we kind of see as kind of next generation of contouring that's been driven by TikTok and other social media, which we think is encouraging. New product forms, including long wear lip. We've been looking at inclusive beauty for a while, and that's continuing to drive across all different types of skin tones, again, driven by influence and TikTok. And mascara and lashes is another space I've mentioned that we're seeing innovation and growth. A combination of both using more -- with more than one product or having different mascaras for different events and different times a day.  So a number of things that are coming together that are helping improve the category and give us confidence as we look forward. So as we look at the -- both the trend impact in the total category and the pipeline that we have, both of existing brands and new brands on the horizon in 2022, we feel confident in the path ahead and are working every day to drive that business forward. 
David Kimbell: Well, yes, I'm not going to give you real, like, exact specifics of how any one launch would match up with others, other than to say we're thrilled about our partnership with OLAPLEX. We're already in partnership. We have been for several weeks now with our salon service, and that's performing exceptionally well, exceeding our expectations. Our guests are thrilled by it. And importantly, our stylist are thrilled by it. And so it's -- that's gotten out of the gates really strong. And as we move into January to be able to launch the product line in all stores, in online, a complete assortment of OLAPLEX.  As I mentioned in the remarks, and you know it's the #1 prestige haircare brand, and so we anticipate that it will have a big impact on our hair business and continue to support and drive our salon business. So we're excited about it, and we're putting the unique capabilities of Ulta Beauty behind the launch, a real 360 marketing program, leveraging our almost 36 million members and all the marketing tools and capabilities and partnership with just a fantastic OLAPLEX team. So excited about that launch and looking forward to taking the next step of that in January.  And then as far as other -- extending into Target, we look at every brand and every opportunity, and nothing here to specifically talk about as it relates to OLAPLEX. But Target is -- we're excited about, and we'll continue to evolve that assortment over time. 
David Kimbell: Great. Omar, thanks for the question. Yes, I'd really -- I guess I'd answer that by looking back at what we shared at Analyst Day and the comprehensive nature of our strategic approach. There isn't any one thing that gives us confidence. And yes, we are having a very strong year, recovering out of the challenges of 2020 and increasing versus 2019. But by no means do we think this is kind of the end of the road. We actually see this is us strengthening and leading the category recovery. We think the category itself is going to be healthy beauty category in 2022 and beyond. And we think our differentiated model will continue to lead that category, gain share and drive growth for us. So it is the combination of an exceptional differentiated assortment. Nobody has the collection of products that we have, and we've brought a lot of newness in this year, some of that hitting even late in the year like OLAPLEX hitting in January that we'll be driving. And we've got a pipeline that I'm excited about going into 2022, and we'll be sharing that as time is appropriate. So assortment always drives our business.  Our loyalty program recovered from 2020, frankly, faster than we thought. And we think that's a great sign that what we believe what's going on in 2020 when we took a step back was not because they didn't like Ulta, just the disruption in their lives, and they've shown us that retention is high. We're acquiring new members. We're bringing lapsed members back in, and we see many more beauty enthusiasts to capture -- we see that growth happening across age groups. You know -- you've heard us talk about our strength with Gen Z as one example, and we see a lot of opportunity to continue to gain with our loyalty program.  And then frankly, the unique combination of digital and physical. We believe guests are showing us demonstrating with their loyalty and their spend that they really do prefer what all the data says, and they're showing us with their dollars they prefer to shop a combination of physical and digital. That's why our e-com actually grew in Q3 after such strong growth in 2020, even as our stores show exceptional growth versus 2020. So that experience and our continued innovation and evolution across both digital and physical, we believe is where the consumer is going, and we're leading in that as well. And then all the other initiatives, our program with Target, of course, is massive, new programs like Ulta Beauty UB Media. So we think we've got a pipeline. Growth won't be what it is this year, and that's reflected. But we're going to lead this category, and it's going to take -- it will be a unique combination of what makes us differentiated that gives us confidence. 
David Kimbell: Great. Well, thank you for joining us today, and I want to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates across our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices who are working hard to ensure we deliver an outstanding guest experience this holiday season and who are committed to taking good care of our guests and each other every single day. As I said in the past, we have the absolute best team in retail, and I am so proud to lead this great team.  We hope you all have a safe and joyous holiday season, and we look forward to speaking to all of you again in March when we report our fourth quarter and full year results. Have a great evening. 
