Mary Dillon: Well, thank you, Chris. Let me just start by saying I guess there's always promotion in retail in this time of the year in particular. We're -- if you step back and look at our business and our business results, we feel that we're kind of operating in a different way than most other retailers right now and we're pretty proud of that. So our trends are kind of transcending some of the dynamics like weather and mall traffic or other things. And certainly, from a promotional perspective, we've been actually able to drive healthy comp sales growth with actually pulling back in terms of broad discounting. Now having said that, we're really focused on using our loyalty program, our CRM capabilities, the whole toolkit of products and in-store experience to drive this great guest experience. So I'm not diminishing the fact that we're certainly in a promotional environment. We understand that. But we feel that our business is really well set up to perform really well at holiday because we're positioning ourselves as a great gift-giving destination and the formula is working well for us. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. I love the way everybody's getting 2 questions in. That's pretty tricky. We'll try to get to as many as we can. Just kidding, Matt. Anyway, I guess I'll say a couple of things and maybe I'll ask Dave to add more to it as well. But initial feeling about our marketing mix evolution, I'm thrilled to death, frankly. I mean, this has been a journey that I think we've been on, as you know, for the past couple of years and say how can we evolve our demand creation smartly in a way that's going to just drive healthy, long-term growth in the business. And I couldn't be more pleased. I think every -- the team is just fantastic. We've done a lot of experimentation, been very careful about it to not swing the pendulum too dramatically. But now we're in a position to have this really full kind of marketing mix and we're just really getting started, I guess. And so that's a key part of, we think, one of the key growth levers for us going forward in terms of our ability to continue to get new guests and drive more market share gains with existing guests. And then on the mass side of the house, again, I'd ask [ph] Dave to add more, but I'm thrilled about that too because the whole brand promise of Ulta is, I don't mean to sound commercial here, but All Things Beauty, All in One Place is a very meaningful idea to our guests to be able to get categories and price points and brands. And we're really looking at that as something that's differentiated and ownable for the long term and as a result, all the categories have to be important to us and have to perform and they are. And maybe you could add some more about that,  Dave. 
Mary Dillon: And on small store, we're really pleased with the performance of the 2 stores that we're operating. And really what we're doing is learning about 2 kind of things at once, right, which is one is about operating alternate footprint and then continuing to learn about the smaller market opportunity. Both of those look promising to us, I guess is the way I would say it. So we already have several successful 10,000 square-foot stores in small markets. So a small market is not that new to us. But we see that as continuing to be a future opportunity, and I guess you can just continue to see us experiment with different footprint sizes that will give us more growth opportunities. So whether it's a small -- smaller store in urban or suburban streetscape, we're looking at all of those things. But those 2 stores in and of themselves are performing fine and give us some good insights. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Aram, and I guess I can answer that at a pretty high level. The first thing I would just say is actually we are really proud of our entire supply chain and DC team members right now because they work really hard, doing a lot of things at once, right? So the new distribution center, we're pleased with how that's going so far. All our DCs are busy with holiday and e-commerce fulfillment and really improving that year-over-year, so really great. And I guess the main thing I would say is that as we -- we're absolutely planning to take all learnings. It's in the process right now, and we're taking -- getting Greenwood up and running to apply it to the next distribution center. And we've got, in fact, the team from the future distribution center working at Greenwood over holiday right now to both help as well as to help gain insights in terms of how we can apply all the learnings, everything from across the board. So at a high level, I would say we're pleased with how it's going, still improvements to be made for sure, but we're very focused on making sure that we make it even easier, I guess, the next time. 
Mary Dillon: And on the services question, I can't tell you exact answer to the capacity question. I can tell you that we see this a great opportunity for our business going forward. That's why it's one of the strategic imperatives, and we're actively and I think aggressively growing the business. We know that when somebody is using, for example, our salon, any of our services, they're going to be coming more often, spending more, they're great guests. Today, only under 7% of our loyalty members are using the salon, for example. So we know there's plenty of upside there across all 3 of services that we provide and we'll continue to be looking at how high is up with that. 
Mary Dillon: So let me take the Black Friday part to the extent that I can comment on, and then Dave maybe you can take the part for how we're set up for the holiday, okay? So obviously, I can't comment on specific trends in the quarter. The guidance that we've provided incorporates what we've seen to date, here's what I will say though that I'm really pleased with the execution that we're seeing, in-stock levels, staffing in stores, the offers themselves. Probably one of the most significant things is our e-commerce service level, strong improvement. We've really focused on that year-over-year to improve our fulfillment capabilities and delivery speeds. And just for a moment, I actually do just want to call out, this is a really good example of what I think is kind of, I guess, every CEO will say this, but I think pretty unique at Ulta, which is people working together in truly collective ways against a broader kind of purpose. So even just improving e-commerce fulfillment takes a big cross-functional effort, and we're very focused on how our teams continue to improve and collaborate and communicate and get better every day. So -- and that all sets us up well for the future. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I mean, it is definitely a bigger part of the business at holiday. We do a lot with our Gifts with Purchase and our guests love that. Our fragrance trends were strong in the last quarter. As you know, it's a bit of a up and down category, I guess I'd say in terms of it's a little bit more trend driven. We think the prestige side is obviously a really strong part of the category that tends to be a little more consistent, I guess, is what I would say. But important category for us. Again, it's part of the overall brand promise. We're just trying to pick our spots to make sure that we got the right portfolio for our guests and for our business. 
Mary Dillon: On the traffic question. First of all, I would say we're proud that our traffic trends are transcending what's really happening at retail, and we're successfully driving a lot of healthy traffic to the stores. It's really not -- there's not exact science to this, I will tell you, and that's probably not [ph] what you want to hear. But the good news is it does feel like -- it looks like a lot of things coming together. So more relevant product portfolio, loyalty program, this broader marketing mix that includes things that can help drive -- are helping to drive awareness and new guests acquisition, CRM, online and in-store experience. So it's kind of like all of them together is really what we think is the magic that's working for us. And we think -- we're confident we'll be able to continue some of those levers, and we think many of them have multiyear runways. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you. I'd like to first thank our associates for achieving these great results. They continue to make great progress on our strategic imperatives and taking care of our guests, especially during this very busy holiday season. I want to thank all of you for your interest in Ulta Beauty. We look forward to speaking again with you soon. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, well, we've been clearly stating throughout the year that third quarter was going to be probably the most significant headwind with respect to the supply chain investments, specifically around the distribution center there in Greenwood, Indiana. So that's the biggest one-time -- I guess, one-time, that's a tough term to use, but that was the biggest single factor as far as the deleverage was concerned in the third quarter. And again, that would -- we expect that to moderate now as we march into the fourth quarter. So I think the biggest challenge for the year in the gross profit line is kind of behind us. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the margin question is concerned, again, the distribution center drag was the biggest driver that deleveraged year-over-year. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, I mean, the mass -- the spike up in the mass comp kind of surprised us a bit. So net-net, year-over-year, merch margins were better, I mean, by and large, the reduced promotional cadence that we had this year versus last year. But the mass comp surprised us a little bit versus our forecast, I guess I would say. So again, a great thing overall for the business, and we're willing to take that part of the business to the bottom line as well, even if it is a little bit lower margin range. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, and I guess I would just add. Again, we have a 5-year road map, right, for our supply chain and merch systems kind of rebuild and we've got a couple existing centers out there, right? So there's -- we're keeping at the back of our mind how the guest experience, how it's going to evolve over the long time and we're going to toggle back and forth to make the best decisions over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess, as far as Greenwood is concerned, again, just to echo what Mary's already said here a couple, we are tickled pink with how the team has executed down there, got the building opened. We're off the ground. We're servicing stores. We're hitting our e-commerce throughput targets there on a daily basis now, which just gives us a lot more confidence on what we're going to be undertaking in Dallas next year. Again, the learnings that we're generating every day there, the ability to apply that quicker. So I mean, to your point, we're working through our 2016 plan as we speak and thinking about how quickly we can ramp up Greenwood now, right, to add more capacity there to make -- to gain more efficiencies and cost savings and then how can we get out of the gate quicker in Dallas next year. So all that's kind of a work in process, and we'll be able to share more details with you on that in March when we give guidance for next year. 
Scott Settersten: No, we don't get into that level of detail, Simeon. I'm sorry. When I look at kind of the aggregate for the fourth quarter, I think by and large, everyone's in the right zip code, I guess, when I look at margin, SG&A, kind of split. I think most people maybe are a little too conservative on the margin line. I think margins for the fourth quarter, the gross profit margin will be closer to flattish compared to last year. Certainly, you can work the math there with the offset on the SG&A line. 
Scott Settersten: Well, I guess I'll take a shot at this. We're still -- we got to close out 2015, right? We're still a long way from being complete, I guess I would say, to get through the holiday season here. We're feeling great about the business. The underlying trends are very strong. We feel like we have a lot of levers. We're in control of those, right? A lot of new merchandise newness coming through the business, the loyalty programs doing better than what we expected. We've got some of these brand awareness things out that are really kicking in, but we're -- we still have to see the results in some of that, right? We're still in the very early stages. So the long-term guidance we gave last year was 5% to 7%, higher in the earlier years, a little bit more moderate in the out years. We're going to kind of stay consistent with our practice. We're going to give guidance on 2016 next March, early next March and we'll be able to share more details with you on how we see 2016 rolling out and maybe a little bit more about the longer term at that point. 
Scott Settersten: Trends in the industry, have we seen any differences in trends and what's going on in our pricing, I guess... 
Scott Settersten: And as far as capital allocation is concerned, I guess, I would say we're very, very excited to be able to invest the way we are in our business and still be able to return significant cash to shareholders, most recently through repurchases. But over the course of the last 3 years, we returned roughly $260 million to shareholders through special dividends and share repurchases. So again, I think that demonstrates management and the board's focus on making sure we do what's right for shareholders over the long term and again, we'll right size that or change tactics as facts and circumstances change. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, let me take the out of stock question here, first of all. Again, all the supply chain things we're doing and the merchandising systems that we're making significant investments in today are going to help us with our in-stock position over the long term, both making sure we have the right product in the right store on the right shelf across the chain and just make us more efficient throughout the network, from the vendor dock all the way to the shelf in the store. So there are many different elements, I guess I would say, levers along the way. Part of it is the Swift tool that Mary described earlier today. The distribution centers play a big part in that, but there's also space planning tools and other master data things that we're doing. So it's like a continuum. It's a large broad section of things that we're putting in place to help with in-stocks overall. There's no -- I wouldn't say there's any one specific category or brand or anything like that, that we're focused on. It's just the store overall. So the easiest thing I would point to is A and B items, right? So the fastest, most high velocity SKUs were today we can't really work up accurate forecast to share with our vendors, that would be one thing that we're going to improve in the future that's going to help us stay better in stock. So there's no -- I wouldn't point to any one item. There's a number of items that we're going to implement to help us with that and it's going to help across the network. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the tax rate is concerned, I guess I'd split the baby, so to speak. I'd use 37.50% for next year as kind of a best estimate at this stage. 
David Kimbell: Yes, yes, absolutely. On the marketing spend, we just started TV advertising in September, so it's probably a little early for us to fully judge the impact of the return on it. But we are really encouraged. We've seen, as both Mary and Scott talked about, increasing traffic. We're seeing a healthy increase in the key metric for us, which is membership sign-ups, and that was up 20% for the quarter as well. And so we'll continue to watch it, but so far, we're feeling very good about it. And as I think we've talked before, currently we have another cycle of television currently on air supporting our holiday efforts. So it's a tactic that we'll continue to drive, but it's also part of a much broader marketing mix. We think about TV, radio, but heavy digital, really digital in many ways being the center of our marketing efforts in really connecting and driving awareness and engagement with our guests. So we'll really dial that up as well, more PR, social media, those kind of things. So that will be a big part of our ongoing marketing campaigns. And briefly on the mass side, as Mary said, we'll continue to drive growth. Really, that growth has come at the same time we've been growing the prestige side as equally as well. So the growth is happening in all parts of our box, and we want that to continue. 
David Kimbell: Yes, just briefly on the advertising, really we're seeing healthy performance across all aspects. Scott and Mary talked about e-commerce, salon and of course, our core retail business categories are strong. So we really see that as supporting our total store, not any individual part of it and so far, that is definitely working for us. 
David Kimbell: Yes, I'll start with the transaction growth. We're really, again, pleased with what we're seeing and it's coming, I think, really from a variety of places. Certainly, as our member base grows, we're growing members and they're coming more frequently over time. So that's a very strong source of growth for us and will continue to be a focus for us. Our ability to connect with our members through our loyalty program, access to her in traditional vehicles that we've used like print, but also e-mail and digital and social, has increased her connection with us and that's definitely getting her in the store more often. We've also -- Mary mentioned that we've had an increasing success and ability in attracting or reengaging guests that have fallen off of our active member list, and we define active members as somebody that shopped with us in the last 12 months. So going back in time in members that haven't been as active, and we've been successful through our efforts to bring them back into the store. So that's helping with traffic as well, and then we're also really proud of the fact that we're adding new members at an increasing growth rate. So it's coming across the board, and we think that will be -- that's a really strong part of the success that we've had. 
David Kimbell: Yes, and as far as overall kind of holiday execution, we're obviously right in the middle of it and are really feeling great about our preparation and the way we try to bring our brand to market so far this holiday and feel a lot of confidence throughout the rest of this holiday. We have a totally new approach towards our marketing efforts. I mentioned earlier, that includes mass media really for the first time. Our stores, we think, look better than ever. Floor really integrated. We think very strong holiday look that then has been infused in all of our marketing tactics, online and social, digital, magazines. All -- every touch point has a really consistent, coherent look that we're really excited about. Our products, we think, are stronger than ever across all categories. Certainly, prestige cosmetics has some very strong items -- holiday items. Mary mentioned a few of those from key brands like Benefit and IT and Tarte. Just this week, we launched our Gwen Stefani palette with Urban Decay. So there's a lot of newness coming out. NYX, in the mass side, has some great new holiday offers that are, we think, really exciting. And the Ulta brand itself, as always, has very strong holiday, and we think those are better than ever. And haircare is strong for us as well. And finally, our fragrance business is -- this is the biggest time of the year for fragrance, and we have a lot of newness across a variety of brands. Offers such as our robe are some of the biggest things we do throughout the year in that category. So across-the-board, we're feeling really good about our execution, and we'll be watching our results carefully. 
David Kimbell: Yes, pricing and trends in the industry. I mean, certainly, yes, in the broader industry we watch and as it has been for a little while, prestige has been growing in the industry. And in total, as we look at probably the same reports that you do, that's been growing faster than mass. But again, what we're really focused on is driving that total All Things Beauty, All in One Place. What, as Mary has mentioned, what's really working well for us right now is driving greater awareness, getting her into our store more frequently, but then getting her to experience the whole store and that's all categories. And she -- once she gets in, she might come in for mass, she might come in for prestige or hair or fragrance. But then we work hard through our CRM capabilities to get her introduced and engaged in all categories. So again, we're seeing growth across the entire store, and that's something that we'll continue to drive and that's what really what we're focused on despite what's happening outside of the store. 
David Kimbell: Yes, on the specifics around the TV and the traffic, again, one thing I'd start with is really TV is a big kind of visible one, but it's very much is a holistic integrated marketing campaign across multiple vehicles. But I will say the TV was timed to launch with our 21 Days of Beauty event in September, and we did see very strong traffic and a very nice, healthy increase in traffic during that event and as we -- but it wasn't just that event as evidenced by the traffic throughout the quarter. We feel like -- we feel really positive about how that traffic sustained throughout the quarter. So yes, strong when we came on, but continued strength. 
David Kimbell: Yes, first of all, just no, we do not currently offer in-store pickup, buy online, pick up in the store. We are in the midst of long-term omnichannel road map that -- and that's something that we'll consider, but that's not currently something that's offered today. As it relates to our shipping in total, yes, Greenwood is an important part of it. Improvements we've made in our existing DCs have led to what we think is a very competitive shipping window and time frame. We did -- as we've talked before, we weren't as pleased with some of the customer service that we had last holiday, and so we've worked very hard, including opening a DC but working with our supply chain partners, IT partners to make sure that our service level -- so we feel it's very competitive, and we know it's an ever evolving landscape and we'll continue to make improvements. But we're happy with how we're going to be servicing our guests this holiday season. 
