David Kimbell: Kate, yes, thanks for the question. Yes, we -- 500 basis points in Q4 similar to Q3. The pricing, what we anticipate for pricing going forward into 2023 is a more normalized level. 2022 is really unprecedented across the category. We believe that, that will return to kind of more steady state level of price increases going forward or at least into 2023. So that is included in our comp guidance and is, in part, driving the stronger first half versus second half. As Scott mentioned, high single digits in the first half, lower single digits in the second half. One contributor to that is lapping price increases. Many of them happened through the second quarter into the third quarter last year. So as we lap those, the comparables get a little tougher. So it's incorporated in our guidance, and we anticipate it being at a more moderate normalized rate going forward. 
David Kimbell: Absolutely. Thanks for the question. We are excited about the luxury opportunity, and we have been participating in luxury for a while. We've had a long-term relationship with Chanel, among many other brands. But what's evolving and changing is an expanded presence of luxury in select stores and online. We recently launched Dior in makeup and skin care. We had the Dior fragrance business. So Dior is another along with Chanel, key anchors of our expanded luxury business. NATASHA DENONA, which is a beautiful and elevated color brand; HOURGLASS, Chanel N°1, Lancôme Absolue, we believe other luxury brands over time, now that complements a portfolio of luxury fragrance brands that we have, including YSL, TOM FORD, Gucci and others. And so the effort here is to make a stronger statement in luxury that further reinforces our All Things Beauty all in one place. The idea that you can shop across all price points, all categories and luxury, while we had a presence, we felt there was an opportunity to expand and solidify. And that's the actions we've been taking so far this year, and we're really encouraged by the results of the launch of several of these brands including Dior and excited about the opportunity ahead. 
David Kimbell: Let's see. So a few things in that. First of all, yes, January was elevated, as Scott said there. And there were multiple factors. It's hard to nail down exact drivers, exact -- the exact elements of the contribution, but you mentioned a few, Omicron, lapping Omicron being one of those. And -- but we -- the underlying consumer engagement was strong as we emerged out of holiday. There's no doubt about that. The importance of the category, the elevated connection between beauty and wellness is showing up in January and gives us confidence as we go into the year. We are lapping some major launches, OLAPLEX in January. Fenty, actually, the launch happened in Q1 of last year, so that launch was not lapped in January but will be lapped here in the first quarter. And as we look into the year, again, the outlook that we have is 4% to 5% comp growth, stronger in the first half -- higher in the first half, a double digit -- I'm sorry, high single digits -- excuse me, high single digit in the first half of the year, lower single digit in the second half of the year leading to the 4% to 5% comp guidance for the full year. The drivers, again, of that are import pricing, some continued momentum coming out of the strength we saw in January and other factors that lead to a bit stronger in the first half of the year. 
David Kimbell: Great. Yes. Of course, our assortment is key to our success. One of the things that's really encouraging to us and again, gives us confidence moving forward is our performance has been broad-based. We're seeing double-digit growth across all major categories. And as we look forward into 2023, we see good healthy momentum in each of the categories. So we feel confident. And fundamentally, it's driven by a overarching beauty trend and understanding of the power and importance of beauty and how it connects to overall wellness and self-care. That elevated connection, the increased emotional connection and the importance that beauty plays is fueling the entire category. And that's what's helping drive each element in each individual subcategory within the total beauty space. So we feel clearly good about what 2022 looked like and have good optimism going forward. A lot of newness, a lot of activity across each of our major categories. We've got newness in makeup and in hair care and fragrance. We'll continue to drive innovation in things we're excited about. Skin care is -- as we mentioned in the script, was our fastest-growing category. We had double-digit growth in each category, but skin care led the way. And we feel like there's even more opportunity. We've launched new products like Drunk Elephant. We've had great growth with The Ordinary, Hero Cosmetics. We have in our newest store design that we started rolling out last year. We brought skin care together, and our other categories, makeup with skin care and a more prominent front-of-store location that allows our guests to engage across all price points in a really elevated, beautiful way. We're bringing new brands in. We just launched a partnership, an exclusive partnership with Beautycounter, which spans both color and skin care but has a very strong skin care presence. So we'll bring innovation across all parts of the business, and we see strong trends, most of which are rooted in wellness and overall health and self-care, which we think will drive each of the categories in a positive way going into 2023. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We -- in the fourth quarter, we saw, we'd call it, rational promotional intensity. It was relatively flat to the previous year, still down versus 2019. And of course, as we -- I guess, we probably have said several times, Q4 is an elevated promotional quarter because of the role of holiday and the gifting and the competition that we have with all gifting, not just within beauty. So -- but nothing extraordinary in Q4. As we look into this fiscal year, we do see that continue to normalize. The step down of the improvements that we've made versus 2019 over the last couple of years will moderate somewhat. We won't continue the pace of improvement. We'll see a more normalized level of promotion, not back to previous pre-pandemic levels, but it is a competitive environment. There are added points of distribution, brands, bringing newness and innovation and competing. So we would anticipate, as I said, a somewhat normalized level of promotion but not in a rational level of promotion as we look going forward. 
David Kimbell: And on the pricing side, we don't see any real differences by category. What we saw in 2022 was really broad-based across categories because the inflationary pressures for brands was -- really impacted all segments. So as we look forward, by normalize, we mean every year in beauty over time, there's a percentage of brands that go through just more standard price increases, and we anticipate kind of going back into that. And we think it will be across categories. 
David Kimbell: All right. Great. Well, thank you all for your interest and engagement today. And I want to close by thanking all 53,000 Ulta Beauty associates for delivering just excellent financial results in 2022 while executing against our strategic priorities. I am excited about the future of Ulta Beauty and believe firmly in our differentiated business model, strategic framework and talented and committed teams will continue to drive success and create significant shareholder value. We look forward to speaking to all of you again when we report results for the first quarter of fiscal 2023 on May 25. Have a good evening and talk to you all soon. Thanks. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, Adrienne. Maybe I'll just give that a slightly different spin. So again, as we said, we're confident that we can deliver now adjusted 14% to 15% operating margin on a 3% to 5% comp for the next few years. Again, we came -- at our Analyst Day back in late fall 2021, we were giving our point of view on the financial model through the end of 2024. So since then, a lot of things have changed. I think less so on the sales drivers because there's a lot -- again, this category provides a lot of opportunities for us to drive the top line through various means. Really, the change is versus 2019, a lot are in the infrastructure, the cost infrastructure of the business overall. So you've probably heard us refer to some of this in the past. So we -- of course, we benefited here over the last couple of years from double-digit sales growth, driving a lot of fixed cost leverage across the business. There's also been a more rational promotional environment the last couple of years. And so -- and these elevated sales levels have also mitigated some of the other inflationary cost pressures that we are experiencing across the business. So as we look to 2023, we expect sales growth to moderate from where it's been the last couple of years. And so that will -- that's going to drive some deleverage. That's our year-over-year tougher comparisons. We've described that. I mean, as we think about, again, stronger and sustainable operating margins, we just feel like the business is in a much healthier position today than it was back in 2019. Again, we've described improved capabilities across the business, like ship from store and BOPIS helping to do that. Our ESG initiative that we started years ago now are continuing to drive significant benefits to the business overall. And we believe that, coupled with some of the new initiatives that we have along the lines of continuous improvement and some of the other long-term strategic investments we're making for the business, help give us comfort that we can hold on to those stronger margins with a 3% to 5% comp over the next few years. 
Scott Settersten: Sure, Simeon. So yes, we expect operating margin is going to be leveraged in fiscal 2023 compared to last year driven by slight deleverage in gross margin, but the primary lever is going to be SG&A. That's where most of the pressure will come from during the year. We expect gross margin, again, modest deleverage there as we lap benefits and the timing of retail price increases during 2022, and we plan for a more normalized promotional environment overall. Those headwinds will probably be offset by growth in other revenue and continued fixed cost leverage. So on the SG&A side, it really comes down to continuing our efforts with our strategic investments, our strategic initiatives across the business. So again, last year, we got out of the gates on most all of those things, Project SOAR being the largest by far but Digital Store of the Future, UB Media. There are a number of other digital investments across the business, so really getting into the thick of it, I guess, I would say, during 2023, so that's the primary driver of it. But there's also inflationary pressures in store expenses. And of course, we referenced the wage pressure as well, and most of that falls through to our field teams, which is recognized in our SG&A line. So that's it by far. I'd say overall, we feel good about where we are. We've got a good plan. We think it's balanced in all ways and takes recognition of both the opportunities we have but also the risks that we see in 2023. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So for our new store outlook, our long-term outlook, still 1,500 to 1,700 stores with roughly 800 Ulta Beauty at Target locations on top of that. So again, we're still very comfortable from everything we've seen, the interaction between, as Kecia just described, between the shop in shops and what we're doing in our stand-alone stores, are happy with the overall performance. Again, this year, there's just a shift or just smart business, we think, not chasing a number with new store openings and trying to be wise about how we plan that to make sure we keep good disciplines on site selection and the cost ramifications because these are long-term investments. 
