David Kimbell: Great. Well, thanks for the question and the comments, Adrienne. I appreciate it. Yes, let me start on Target and then I'm going to ask Kecia to give some more color because Kecia is leading this for us. But we are, as I said in the comments, we're just thrilled with the partnership and the launch guest response. We feel really confident how we've come out of the gate operationally, working really well. And most importantly, as I mentioned, consumers are thrilled by this. They're really excited about the idea of bringing together 2 great retailers in a unique experience that nobody else is doing. This is totally new to beauty. And so we're really, really pleased with the results and the engagement and the partnership. Kecia, why don't you share a few more details about what we're seeing and maybe the outlook on stores. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Great. Thanks, Chris. Yes, absolutely, we are so excited and encouraged by the first half results and the trends. And as you said, the strengthening we saw and the momentum we see throughout the first half. And we're feeling encouraged by what we're seeing so far in the third quarter. And that's why we have increased our sales expectation for the full year. I will say, so with that optimism and confidence, it does remain difficult for us with certainty to understand how these variables will impact our business through the remainder of this year. With the resurgence of variants, certainly, that's having a broader impact in the world around us. Our business remains healthy, but difficult to predict exactly how that will play out in consumer behavior. We're optimistic about holiday. We feel like it's going to be a strong holiday. But holiday is always a unique time of year, of course, with a lot of new dynamics going on and uncertainty how COVID and other influences will drive through that. And then we're lapping our business in the second half of the year in 2020 was stronger than the first half of the year, for sure, as we reopened stores and started to gain momentum. So we do believe our sales forecast is prudent. It's achievable, but it's also reflective of the uncertainty that we see out there. And last thing I'd say, as we've been doing throughout all of this, if the recovery is stronger or faster than planned, we're prepared. We're working closely with our brand partners to be ready to adapt and adjust. We're working hard to make sure we have the right inventory, the right store staffing, the right marketing plans to continue to lead the recovery in the beauty categories, we believe we've been doing so far this first half of the year. So optimistic but feel like our guidance is appropriate given the environment. 
David Kimbell: And on your e-com member profile, I'll just hit a couple of high points here, which is, first, our e-commerce business, very healthy and such a strong and important of our total omnichannel mix. And we're really pleased with how that's complementing and integrating with our store experience. And so we're so glad to see strength across both of those channels. Omnichannel guests are among our very best guests. Those that are shopping both in-store and online do demonstrate a high level of incrementality with their e-commerce purchases because what we typically see is those that have been shopping in-store that start shopping online continue to shop in-store at, or in some cases, even higher levels. And it's because they get more ingrained and integrated into the total Ulta Beauty experience. They become more loyal to Ulta Beauty and concentrate more of their beauty spend at Ulta. So last year, with the stores being closed and the dramatic increase in our e-commerce, we introduced a whole lot of new consumers to our e-commerce business. Now some of them have gone back to shopping only in-store, but most of them are continuing to shop in an e-commerce business, I'm sorry, in an omnichannel way. And the behavior is really positive, both helping to deliver our Q2 results. But importantly, as we grow that base of omnichannel shoppers, we'll have even more consumers shopping across channels going forward, which we know will drive total sales in the out-years going forward. So excited about this omnichannel behavior and believe that one of the lasting impacts of this disruption will be a significant increase in our e-commerce business and our omnichannel behaviors. 
David Kimbell: Sneaking in one more makeup question. But yes, I'll just be brief here, the makeup. We're encouraged by what we see. And I think it's just a testament that the other categories had been strong, skin care, hair care, bath, fragrance. And they remain strong. There's a high level of engagement. But makeup, the trends that we're seeing are encouraging. While it was slightly below 2019 levels in Q2, we had weeks and times during the quarter that it was positive versus 2019. Our mass business, we talked about in Q1, was above 2019 levels, and it accelerated in Q2, also above 2019. And our prestige business is improving. We're bringing in newness. Our biggest brands are performing well. New brands are performing. So I think it's just consumer behavior as we recover is there's a high level of engagement, high level of excitement about makeup, more usage occasions and the momentum is building. Time will tell exactly when we get back to steadily being above 2019 levels and growing from there, but we're encouraged by what we see. 
David Kimbell: Got it. Yes. Thanks for the question, Kate. And yes, we're really across the board. Yes, we were higher than our expectations and we're seeing strength versus expectations across really all aspects of our business. I talked about all of our categories demonstrating strong improvement. And in all but makeup, healthy growth versus 2019, and that is true both on the prestige and the mass side. And then within makeup specifically, and while we said it's not quite back to 2019, although getting closer and again showing moments through Q2 where we were above 2019. We saw improvement in both mass and prestige. Mass has recovered faster, but prestige is certainly showing signs. And we're seeing some good, and it's really driven by newness across the board, both some new brands that we brought in, but a strong newness across so many of our brands and different segments of makeup that are exciting our guests, getting them re-engaged in the category. So yes, we're seeing it across both price points and categories, and it's encouraging. 
David Kimbell: Great. Yes. Loyalty, as I mentioned earlier, we're really pleased and encouraged by the results we're seeing, both in the absolute number of active members as well as spend per member. We're seeing nice healthy improvement there, and it's just driven by high-level engagement across categories. And so as we look at share of wallet, we are confident that we're continuing to grow both share of categories and share of wallet, and feel like our efforts to lead the category recovery are driving a high level of engagement. And across the competitive environment, certainly, the beauty category is always highly competitive. This is a disruptive time with a lot of changes. We have a high level of respect for all of our competitors. But our focus is on Ulta Beauty and driving our business forward and leading the beauty category and leading the beauty recovery. Our model is unique. Nobody does what Ulta Beauty does. The assortment that we provide, the loyalty program, the guest experience, which is so important and done with excellence in our stores in particular and across all other touch points. And so we believe we have a unique business model that yes, while we certainly watch and are well aware of competitive activity, we're focused on playing offense and driving our business forward. And again, I couldn't be more proud of the way the team is delivering across every part of our business to ensure that Ulta Beauty is the really definitive leader in the beauty category and driving this recovery that we're very encouraged to see. So with that, thank you, again, for joining us today. I really appreciate your time. And I do want to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates for their continued agility and commitment to serving our guests and taking care of each other, especially through the changing dynamics of COVID-19. We look forward to sharing more about why we are so excited about the future of Ulta Beauty when we host our 2021 Analyst Day here in the Chicago area in October. So have a good evening and thanks again for joining. 
Scott Settersten: And then I'll follow up on the international piece and supply chain. So we don't really break out geographic sourcing exposure. But most of our products, lipsticks, serums are made in the U.S. or Europe. We do have some limited exposure to China with the Ulta Beauty brand, private label and a few specific brands in the assortment like Morphe, and some components, of course, which are part of our vendor partners supply chain as well. So again, we're keeping a close eye on that. There's nothing that we see as a critical watch out at this point in time, but we're just trying to plan ahead and making sure we're as well prepared as we can despite any eventual outcomes there or development. So we feel like we're well positioned for holiday and the second half of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Sure, Simeon. So again, we're very, very proud of the results we posted this quarter and appreciative of all the hard work on behalf of our associates and brand partners to deliver great experiences to our guests, which at the end of the day is what delivers those kind of financial results. So I would say the comp performance, again, it was elevated over initial expectations. So the 56% versus last year and a 13% comp versus '19 reflects a mix of benefits, unique external factors, I guess, I would say, combined with the power of our model and all the great execution and things we're doing to drive stronger results and leverage across the P&L. I'd say it makes us increasingly more optimistic. Again, you've heard us say that we believe this is a double-digit EBIT margin business over the long term. Our goal is to expand operating margins, and we feel confident we can do that. I guess I would say we're not going to share too much today. We'll have more to say, more color to share on sales outlook and margin expansion opportunities when we get together at our Analyst Day here in October. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I would just say, we're taking a more tempered view, I guess, of the promotional environment. Again, naturally, holiday is more promotional. We're competing against a wider variety of retailers during the gift-giving season. We've got some incremental supply chain costs that we're baking into the plan to be prudent around fuel costs and things like that. So again, on balance, we think it's a prudent estimate forecast and we think it's achievable. And if things turn out better, sales are stronger, we'll deliver better results. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the margin. So it's not exactly clear. But if we're looking at the second quarter, again, we describe that the biggest drivers in the second quarter were the reserve adjustments versus last year. Again, this is versus 2020. And so they were pretty significant last year. So of course, we didn't absorb any of that this year. We're doing a much better job with the stronger sales and better discipline in the stores. So that was a pretty significant benefit. Promotional, less discounting was kind of in the middle of the list, I guess, I would say. Fixed cost is another major driver of gross margin expansion in the second quarter and for the first half of the year just because of the much higher sales levels overall. So when I think about those things and of course, the salon manager shift versus last year was another element of that. So again, we're not going to quantify those things. But as I think about the future and we were thinking about the back half of the year, merchandise margin, we still expect to be able to expand it. The promotionality discipline, I think, again, we got a good start on that last year with some good learnings. Those are being played forward now. We still think there's opportunity there for us. There's other things we can do as far as tools and process improvements to help that, aid that over the longer term. Fixed costs, again, once we got sales back on track, fixed cost leverage is the gift that keeps giving. So that's something, again, that we feel pretty confident in. And then there's other things we're working on as part of our ESG efforts that will continue to deliver benefits over the long term. So when we think about gross margin, merch margin being the most important piece of that, we still think there's plenty of opportunity for us over the longer term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So if you're looking back at 2020, Steph, I think there's going to be a good story there as far as leverage on SG&A overall. Of course, the better comparison is 2019. So that's where I'll spend my time. As we look back there, there's still, I guess, I would say there's going to be leverage versus '19 now versus our earlier in the year outlook there. Again, a lot of that's due to stronger-than-expected sales. So that's good news. We expect dollars to be higher in '21 than '19 primarily on store growth, number one, wage pressures primarily in the stores and a big variable here is higher incentive compensation levels than what we saw back in 2019. You'll recall, 2019, we missed our internal targets by a fair range. And so that's going to be a headwind, a significant headwind when we're measuring back against 2019. Of course, we have that service manager role as well that's been reallocated from the gross margin line, where it's a good guide down to SG&A, where it's a headwind versus 2019. But again, that's a net benefit for the company overall at the operating margin level. We're also going to be pulling in some incremental advertising, marketing expense in the back half of the year. I think we've mentioned that in some interim investor calls here to take advantage of market share opportunities now and the strength of our business. And of course, we've got good sales trends here, too. So we're going to make some more significant investments there in the back half of the year in digital channels. So again, places we know that it works and it's effective and there are strong ROIs. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Thanks, Ike. So again, yes, second quarter, a little bit unusual. I mean, we did see some growth in the first quarter. But again, we were lapping kind of just the initial stages, I guess, of the COVID and the shift and the store closings and kind of becoming a digital business 100% kind of overnight back in 2020. So it was what we expected. That was what was in our annual plan to see an overall decrease in the e-com versus last year. Again, brick-and-mortar, again, our guest demonstrating that brick-and-mortar is an important part of the beauty shopping experience and ecstatic to see traffic numbers coming back to the stores and again, sequentially improving here in 2021. So I think Dave called it out in his prepared remarks. We got to remember, last year, second quarter, we doubled our e-commerce business, right? So to expect a little bit of moderation here I don't think is anything extraordinary under the circumstances. As we think about the rest of the year, again, stores, the traffic trends are good. We're encouraged there. So I would expect that e-commerce is going to moderate as we look out to the rest of the year. And I wouldn't expect it to be a growth in absolute terms here as we look over the next couple of quarters. Again, for the full year, we expect e-commerce penetration to be in the low to mid-20% range. 
