Chuck Rubin: Yeah, Ike, the industry certainly has seen some good times with expansion. With that, while the ocean has potentially been raised for everyone, we certainly have gained more than our fair share of market share. So we are winning and winning more of that additional business. I think that growth has been for the industry as a whole and we have excelled within that because of the newness in the industry. There is a lot of new products and some new services out there and when you look at our business model, the fact that we are the only ones in the industry that put it all together in one shopping experience, I think that is what has led to our success and our ability to take share from department stores as well as others. As you look out into 2012, lots of predictions about what happens out there, but we are very confident that we will continue to capture more share because of the unique model that we bring to our guests.
Chuck Rubin: We had guided lower than we actually achieved. So we were very pleased with the quarter and when you look at these results, whether the strong comps that exceeded the guidance or the margins that continued to expand in the quarter, or the additional market share that we captured within the quarter, we're very, very pleased with how we did. We exceeded in many ways what we thought we would do. At the same time, we never talk about weather. The quarter did have a little bit of frustration on the very last day of our fiscal quarter. That northeast snowstorm did have an impact and cost us our double-digit comp. So we were working hard to get there in those last couple of weeks and that weather hurt us. Nonetheless, the future of our company is enormous as we've talked about before and with that, we recognize that sometimes weather will throw us a curve ball, but otherwise all of our parts came together; the product, the services, the service in the store and our marketing. So I think it is a quarter that we're very, very proud of.
Chuck Rubin: Well, prestige – first of all we saw good business across the breadth of our business, whether it was mass or prestige or appliances or in our salons. So that's the first good piece of news. When you look at it, the prestige component did grow faster than any other part of our business. So those are some higher ticket items within that. I don't know if we would – if I'd draw any conclusions on any part of that. If you look at our –Gregg mentioned in his prepared comments that we're pleased with how the holiday season has started off. If you look at Black Friday weekend – I suspect that we would be asked this, we were very pleased with Black Friday. It’s one part of the fourth quarter and the biggest part of the holiday season is still ahead of us, but we're very pleased with how Black Friday worked out. But that is more of a value-based shopping experience, but that is all the time every year when you go back into our history. So a bit of a long-winded answer, but I wouldn't say that there is any indication that the customer is shopping more than usual for price point. Instead, for us, as prestige continues to grow, we're seeing that increase a little bit.
Chuck Rubin: It was okay. As you said, we saw very high growth. We continue to see high growth off of our e-commerce site. As many sites over the long holiday weekend had some trouble, we had a couple of pockets of that. They were short. We were back up very quickly and we've addressed some customers that were disappointed in their service. But we strive for 100% uptime and that's what we work towards. So I think as many of our competitors and many other retailers in general experience, there are some things that you can continue to learn through the expansion of the online business, but we're very committed to that and we see tremendous growth in this long-term for us.Daniel Hofkin – William Blair & Company: Great guys. Congrats again and good luck.
Chuck Rubin: Well, it actually is a – it is a dry manicure, not a wet manicure. So essentially it is a manicure service, kind of a modified manicure. We will not be doing pedicures, it will only be manicures. They'll be done by the stylists. We are up and running right now. We have been testing it for some period of time with some good success and we've now put it into about 200 stores or so that are up and running now and the initial results are very encouraging.Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks so much.
Chuck Rubin: No, Christina, what I said in my comments was we successfully launched it in the 29 stores we had previously announced and we're very pleased with the results so far. And as we had talked about before, we'll keep you up-to-date as developments continue to unfold there, but right now we're in the 29 doors.
Chuck Rubin: We wouldn't get into those details, but you can – where I'd leave it is, we are very pleased with how this has launched and we're excited to have it in the portfolio. We think our guest has been looking for it and we think it's been a very nice addition to the offering.
Chuck Rubin: We're actually going through that analysis now and we'll come back and talk to you more as we finish that.
Chuck Rubin: Jason, I'd tell you in a couple of areas. Within our offering, newness continues to be very exciting. There is newness in our color offering, there is newness in our skincare offering and newness in particular in fragrance has been very, very strong and given the importance of fragrance in this fourth quarter, we're especially excited about that. We think it sets up very well for our gift-giving business. But even the newness in skincare when you then move to January, we have a significant skincare event. Here again, I think that it positions us well. Our eventing, where we actually bring the product to life for our guests, is up significantly this holiday season compared to last year and we think that makes the shopping experience that much more special compared to our competition and certainly what we've done in the past.  And then just to touch on the marketing for a moment, our marketing outreach this year is broader than it has been before. It certainly leverages our successful print campaign and the loyalty database that we have, which continues to grow and be a very core part of what we used to market affectively. But this year we're going to leverage radio and there will be a component of radio in all stores. It will be a national program and then it will be heavied up in a number of key markets. We're also leveraging digital media more. Our Facebook presence is more significant. Our digital outreach also is more significant. So there is a lot of excitement and that has led to our guidance that we've given that we think we're going to have another really good quarter.
Chuck Rubin: I don't know if beauty is more proportional than it was last year, but the environment is widely promotional. I'm not sure if I would conclude that even the apparel or the electronic guys are a lot more promotional than a year ago, but that's just personal observation. Clearly, when you get into the gift-giving season, the competitive field for beauty becomes broader because the shopper has lots of choices for that gift, whether it's apparel or electronics or beauty. We feel very, very confident in our strategy in how we're set for the holiday selling season. As we've mentioned, we're pleased with how we've gotten off into the quarter so far and I think that what makes us unique is the broad range of offering that we have. We have fashion and trend and we have value as well. So we do provide a very appealing offering and a very appealing shopping experience for the holiday season. So we're very comfortable with how we stack up against other beauty retailers as well as other types of product retailers.
Chuck Rubin: I don't know if we'd get into the details on that. Just that – although the bulk of the holiday selling season is still ahead of us, we're accountable with how November went. I'm pleased with how it went and that's incorporated into the guidance that we provided today.Jill Caruthers – Johnson Rice & Company LLC: All right, appreciate it. Thank you.
Chuck Rubin: As far as the transition to the new program, Elizabeth, we'll talk more about that on our next earnings call when we speak more explicitly about 2012, but I do anticipate that you'll start to see us move stores over to the new points program during next year.
Chuck Rubin: I think that I'd focus on the guidance that we gave to you for fourth quarter and tell you that our strategies – we're pleased with our strategies. We think that they are the right ones for our business. We're pleased with how we're executing and we think that 2012 and beyond we have continued growth ahead of us.Shreya Jawalkar – Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Chuck Rubin: Thank you, operator. Well, let me thank everyone for joining us today and on behalf of Gregg, let me wish you all a very happy and healthy holiday season and look forward to speaking to you the beginning of next year.
Gregg Bodnar: Neely, a couple of reasons for the acceleration. One, lots of high-quality locations out there which is the reason why we're being opportunistic to go after it. We do have the infrastructure to continue to grow with this rate and certainly beyond that rate. We do not need to divert resources away from the remodel program next year to handle this expanded new store growth program. We will continue to focus on making sure that we continue to maintain that shopping environment for the guests. So the remodel program will continue next year as the expanded new store program accelerates. We'll continue to do all the things that we've done in the past in terms of making sure that we grab high-quality locations, balancing those between new and existing markets. The real estate pipeline will continue to be focused as it has been on existing locations, but we're seeing a nice flow of existing locations that meet our criteria, which is why we're accelerating our square footage growth.
Gregg Bodnar: Geographically, the same opportunities exist as they have in the past and we've been capitalizing on those opportunities primarily as we're seeing high-quality existing locations come back on to the market, either chains that are downsizing or chains that are going out that had high-quality real estate that wasn't the business issue, but it's on both coasts. So the opportunities on both coasts, those are some of the areas we're focused on, but not exclusively focused on. And then as it relates to – you can think through some of the failures you've seen lately, like Borders as an example. A lot of high-quality real estate, that wasn't their issue, a lot of those boxes have gone back to developers now and where there is opportunities for them to split them up and us to work with them to take some great real estate locations, we're doing so.
Gregg Bodnar: Jason, we'll bring that DC online starting in the beginning of next year and then we will slowly ramp it up. We have a lot of stores up in the Northeast today that are being serviced out of our Chicago facility and those will be the first candidates that we will move over to that new distribution center. Next year the impact of that the new distribution center will be as I mentioned on the last call, a little bit of a negative impact on gross margin, although gross margin will still expand significantly next year. But we expect it's probably going to have about 10 basis points of negative impact on gross margin for the year. Start-up costs in the first part of the year as we ramp that DC up, then as we start to put stores into it in the back half of the year bringing those stores in from the Northeast that they will then be closer to their distribution point, we'll get some leverage in transportation costs.
Gregg Bodnar: Yeah. We're a pretty analytical company and that's part of a discipline that has allowed us to seize a lot of this growth. So we measure ROIs on our marketing spend pretty aggressively, but there are certain components that are difficult to measure. The radio that we're doing this holiday, we've talked about our testing of radio over the past couple of quarters so you can – we've obviously been encouraged by those tests and that's why we're pushing into this more aggressively. So I wouldn't get into a lot more detail about ROIs by vehicle. I think that's a bit of the secret sauce for us, but I would stress that we are very focused on returns of every investment that we make, whether it's a new store or a new DC or the marketing spend that we have.
Gregg Bodnar: We are constantly – a little bit like Chuck's comment on return on investment, we are constantly focused on continue and improve the productivity of our inventory. We are talking about our plans for next year. Don’t have anything specific yet, but we will continue to drive the inventory productivity that has helped deliver the earnings results that we've been delivering today.
Gregg Bodnar: We did finish it. As we mentioned on the last quarter call that we were bringing that platform up. We did do that successfully. We were extremely pleased with the performance of the new platform. All stores are up and operating on it now and again very smooth transition, very pleased with the transition to the new platform.
Gregg Bodnar: As we look to next year to expand the store program from the 60 that we did this year, our intention would be to balance more of those openings going from the 60 up into the first half of this year. Having said that, that will not create a drag on gross margin. We will continue to expand gross margin all year long, including the first half of the year.
