David Kimbell: Well, the only thing I'd add on categories, and you mentioned it in the script, Mary, is that categories that were strong with us when we were operating on an e-commerce only continue to be strong. And those are kind of self-care categories and wellness categories, skincare, haircare, bath, other categories that have been -- that have accelerated throughout this crisis. But interestingly, as curbside became available, we also saw a pickup on makeup as more guests were engaging in that category. And as we've made -- as we've evolved through the initial phases of this crisis, we've seen makeup make a bit of a strengthening move as curbside has given our guests more options to engage in the category. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So I'll start with the promotion and maybe Scott will take the impairment piece here. Yes, promotion activity, of course, like everything else, was disrupted through the quarter. Our strategy pre-COVID has been on really a multiyear journey to try to reduce broad-based promotions and be more strategic and focused on driving consumer engagement demand across all of our activities, the brands that we're bringing in, our loyalty program and other aspects of ways to engage with our guests. We are -- we do -- as we enter into -- as the category shifts into a reopening of stores and a recovery phase coming out of the March and April elements of this crisis, we are anticipating, as a category, potentially higher promotional activity. But our focus will continue to be on driving the more strategic aspects of our business. We have a very strong loyalty program. We've built, we think, very strong personalization capabilities, and in fact, in some ways, have strengthened aspects of that over the first part of this year. And we intend to leverage that to be more personalized and direct with our communications and aspects. We will lean into the most strategic aspects of our promotional -- annual promotional programs, 21 Days of Beauty, holiday, skin and hair events through the year. But of course, we're going to be nimble in the category. And while we know we're not anticipating leading a massive increase in promotional activity, we won't cede share either. So we have tools to respond appropriately in the category, and we'll do so and make sure that we're remaining competitive in the marketplace. 
David Kimbell: Well, yes. We've been really, of course, pleased with the e-commerce performance. It's a part of our business that we've been building and investing in and bringing innovation into for many years, and it certainly has been paying off for us through this crisis. Obviously, as stores opened, it will decrease in its total penetration of our business from being 100% e-commerce only. But what we do believe going forward is that we've moved quite a few of our guests that have previously only shopped us in-store, has shopped us online. And that's a really positive thing. We know -- and Mary mentioned some of these statistics, but we know that guests shop -- that shop us in an omnichannel way are among our very best guests. They shop us more frequently, both in store and online. They spend more with us. So we anticipate, from a member standpoint, this could have some really positive lasting impacts of introducing more guests to the total Ulta Beauty experience. Penetration going forward, we think there will be a step change in penetration because of this introduction of omnichannel capabilities to more guests. We think it will be a higher run rate going forward, but time will tell exactly where that settles, but certainly higher than it was and a faster acceleration and adoption of our e-commerce capabilities. And curbside has been a big win for us. Mary said how quickly we adopted that. We were happy to have BOPIS in the fourth quarter as we rolled that out last year. To be able to shift and pivot that to curbside capability was really meaningful. And as stores have reopened, guests -- some guests are still opting for curbside capability. And so we'll sustain that going forward, and we think it adds actually a nice -- essentially a third option for our guests. If they don't want to actually come into a store at this time, they can still get their products that same day and have a great experience from Ulta. So that will be a big role going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I'd say on innovation in total, certainly, this has disrupted the brand's view on innovation and timing. And in some cases, new launches have been shifted back or readjusted. But what I'd say is 2 parts to that. We felt really good about newness across categories, makeup included, skincare, haircare, fragrance coming in pre-COVID and this crisis, several new brands across the portfolio like Laura Mercier, Thrive, Pixi on the makeup side; Kiehl's, Ordinary, Indie Lee, Urban Skin Rx in skincare; Pattern, Arctic Fox, [ Wella ] in hair. Several new brands that had launched recently, in either very late Q4 or early in Q1, actually performed well throughout this crisis and will be well positioned coming out. So we still have that pipeline of newness. And then as we look forward over the rest of the year across categories, again, including makeup, as I said, brands, in some cases, have adjusted their plans. But as we start to get more confidence in consumer reaction and store opening timing, we will rebuild our innovation introduction time line in the second half of the year and are optimistic. We know our guests continue to be attracted to newness, both new brands and new products from existing brands. So we see a strong pipeline coming through as we work our way through this, through the 2020 and then certainly into 2021. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So I'm glad you asked about marketing. Yes, we have -- we really see a great opportunity to continue to build the Ulta Beauty brand and really in a lot of ways, accelerate out of this crisis behind the strength of our brand and everything that our brand represents: the assortment, the loyalty program, the guest experience, the strength of our associates and what they bring to our guests every day. Coming into this crisis, the work that we've done to establish our brand and to create a brand platform that is rooted in this idea of possibilities, of joy, of connection to others and the power of beauty, I think, actually that served us really well. And I'm really proud of the work that the marketing team did to shift the strategy to be really responsive and reflective of the new mindset and to more focus more on these connections and self-care and just bringing joy and happiness, which is ultimately what beauty is about through all channels. To your point, we believe that we have an opportunity to continue to invest in marketing because we're so, we believe, well positioned to, again, have a leadership voice in that. So while we pull back on certain elements, most notably print tactics because they have long lead time, we can't be as responsive to store dynamics or shifting consumer dynamics. We've pulled back on those elements. We've invested more in digital and social aspects. And as we look out over the rest of the year, it is not our plan to make a significant reduction in total marketing spend as much as shift our focus to both a messaging that's relevant and compelling as well as the tools that will be -- both give us some flexibility to adjust whatever comes ahead of us through the rest of the year. But it was also very relevant in the time frame. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Mark. I'd say in some ways going into this, what we've seen is at the beginning of the cycle, of course, the types of things that people bought were quite different than what we've seen in the past, right, things like hand sanitizers and soaps. And then we saw folks get more engaged in things that I would call like self-care, do-it-yourself at home. So haircare, nails, that kind of thing, and then kind of more into things that are a bit more self-indulgent or self-care, like whether it's mask, skincare, fragrances for the bath, that kind of stuff. So it's just kind of interesting to see that cycle of -- the psyche of consumer behavior. As an aside, one thing I'll say is I feel like our team did a great job from a social media and just marketing perspective to really meet our guests where they were and kind of talk to them about those things. Engagement was really high. The core category trends, I'd say, were similar -- roughly similar to what we saw coming into this year, which is acceleration in skin care. We've talked about that. We see that as a big future trend. The intersection of wellness and beauty together is going to be important. I think with makeup, as Dave said, I think it's an interesting early fact that on curbside, we saw some tick-up in makeup. You can debate the 2 sides of it. But I mean anecdotally, I'd say that folks who maybe were doing -- working from home before on phone calls are now all of a sudden all working from home on video calls, and everybody is on video call. So will that have -- will that help bring the light at the end of the tunnel as you said? Well, certainly, makeup is still large and it's very -- customers are very engaged in that category. But it has been in a lower cycle. You're right. So could this help it? I think we'll see. We don't know. Right now, I wouldn't say that's happening in the large scale. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I would say we'll step back and start with department stores. I mean just in general, we have a very sort of broad competitive environment, and we think about that because we do -- we bring all things together in beauty. And as a result, we compete with everybody from department stores to mass retailers to other specialty retailers, e-commerce only. So it actually is a pretty broad competitive environment that we're in. And we pay close attention to everything that's happening and see opportunities and risks throughout. So I mean that's how we've always been as a business, is to play our offense and to make sure that we get the share gains that we believe we can get in certain categories. I mentioned already in the digital channel, we gained share in every category in prestige, and we were only digital in this past quarter. So we feel good about that. So that's something we pay close attention to. And the second part of the question was... 
Mary Dillon: Vendor support. Yes. I mean listen, there was -- it's a very important time for us to be very close with our vendor partners, big and small. And so I feel very good about -- we have worked -- Dave leads the merchandising team. And you can add more to those if you like. But I mean we -- I'm proud about the fact that I feel that we've been very transparent with our vendors, share the dilemmas with them, share the opportunities with them as we move forward. And our relationships are very strong. So I certainly -- I feel very confident about our ability to come out of this stronger than ever and continue to win in the marketplace, and I think our vendor relationships will be a key part of that. 
Mary Dillon: So let me just close this. I really want to thank everybody for joining us today. I know at the end of every quarter, I thank my team. But honestly, in my 7 years as CEO of this company, in fact, in my career, I don't think I've ever seen a group of people leading with more resilience and heart and collaboration and more drive to win. So I want to thank the Ulta Beauty team, and we hope that you stay healthy and safe, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again in August when we report our second quarter results. Thank you. 
