Mary Dillon: Great. Thank you. Well, let me just start about the fact by reiterating we're very, very excited about the partnership. We've got a strong business model and track record to start with and feel very confident about our long-term growth prospects. And of course, we're really thrilled to unlock even more excitement for guests and growth with our Target partnership.  Just to recap, we're thrilled. It's an amazing retailer. Brian Cornell is a fantastic CEO, and they've got a fantastic team. These are 2 very strong retail brands that are loved by consumers. And the concept of Ulta Beauty inside Target, 9 out of 10 people loved it, complementary brand DNA and team DNA. And of course, I think we both bring very different strengths to the equation from Ulta. It's our beauty authority, our best-in-class understanding of the beauty category, and for Target, certainly, the scale of Target and the millions of guests that will discover Ulta Beauty at Target is a huge benefit for us as well, as well as their omnichannel capabilities.  As we think about bringing this forward, I think our brand -- we're early in the process with our brand negotiations and discussions. It's a lot of positive, a lot of enthusiasm. I think as a category and for brands, it's a great new platform for growth and for new customers, millions of new customers who discover brands. And so we feel very optimistic about that. Target will own the inventory. And that -- I think we've talked about that publicly. So that's what we really own the brand relationships, and that's part of the partnership that we developed from the start.  Early on in terms of integration of technology, but certainly a very important part of this is that our -- is that the customers that participate in the Ulta Beauty at Target will be able to earn -- will be able to sign up if they're not currently members in Ultamate Rewards. If they're Ultamate Rewards members, earn loyalty points as well as Target loyalty points. And then for Ultamate Rewards, redeem those at Ulta Beauty. So we think that's a critical part as we think about the way to really create a flywheel here that works -- creates a win, win, win, I'd say, for guests and for Ulta Beauty and for Target. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I would say it's not -- wasn't a surprise. I mean we made a very specific decision to pull back some level of promotion. And adjusted without the promotion, of course, the comps are even stronger. So we think it's an important step, and just continuing to refine our promotion strategies to make them be as ultimately profitable as possible, but it's not a pullback on our ability to be very competitive. So the holiday season, we started early because we needed to get people to start early in November, right, given the capacity constraints. And we've got a very robust program throughout the holiday season that we think is very competitive. And so far, as I said in the script, we feel good about the results that we're seeing. So I think it played out exactly as we had expected. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Well, stepping back, again, we're pleased with the momentum that we're seeing, and the demand signals are strong. And we did feel good about how we started in November. It's a pretty simple answer to your question. We're in the middle of this unprecedented pandemic. And as you know, we just reached peak levels of hospitalizations yesterday in the U.S. So it's uncertain.  Certainly, we know we're set up well. Our e-commerce business is performing extremely well. Our stores are doing a great job. But there's uncertainty about what will happen, I guess, I'd say as we get closer to the holiday in terms of store traffic, and that would be true for everybody. So we're just trying to meet the guests where they are, be pragmatic about this. Certainly, the news about the vaccine is positive, but there's many difficult weeks ahead. So we feel good, but we're also being cautious about the uncertainty that's going to, we think, play out in the next several weeks and few months. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Well, Oliver, that's a 3-pronged question. That's impressive. And I'll -- maybe Dave and I will tag team a little bit. E-commerce traffic and comp, we -- we're very pleased with how that's going, and in fact, expected it to moderate somewhat as we open up stores. And that -- we like that. It's -- obviously, as people are coming back to stores, historically, what we've seen is omnichannel guests are our best guests because they add the e-commerce purchase on top and really spend 3x as much as somebody who is store-only. So as we open up stores, expected to see some moderation of e-commerce demand, but it's still up 90% last quarter. So we feel very good about that.  In terms of -- I think the second part of your question was about category performance on e-com, which Dave will be happy to take, and then we can just get into Ultamate Rewards at the end of the 3-pronged question. 
Mary Dillon: I'm just going to add one thing to Scott's answer, which is on top of it, the way that we thought about the Target partnership, I'd say, is really an amplifier to our business model. As Scott said, we believe we can still build out the number of stores that we've mapped out. And this yet gives us yet another point of distribution, a way to reach millions of new guests with a trial and discovery version of Ulta Beauty, right, that we amplify back to the Ulta Beauty full business model as well. And so as we map out the future of those locations, plus our store locations, working in partnership with Target to make this a win for everybody. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you for joining us today. I'd like to close by thanking all of the Ulta Beauty associates across our stores, distribution centers and offices for their truly relentless effort to navigate through this challenging environment while also working hard to get our stores, website and DCs ready for the holiday season. We know this holiday season will be like no other, but our team is ready and excited to help our guests see the joy of the season. And we hope that you, your colleagues and your loved ones stay safe and healthy. We look forward to speaking to all of you again in March when we report our fourth quarter and full year results. Thank you. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Oliver, category performance on e-com really mirrors the total company performance that we highlighted in the script. So strength across skincare, haircare, bath, fragrance, exceptionally strong and continued challenges although some bright spots in makeup. So nothing different about our e-commerce business versus our store from a category standpoint with real strength and growth coming outside of the makeup category. So we're pleased with that.  As it relates to the -- our loyalty program, I'll just start with saying we are really -- remain incredibly proud of what we believe is one of the best loyalty programs in all of retail. And even with some of the challenges we faced this year, we know our guests continue to love the program. They're highly engaged in that program. Our brand partners continue to find a lot of value through the access and the insights that they get by engaging in that program. Our elite guests, our diamond and platinum guests are still highly engaged. It is working at a very high level, and we're really glad that we -- we've always been glad to have it, and we certainly have been happy to have that as part of our arsenal this year as we face this unprecedented times.  But yes, we did see a decline this year, primarily due to store closures. That hurts our new member conversion, and it also impacts retention because, as you know, while our e-commerce business is growing, and we have a significant increase in penetration of our member base at our e-commerce, it's still a majority store-based user loyalty program. And some of those guests, particularly the least engaged, the non-elite guests, we have seen a bit of a hit on retention with those least tenured guests.  Importantly, as I think Mary mentioned in the script, our retention with our most tenured guests, the platinum and diamond, remains very strong, and we're seeing a lot of strong performance in that. So with nearly 32 million members, we're -- we feel like it's still very strong, and we're focused on reactivating guests, continuing to drive strong engagement with our engaged guests and those elite guests. But as a reminder, we do calculate loyalty -- the number of our loyalty program over rolling 12 months. And so as each month goes by, we're still lapping a pre-COVID period through this -- through the next several months. So we're working hard to reengage our guests, but we'll continue to be lapping a period where we weren't facing the challenges, particularly in our store fleet. So we're anticipating some challenges with our less tenured guests for a little while but focused on retaining them and seeing strength as we emerge out of this in 2021. 
David Kimbell: Then on your promotional question for the holidays, of course, as we've talked about before, holiday is always a very promotional time frame for every retailer. And we see it as not just competing against other beauty retailers, but really other categories as well as we're competing for the gift-giving occasions. So naturally, we see an increase in promotionality. We also, as Mary mentioned, have -- we've pulled up our promotions and changed the cadence a bit, and we're seeing that across the category as well as more effort to spread promotional activity around, to give guests more opportunities to feel more comfortable shopping both in store and online to manage their gift-giving and personal occasions.  Overall, we see it as competitive. We've seen some competitors be a bit more promotional. We've seen brands a bit more aggressive in some limited time offers, in their DTC. I wouldn't classify that as a dramatic or radical shift in promotionality. And as always, we're watching the market very closely. We've got great tools in place. We feel like the efforts we've implemented so far this holiday season this quarter have been effective. And we're confident in the promotional plans that we have, both leading up through the rest of Christmas and then post holiday as well. So feel good about the position and certainly managing and monitoring it on a daily basis. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I'd just say certainly, it's, as you said in your question, a really disrupted time to try to measure consumer dynamics. And so we're watching closely on share of wallet. What we do know is we continue to gain share, and we talked about this, I think, in previous calls and discussions, gaining share on the prestige side, we're across categories within prestige, makeup, skincare, haircare. We've seen that consistently.  As we talked in previous calls, we lost -- we feel like we lost some share as our stores were shut earlier in the pandemic in the mass side, and our mass competitors remained open, which would imply a bit of a short-term hit on share of wallet, but we're seeing that business strengthen and perform really well in Q3. And so confident in that. So we're going to wait for the dust to fully settle on 2020 to really assess the impact of share of wallet. What we do know is we came into this pandemic with real momentum and strength across categories and price points, gaining share, gaining share of wallet, gaining customer growth. There's been disruption, but we think our model, as Mary said, is quite strong. We think we're very well positioned to accelerate out of this and continue the path of driving growth and share across all dimensions. 
Scott Settersten: All right. Thanks, Rupesh. So first, I think with fourth quarter, it's important to keep in mind what the sales guidance is. So again, we expect a softer top line in Q4 versus Q3. Again, that's compared to last year's trends, right? So that comes with inherent margin pressure, generally speaking.  We anticipate gross margin to leverage in Q4 similar to Q3 levels, with many of the same drivers that we've seen through the last couple of quarters primarily deleverage of fixed cost in the stores and across the supply chain, on lower sales volumes. And then this -- we can have some nice offsets with improving merchandise margins similar to what we saw in Q3.  I guess as long as I'm talking about margins, I'll just pivot over to SG&A as well. Just as a reminder, we've made some comments in the call about the shift in the payroll, right, from -- related to the services manager going from cost of goods sold down to SG&A. So that's something to keep in mind as you update your model and just a little bit more color there. So we expect -- in SG&A, we do expect more deleverage in Q4 versus Q3, with the pressure being from store payroll and benefits as we ramp up store labor again and make sure we deliver excellent guest experience during the holiday season and then some increasing store expenses primarily due to the COVID and PPE-related costs.  Lastly there, I'd say on the advertising or marketing side, there was a shift. We talked about this earlier in the year. So marketing is going to be heavier in the fourth quarter as we go into holiday. We view that as opportunistic spend versus what we saw earlier in the year. 
Scott Settersten: And Rupesh, I just want to clarify, I did mean deleverage. So gross margin deleverage in Q4 versus Q3, same with SG&A. 
Scott Settersten: And then finally, on the Canada piece, we haven't really quantified any element of the Canadian expansion plans here over the last couple of years we've been talking about this. So suffice it to say, it's a start-up investment like a lot of other things, and there's typically some deleverage that comes along with that during their early phases. That wasn't -- so we will avoid that next year, obviously, by not moving ahead with that. But back to Mary's comments, that's not the reason why we stepped away from that. I mean it was just a question of what were the highest priorities and where should we be focusing our efforts in light of all the disruption we're dealing with these days. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So I guess maybe I'll go to the last piece of that first. So no, it doesn't change our outlook really on that range that we've been talking about and reaffirming over the last few years. So 1,500 to 1,700 stores in the U.S. We still feel comfortable that that's very doable range even with the new Target announcement here recently. So as you can well imagine, real estate being one of our core competencies, this has been on the front burner, just thinking about the impact to store growth in the future and how -- what changes this might drive us to. So we don't see any big pendulum swing with respect to that, although that's something we'll keep our eyes on, right, as we move down the pathway with the Target team.  And so as far as next year, the cadence, so yes, at least 30 stores, markets partly related to our ability to work with our landlord partners. I mean you know a lot of these leases we're working years in advance, right? So there are signed leases and commitments to move forward with certain projects. So again, we're relooking at all of those, all the signed agreements that we have and all the others that are in the queue, just to make sure we're making good decisions and going with the best of the best kind of locations that we feel very confident in. So it's a thoughtful process, but we feel like we've got really great capabilities there analytically, and our real estate team is best in class. So we feel confident in the future. 
