Mary Dillon: Well, let me take a start at this, which is in terms of promotions, I would say that over the course of the year, we have been, I think, smartly experimenting with different ways to drive consumer retention and value with less discounting. So through the use of our CRM capabilities and some tweaks to some of our other tactics, we've been learning and experimenting with what our parameters are around how we can sort of drive long-term growth with little bit less reliance on promotion. And as we said, as we saw the environment start to change towards the end of the third quarter, the great thing is that we were able to nimbly, I would say, adjust and adapt to that because we have tools that we can turn very quickly. So we're going to continue to look for ways for the long haul. We can reduce some reliance on promotion and price discounts. But also, as we said in the call, we want to play to win, and we're going to continue to be aggressive in the fourth quarter, as we expect it to be very promotional. 
Mary Dillon: Well, first of all, it's a -- there's a lot of activity in this category, that's for sure, and we are certainly aggressive. Our e-commerce performance in the quarter, we're very proud about that, and particularly the change for our new website, which is performing extremely well with even stronger conversion. So we're constantly watching the competitive environment certainly. And I don't think there's anything that we've seen that surprised us, but we know we should be in a stance to continue to be aggressive. And again, with our tools being more nimble and facile, and I think more consumer-friendly on our website, it gives us the opportunity to continue to play very strong. 
Mary Dillon: Well, let me just start in a couple of ways. One is that we -- as we described in terms of the full year expectations, this is -- we are still performing at a strong level in terms of top line growth and really, one of the top in the industry. So we're not troubled by what we're seeing in terms of our customer trends. What we are doing is reacting to an environment that looks to be more promotional and also being mindful of future investments that we believe need to be made to continue to support our growing business. So our base of customers right now is strong. I mean, we've got a really strong loyalty membership group of customers who are very responsive, and we're learning as we're tweaking some of our tactics about how to really personalize and customize offers to them in a way that we believe will drive, as it is, more units per transaction. And that's a good thing. So the way that we're thinking about our promotional tactics right now, I would say, is really not dramatic. These are small changes around the edges to learn about the sensitivity, and we're doing them at the time that the marketplace is maybe a little bit volatile and consumer sentiment is a little bit unpredictable. The good news is that we can ratchet back, which is what we've done, to our more traditional cadence. But I believe we've got the best tools that we've ever had to continue to test and learn. And we know that there's a lot of guests who -- there's a lot for them to discover at Ulta and a lot of products that, when we bring it to their attention via some of our e-mails and Beauty Breaks! and whatnot, we're seeing great response. So we'll continue to play with that and drive our growth. 
Mary Dillon: Well, that's an accurate reflection of our performance relative to guidance. And really, what we're doing today is just what we think is our best view of what to expect in the fourth quarter, given the environment as well as our preliminary view of 2014. Ulta is and will still continue to be a high-growth company, and the 2014 look that we're giving, which isn't guidance, but the early view, is still a very high-growth company. But it is different than what was stated before. I would say this isn't about bar setting, but it is about -- as Scott said and I said in my comments, this is also a great time for us just to take a step back and really create a 10-year view of Ulta. It's been a very successful company for many years, but like any business, the environment changes, whether it's the consumer environment, the categories we compete in, the competitive environment. So we really want to take a very thoughtful and deep view of our strategic planning. There's going to be plenty of choices we believe we have for future growth. We want to prioritize those and then come back with guidance based on that work. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I guess I would say a couple of things. One is we're also in an environment that's changing and fluid in the marketplace. So as we said in the third quarter, we did see a change in our trend towards the end of the quarter, and we're reacting to that. So I feel very optimistic and upbeat about our prospects. And again, we're going to come out of this year with a very top performance in terms of top and bottom line. But it's somewhat different than what we would have guided, even really just coming in -- out of the -- in the middle of the second quarter. So that's different, and that would give us a reason to say let's look at our preliminary view of 2014 and provide the best transparency to that, that we can. Beyond that, I feel very optimistic about our future growth prospects. I'd say the only thing that's different is, as I learned about our business, I continue to be very optimistic. But I think we're going to have to be choiceful in terms of how we pick our spots for future growth. There's investments that will continue to be required as we look at a competitive environment that's increasingly omni-channel. Consumer views are changing, categories are evolving. So it's really not anything more than -- regardless of how this quarter performed, we would have been doing the strategic planning, frankly, and really want to come out in the future with our best view of what that future growth looks like. And I continue -- we very much expect Ulta to continue to be a high-growth, high-performance company. That stance has not changed. 
Mary Dillon: I was talking about [ph] more of a long term view which was that as we know that there's more people competing in beauty and really the need to be able to really operate in a very omni-channel environment, which is part of what our investment in our supply chain and ITs are going to allow us to do. In terms of the short term, I would just say, as we saw some impacts on our traffic -- I mean, our transactions, is that -- towards the end of the second quarter relative to our promotional changes, we felt that it's probably a little bit more promotionally sensitive than we might have thought going into the fourth quarter. But not dramatically so. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, sure. That was related to 2 changes at the executive team level in terms of the HR and the supply chain functions and just my judgment about capabilities that we needed there for the future. So we've got a great strong team here, we made a couple of changes and we're moving forward. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I just want to add one thing, which is that up until a recent shift in trend, these tweaks to our promotional strategy were encouraging to us. So in no way, shape or form did we step back from that as a longer-term way for us to continue to drive top line and bottom line, because we know we're getting smarter, we can test and learn. And yet, if the environment changed, we can respond to it. But we're going to continue to drive that over the long haul. 
Mary Dillon: Well, let me just start by saying that 125 stores this year, we've said, is probably about the peak in terms of really just executing with excellence. Every time we open up new stores, we do a great job identifying real estate and constructing those stores. We also have to hire folks and staff them and train them and have them ready for our guests. So we feel good about that number and really believe that, coming down off of that, is really just a way for next year to make sure that we're striking that right balance. We're not concerned about our ability to find the right real estate and to build those stores, and we're not concerned about the productivity of our store model. We just think this is a better pace for us right now. 
Mary Dillon: Well, as you know, we are really thrilled with the fact that our assortment continues to evolve. Our team here has done a great job partnering with really great vendors and iconic brands, and that's been part of the magic of Ulta, frankly. And it's great. So as I said in my prepared comments, we've gone to 100 Clinique store boutiques and 105 Lancôme boutiques this year, which is great. Benefit boutique doing exceptionally well, and we're going to continue to build out that strategy. So I can't tell you specifics today, but you can imagine that, that's high on our hit list of things to continue to build on. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Well, I -- we'll just answer that really at a macro level. But our supply chain today, I think, is performing very well for us, yet we know that we need to do more, especially because number one, we're a growing business. So we need more infrastructure to support our multi-year growth plans. We also know that we need to continually increase our ability to compete in an omni-channel way. So we're thrilled with our e-commerce performance, but we want to make sure that we have the capability at a minimum to be able to have our guests, for example, understand if they can order online and pick up in our stores. Whether or not we ship from stores is a different question, but we're really looking at the range of capabilities. And as I'm sure you imagine, that's not the -- you need to have the right systems in place to allow that kind of capability. And we also know that we have opportunities just in end-to-end efficiency in our supply chain. So we've taken some time to really build a robust view of that. We're -- the first stage of that is really building a new distribution center in 2015, which we're planning. But beyond that, there's also plans to invest in the right systems and in people and capability and capacity to support our long-term growth ambitions. We plan to get to 1,200 stores and continue to be a very high-growth retailer, so we need a supply chain that supports that. 
Mary Dillon: Right. I think it's a perfect example of -- we sit back and think about our 10-year view of Ulta and how we want to really differentiate Ulta. That's exactly the kind of question we're asking ourselves. Ultimately, we really have a differentiated proposition today because of the one-stop shop ability, the exciting assortment that we offer, but also the fact that you can get services in our stores, which I don't think anybody can get online yet and hopefully never. But anyway -- so we've got a really differentiated concept that we believe is going to really be the place that allows us to win for the long term. So we're going to examine what we think about trends, consumer trends, anti-aging -- an example might be skin health, right? So there's ways that we can think about. Is there more we can do there? But that's just one example. But we'll put all those under the, I guess, sort of the examination lens here as we think about places that we'll continue to invest to grow. So -- but for sure, services will continue to be part of our long-term proposition. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Can I ask you guys to take those for us? Janet and Jeff, you want to take the marketing? We have our team here. 
Mary Dillon: Well, yes. We were very happy with that transition, and we were being cautious about that. So that's better than we expected. The first 3 quarters still, I would say, were benefiting from some pretty high-ticket products that we were selling that were hot products and -- I mean, supplements and some tools. We're excited about our continued growth, but the comps do get tougher going forward. So we're going to continue to grow. I'm not sure if we're citing a specific number, but it's -- we're going to continue to have tough comps, but we also feel more optimistic with the transition going better than it did, I might add. 
Mary Dillon: In closing, I'd like to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates who worked very hard to deliver solid results in a tough environment in the third quarter. I'm very proud of the team for driving strong store sales while delivering on elements of our longer-term initiatives to position the company for success over the long haul. While we're acknowledging some of the challenges we're facing in the near term, I know the long-term opportunities for Ulta still make it one of the most exciting growth stories in all of retail. Thank you for your interest in Ulta Beauty, and I look forward to speaking with you soon. 
Scott Settersten: Thanks, Brian. I guess the first thing I would say is we're not giving any specific guidance for 2014 at this point in time. But being mindful of your question, I think directionally, we would think 2014 would shape up much in the way that 2013 did, with the emphasis and the strategy being on trying to lever back on the promotional environment overall and continuing to develop the guest experience in the store to drive the business, long-term profitable growth of the guest experience in our stores. So big picture, I would say it's more in the merchandise margin and gross profit line, directionally speaking, for 2014. Again, much like it was in 2013. As with respect to the midteens operating margin target, again, I would say that we're suspending that initially by what we're seeing here for the near term on 2014 and what we think the guidance targets are for 2014. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Hey, Evren, a couple of data points again for people who follow the industry fairly closely. If you look back over the last couple of years, so 8 to 10 quarters, you would notice that both prestige and mass color cosmetic categories were really at the high-water mark at the end of fiscal 2011. So both of those categories were just into the double-digit year-over-year growth rates at that point in time, and they've both been on a slow deceleration over the course of the last 2 years so that we ended our Q3 -- I think mass color year-over-year was flat, and prestige color was low to mid-single-digits. So we're bucking those headwinds as well overall in our box besides the category -- the nail and the fragrance deceleration that has been talked about in the open marketplace here for the last couple of quarters. So there's a number of headwinds that we have category-wise that, to this point in time, we've been able to mitigate fairly well, even with the pullback on some of the promotional things that we're doing for the business. So people are curious as to the timing of things. Coming out of Q2, we felt really good about where we were. Our plans were working, we felt comfortable with where we were through the guidance phase of the last quarter's call. And really, this transaction trend went south on us late September and really heavily into October. So we're taking a really close look at that both from an internal view on what did we do that could have changed the guest perception or shopping patterns, or was it more macro kinds of things that have kind of stacked on top of each other here over time. So again, we're deep into the investigation process on all of those things, and you can -- rest assured, we're working hard to try to find the answer. 
Scott Settersten: No. The comp stack for the third quarter is pretty similar to what we had back in the first quarter so you can remember back, we did a 6.7% all-in comp in the first quarter. We're doing a 6.80% or so. By and large, the stores look the same. Still the stores from 0 to 5 years, that comp ramp looks exactly the same as what's reflected in our model. When you get beyond year 5, years 6 through 15 is roughly in the -- it's in the solid low-single digit range. And then when you get beyond the 15-year range, it's more or less a net 0. So consistent with what we would expect at this kind of comp level. So again, we feel -- we're pleased with the 2013 slate of new stores and no change in the ramps. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We tried to give you a realistic view of the business. Again, I mentioned in my prepared comments that there's 200 basis points in that 7% to 9%, Ike, that's really just a basic measurement, the arithmetic measure versus last year. So it's not really reflective of the core of the business. The core business is still operating at a 5% to 7%. 
Scott Settersten: They are somewhat lower. I mean, we did see a dropoff in retail sales late in the third quarter, which we mentioned here, driven by transaction deceleration. So we have taken down our internal view of what we expect retail sales to be in the fourth quarter. So yes, that has been taken down somewhat. 
Scott Settersten: Dan, I don't think I really have anything more to share on that one other than the 200 -- we're calling it 200 basis points roughly of the year-over-year comparison. And we have taken down our retail estimates, our retail comp estimates for the fourth quarter that are really -- really, it's the competitive environment and the conservative view that we're taking on the fourth quarter and what the margin rate investment is going to be to maintain those sales levels. 
Scott Settersten: No. I don't think so. I mean, our stores are continuing to perform at the levels that we expect them to. We may not see an overperformance kind of environment, like maybe that you've seen in the past or have been reflected in models just through the delivering of actual results. Historically, stores have -- our new store program has way overdelivered what our initial expectations were. So naturally, in an environment where comps are a bit more challenged, there's going to be some kind of headwinds on those new stores. I mean, they're not immune to what's going on with the macro consumer environment. So that might be a bit [indiscernible] if you're looking at it from a modeling perspective. 
Scott Settersten: No, Matt. Our view is on the 1,200-store potential for our 10,000 square foot box. Nothing's changed with respect to any of that. Again, what we're faced with here in the near term, we think, is just -- it's whatever, a pendulum swing that will come and it will go, and consumer and category itself will bounce back here. Again, over the long term, we feel really good about our model and about the category overall. As we look at next year, it's really a balance. I think we've said before that 125 stores this year was kind on the outer reaches of what we felt like we could do comfortably, both supporting it with operating disciplines and training and all the other things we have to do with our new store associates. As we look to next year, we want to do a few more remodels, so that's kind of -- again, those are more or less like a new store, so that kind adds in -- gets you to your total buildout. And then there's a few more things internally that we want to do, kind of in-store projects with planogram changes in the mass area and a few other things we want to do. So all in all, we feel really comfortable with where we are, and it's more of a balanced approach next year. 
Scott Settersten: Well, one thing I do want to point out is that in the fourth quarter, even though we're guiding gross profits flat year-over-year, we are expecting merchandise margin to expand by roughly 50 basis points. So our plan of trying to balance the promotional environment here whilst continuing to drive a great value orientation for our customer is still in place. What we've seen here develop recently -- again, everybody sees this in the news, right? Our mailboxes are full every night, our e-mail accounts are full. We see the fashion and soft good guys out there with 50% off the whole store on the first week in a holiday. I mean, that -- nobody really expected that. I mean, we knew it was going to be competitive, but we didn't know it was going to be to this extent. So looking at it again objectively, in a balanced way, we said we need to compete here to maintain our gains. But when I think back -- and this is one of the benefits, I guess, for being around for a while, right? Thinking back, analogizing back to really -- the last time we saw discussions about inventory levels with these soft good players and the need to get through this stuff before the end of the holiday season was back in 2008, and that was a tough environment for everyone. And we'll take the same view this year as we did then, a balanced view between investing margin and chasing the comp number. So we'll be very mindful of that. 
Scott Settersten: No. By and large, again, when we talk about promotions and discounting, that is non-prestige kind of business. So prestige product, that category, by and large, there is no discounting allowed. It's an SRP out the door. 
Scott Settersten: No. The promotions itself, it's generally non-prestige-related. Again, from time to time, prestige becomes part of the mix with some of the offers that we give our guests. But by and large, in the third quarter, it was non-prestige-related categories. 
Scott Settersten: We expect to end the year in line -- similar to where we ended the third quarter. So it'll be well below what the comp increase is for the year. We feel very, very comfortable with our inventory position. Again, as many of you know, there's very little in the way of fashion risk in our inventory, so very low obsolescence risk. So again, very comfortable we're on plan and expecting to hit our targets at the end of the year. 
Scott Settersten: And I would add, we picked up steam at the end of 2012 with our e-commerce site. They had a really good fourth quarter, so I wouldn't expect the 70% growth for the fourth quarter year-over-year. 
Scott Settersten: Right. So we are happily expecting to see merchandise margin expansion with product mix and the prestige mix being richer as part of the overall business. We do have headwinds with fixed store cost. That's really the primary offset there, Jill. So it's really the accelerated new store program, especially with 125 new stores now kind of entering into the chain here late in the third quarter. So that's the headwind that's offsetting the merchandise margin gains. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I wouldn't use the term underinvested, Jill. I mean, there is -- I think we've talked to many of you, at least I have, over the last year. Right? I mean, as a growing company, there's always things we'd like invest in, but you need to have the proper team in place and the proper third parties to help coach you along in some of these more complicated kinds of things. So I would just remind everyone, the biggest investment we're making is in the new store program. So big acceleration in 2012 and into 2013. And even next year, at 15%, 100 stores, do the arithmetic. That's no small feat for us. And that's still -- the best investment produces the best shareholder returns that we currently have. So in the current term though, that creates some headwinds for us on fixed store cost. Again, we don't get the leverage with all those stores going in place that we have in recent years, so that hurts us a bit. Some of the investments are more certain things. Mary talked about supply chain. We're going to get a lot of new capabilities there, which are going to be very helpful for us down the road. There's things in IT. Again, they're primarily customer-facing kinds of investments. So in-store POS systems that will allow us to do more mobile and all that kind of flashy iPad stuff, which everyone does now and we need to invest in as well. That's what the guests expects. There's other investments like brand awareness, marketing investments, training for store associates to make sure we give the right guest experience in places like skin category, which is high touch and high impact. So those things -- those are one of the things that we're talking about as part of the strategic planning process and how far do we need to go and to what extent do we need to do those kinds of things. So -- and then there are other things I'd call kind of compliance costs, non-investments, but will be a drag on earnings next year around health care. So some of that stuff is starting to kick in now. And I can tell you, generally speaking, it's more expensive than anybody really thought initially. So that's kind of the short bucket list for what we're looking at for 2014. 
