Scott Settersten: Yes, Simeon, I guess I'll take a crack at the first one here. As far as gross profit expansion was concerned for the third quarter, as I look out at the next couple, specifically the fourth quarter, I wouldn't expect to see the same kind of expansion that we just saw in the third quarter. I mean, the fourth quarter, I think you know the holiday season is a little bit different animal for us, with the competitive set kind of changing. We have, again, a large number of new stores entering into the overall base here. So there's a bit more fixed store cost deleverage coming in the fourth quarter that will drift the next couple of quarters as well. So again, we think our guidance includes all those ramifications, and we think it's prudent under the circumstances. As far as thinking forward a little bit about investments, I mean, it's -- you heard us describe all of this at our Analyst Day back in October. It's a pretty aggressive plan. There's a lot of heavy lifting as far as the investments are concerned over the next couple of years. I think we're probably as accelerated, probably, as we feel comfortable at, at this stage in the game. Of course, we'd always course correct as we see things change in the business. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the investment cycle is concerned here over the near term, the next 18, 24, 36 months, so I mean, you're -- again, clearly, we're going to -- Indianapolis is underway here, that building slated to be online mid-2015, shortly followed thereafter with a new distribution center in the south going online approximately the same time of the year in 2016, kind of a carbon copy. So the short answer is yes, we do expect our quarter-to-quarter performance to be a bit lumpier than it has been historically. I know we've talked to many investors about that over the last couple of years. That's one of the reasons why we've kind of backed away from more detailed guidance that we've done in the past. As a reminder, most of the investment is going to be flowing through the gross profit line in the P&L. There will be a minor part, I think, flowing through SG&A for some consulting things. But by and large, all these in capital investments will amortize through gross profit. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I mean, we started off the year, I think, guiding, right, expansion and margin over the course of the year. Again, in the early part of the year, it was a smaller part of the mix overall. And we're happy to see that play out the way we expected. So we saw 10 basis points of expansion in merch margin year-over-year in the third quarter. We don't expect that necessarily to repeat in the fourth quarter. We'll see how it plays out. We have good plans in place, we think, to try to maintain our momentum there and try to do what we can to expand it. But it is a bit of a different animal in the fourth quarter. And we'll do what we have in the past, right, to protect our market share gains. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, we're very happy with -- overall with our inventories. Again, we were up 5.8% year-over-year, which is a little elevated from what we've seen earlier in the year, but we are very confident those are a and b [ph] SKUs that we're buying aggressively because the business is strong. And we're confident that that's going to continue through the fourth quarter. So... 
Scott Settersten: Just to put a point on that, Evren, so of the $10 million that we described starting out the year, most of that now is in the rearview mirror. There's a bit that's still embedded in the fourth quarter, but it's not worth really discussing. And as Mary said, there'll always be -- we'll always have an increment built in, in future years for test-and-learn. It won't be to the same magnitude that it was in 2014. 
Scott Settersten: And it's really key for us. We want to monitor during the holiday season now because of the spike in sales and the number of footsteps that come through the door to make sure we can manage all that and to the levels that we want to. So... 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Andrew. Yes. We're really, really thrilled with the performance of the brands that we've been adding to the mix. And I think I talked about 1 example. Cosmetics was a big win for us in the quarter with the expansion of the brush line and whatnot. There's many examples of that. We continue to just look forward at our growth, and we think we are a great place to grow. We're pleased with the performance that we have with our brands. And we'll always look to continue to really, I guess, best meet our guest's needs. And as she continues to be interested in more prestige brands, we'll continue to look at those as well. So thank you. 
Mary Dillon: That's your first question, okay. Aram, thank you. So I guess there's a few things going on there, right. One is that last year, we had this -- I guess you'd call it the fiscal cliff effect that we think had an impact on traffic and consumer sentiment that we saw at the end of the quarter. And we were also cycling up against a very promotional year-ago quarter. And so some of those factors, we think, actually -- that in conjunction with we were starting to pull back a bit in some of our promotional intensity, put those together, we think those are some of the factors that drove some of the impact to the comp that we saw in that quarter. This year, as we look at it, I think it's obviously a, overall, much healthier consumer sentiment happening. While there's still pressure on household budgets in a lot of ways, obviously, the overall economic outlook and economy, jobs are more positive. And we are still continuing to really be cautious but smart about balancing our investment and targeted offers with price discounts. We think we're getting a little bit better at that, probably more knowledge as we've done this a little bit more over time. So those are kind of the things. Those -- in each year, every quarter has something new as it relates to new products, and some are going to perform better than others, right. So that's always a part of the equation. So we feel like we have a pretty good understanding of all that and confident that the drivers that got us to this quarter result are ones that we can -- we think we can continue to drive in the future. 
Mary Dillon: Certainly, the notion of having a really robust pipeline of products, so products and brands that our guests want, that they know of already and products and brands that we can bring to market in partnership or invest in, are all in the consideration set for us. We want to really be known as the beauty authority. And certainly, the more things that are exclusive to us, the better over time, right. I don't think that'll ever be an -- at the highest part of what we do, but certainly, we'll want to grow that. Having said that, we're just really, I think, beginning to develop that capability, take some investment of time and people to do that. And so that's certainly a focus for us in 2015 is to build out strategy, capability and plans there because I think it's very exciting and interesting to think about consumer insight, combined with great merchandising and retail execution as part of our strategy. But it's early for us yet to be. We have so many other priorities right now, frankly, that that's what we're focused on. 
Mary Dillon: I'll start with that one, because that's actually easier, which is that it really is a combination of both. Ike, I would say that it's a mix of to prestige, it's less discounting. Those together have really been the drivers. 
Mary Dillon: Well, yes, I would say a couple of things. One is that this is not a dramatic wholesale pullback on discounts. We're doing it carefully, I think smartly. What we're doing is looking at frequency and depth of circulation, of price-related discounts, but reducing that. But on the flipside, really leveraging our CRM platform and our loyalty program to incent our guests in a more personalized and targeted, we think, more effective and efficient way, right. So it's a little hard to measure all those impacts at any one moment in time, but certainly, where we can see that play out is in ticket improvement, margin improvement. And we think that's working for us. So -- but again, I've said this before, I believe in walk before you run. So Dave Kimbell and his team are doing a lot of work around just really making sure we continue to fine-tune, test and learn, understand all the demand dynamics so that we can be -- we always need to be a value to our guests is a way to think about it. And it's -- there's no one exact way to define that. But the more relevant we can be with the offerings and then how we position those and communicate those to her, the more that value equation is less about just come in because you have a coupon or a discount. That said, a lot of our guests like our coupons and our discounts, right. So it does play out in terms of the ticket dynamic. And we think it's -- obviously, it's one of the assumptions we build into our long-range plan is that we'll continue to be able to do that. Because the other place that this plays out is that less money spent on discounting, within the context of our P&L, offers us more opportunity to spend on driving awareness and the whole new guest acquisition part of our strategy, which is, we think, an opportunity -- we know it's an opportunity as we go forward. New guests don't discover you just by accident. Sometimes they do because we've opened up a store, which is great, but we're investing and testing and learning in, actually, marketplace programs already that are about using all forms of ways to communicate, whether it's traditional or new media, to drive new guest acquisition. So some of that sort of efficiencies there will be used to drive new guest growth. 
Mary Dillon: Well, this is the crystal ball part of the show, right. Just kidding. But certainly, the -- I would say a couple of things on the consumer sentiment. I think it's a mixed bag a little bit. I mean, there's certainly a positive economic news that create this more upbeat climate: stock market, employment, GDP. But there's also a lot of pressure on household budget. So if you look at increased costs in health care, food, rent, technology and incomes aren't growing that fast. So I think -- the good news is either way, Ulta's really well-positioned because of our breadth of assortment, our overall value proposition. So we're seeing that play out. As it relates to holiday, then I think the same thing rolls forward. We expect it to continue to be a very competitive time. It's always a time of year that we compete in a broader, I guess, competitive frame because it's more about gift giving, and beauty is part of that, right. It's not only that we're competing against beauty retailers. Certainly, the last couple of years, they've been very promotional. I think what we've been reading in terms of what other retailers are saying so far about the start to the holiday season is we can expect that to continue. So I think that some guests will have more money to spend and some less, but everybody's going to be competing for that share of wallet during the holiday period. We expect that. We feel well positioned with what we've got ready for holiday. I will just add that. We've got a really great lineup in terms of our product offerings and our marketing plans. Our stores are ready. Our DCs are ready. Our e-commerce platform's really performing well. So we feel good about it, but we expect it and that's put into our guidance that we expect that. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, our plan for the fourth quarter is to continue to build on what's working. So I mean, certainly, the -- one of our best tools is our CRM capability, and that holds true even more so during holiday, right, when people are very busy and trying to sort out what to purchase in terms of gifts. One of the things that we've done is we've really -- we've taken our website and organized it around this theme of Give Gorgeously as a section. And it really makes it easy for people to understand kind of if you're looking for gifts for teens or for men or whatever. So we can communicate to our guests directly via email about gifts and certainly hot prices and great products, and we're doing that. And that said, there's also other tactics that we'll continue to use that are about driving traffic and about great prices. So it's really, I think, a combination or a continuation of what we've been doing, with an expectation that there's more competition and, hence, a little more promotion than another quarter. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Well, just in terms of the actual tests themselves, there pretty much was -- the third quarter was where we did the testing and spent most of the money. There are some that's into the fourth quarter but a small part of it. Test and learn ongoing is going to be part of our mindset, but I don't expect it to be the kind of investment that we made this year, frankly, because we really were kind of really trying to do a lot at once, and it wasn't planned in our budget. As we look forward, it's part of, again, how we're going to run the business, and it's already built into our guidance in the 5-year plan. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, sure. Well, we're really pleased with our merchandise offers, our marketing communications. I'd say relative to last year, we just continue, I think, to get more honed at understanding our guest and what she needs and really picking our spots. And so I'm pleased with -- I think the team did a great job. And the traffic and sales that came from it that it drove, we're pleased with. Scott already talked about inventory. We're happy with our in-stock position, which is great; with our website performance, which Dave just touched on. Our e-commerce fulfillment capabilities worked really well for us. So the guidance that we've given for Q4 doesn't embed already to what we saw in the -- at the holiday, and we're pleased with it. 
Mary Dillon: We can't hear you very well. Steph? Operator, why don't we go to the next question? We'll see if we can get Steph back in a bit. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. We're going to -- we're still in the process of really looking at the trend-out data, the customer satisfaction metrics. We tested a couple of different staffing-type models at different levels. I'd have to say we're pleased with the results. It's certainly -- we had a hypothesis. I don't think it was hard to confirm, but that the more guest-facing time that we can give our stores, the better in terms of conversion and ticket. And we saw that really -- now it's really just a matter of sort of to what extent do you want to invest and how much is return. But we know over time with the supply chain investments and IT investments that these -- the customer-facing hours will naturally become more available to our associates in stores. It'll just take a while for those to play out. So as we build our plan for 2015, we'll certainly be taking those learnings into consideration. I don't expect that it will be a wholesale dramatic change to our store staffing model, but certainly, whether it relates to markets, volume levels, categories, there's a lot that we can play with there. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, it's still -- our overall plan in terms of our store growth really was about the traditional store format, the large store format. And we have always said that the small store, we would see the incremental to that. I'm not sure exactly when we're going to start doing more of them. So far, we have 2. The test is early. We're really pleased with the results. But it is a different operating model, everything from learning about how to manage the fact that we have fewer SKUs in the store, so making sure we can allow our guests to be able to order from the store and have it shipped to her home; a different kind of labor model; certainly, a different kind of replenishment model, so all those things will take a little time. We like what we're seeing, but we really want to make sure that as we expand this concept, and we are encouraged about that, but that we really set ourselves up for great success as we do that. 
Mary Dillon: But besides pimping, doing fun brow services that add a special holiday sparkle, I guess I'd call it. So there's lots of ways, I think, to grow within the service core that we have today. 
Mary Dillon: I just want to say thank you, all, for your attention and interest in Ulta and to all of the Ulta associates for a great job in the third quarter and your readiness and execution for the holiday season. So thank you very much. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I don't think we'll have the exact percentage of guests versus non-guests that visit our site. We know we over-index on our site in our ability to attract new guests. So we get a greater percentage of new members from our site than it represents of our total sales. So it is a strong channel for us to continue to attract new guests. And as we shared a little bit in our Analyst Day, we have a small percentage of our guests that are actively shopping in between the channels today. But we are doing a lot to encourage them, and we're seeing growth in that activity. So we continue to bring initiatives into the marketplace, designed specifically to get an online guest into our stores, try to drive her in to use a salon service or to shop one of the -- one of our brands in stores and vice versa. When we have a brick-and-mortar customer, make sure he's aware of our online because those guests are some of our best guests and we're going to continue to try to drive that integration across channels. 
David Kimbell: Yes. I don't think we've shared specific metrics related to some of those elements. But I will tell you what -- we're very happy with how the site enhancements are -- have continued to improve the experience overall. And we've invested, as you mentioned, a couple of those but continuing to look for ways to both engage our customers more in beauty and our brands through our content destination, yes, the beauty destination that you talked about, video content that we've been bringing online, shoppable videos, a variety of different ways to try to get consumers to see us as -- increasingly see us as a beauty expert and a leader in the space. And we can see content as a way to do that. And that, we know, has driven traffic and engagement on our site. We've also looked for ways to enhance that shopping experience once we get them there. So things through our cart overlay and how we'll expand -- enhancing that, we did that through the third quarter, even programs like our salon appointments that Mary mentioned in her script. We've enhanced how we're describing and highlighting promos through some different fly-out capabilities. So we're continuing to both enhance and expand the guest experience to attract her there. And once she's there, converged -- convert her. And we believe and we know, through all of our tracking, that it's working. It continues to drive. We had, as you saw in the results, a very strong quarter, and that was driven in -- at least in part by these enhancements and the continued improvement of our site performance overall. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We absolutely continue to see that taking -- becoming a bigger, bigger part of our overall business. And the strong growth in the third quarter, and we've seen that actually continue. So what we're -- we launched a new iPad app in the third quarter. We've seen that increase. We will expect to see there in peak periods that both the traffic can be up to -- 50% of our traffic can be through our mobile applications, any of our mobile applications, a little less of the orders. But certainly, the traffic engagement and learning of our products would be increasingly on one of our mobile applications. And so we're investing heavily to make sure that's a strong part of our plan going forward. 
