Mary Dillon: Well, let me just say that the newness that you asked about, I think it's really -- we constantly know that our guests are interested in newness and innovation. And as I mentioned, there's several things that were quite successful in the quarter. So brands like Benefit and Urban Decay with the Smoky Palette, brands like Anastasia, across all categories, Redken Frizz Dismiss. Mass, NYX was a hot brand. So there was really a lot of newness as well as existing brand newness, new brands and just core brand growth. And how that works in terms of our platform, in terms of marketing, is just that's really where we bring it altogether is just making sure that our guests get to understand what we have that's new and exciting. And I think our marketing tactics are breaking through to her at even better ways all the time. So that's going to be a core part of what we do, and I think we're getting better at it all the time, more efficient and more effective. In terms of distribution centers, so this new DC will serve the 400 stores, 45,000 e-commerce orders. We're planning another distribution center that's in development and construction right now in Dallas that will open next year. And that will be sufficient for the capacity that we need for some period of time. We'll continue to evaluate that. Whether it's small or large stores, we would anticipate that to be covered in the network that we're defining. But certainly, that's fluid as we continue to grow and look out to the future, we'll continue to evolve that strategy and our needs. 
Mary Dillon: Well, thank you, Oliver. I'd say broadly speaking, of course, holiday, we've been focused on it for months. We're excited about it. It's clearly something that is important to us and to our guests as well. I guess what I would say is that, we just try to be clear about making sure that we've got adequate inventory for what we expect to be our top volume items, and we think we're in a good position to do that. So I would say that, that's -- we look at that as a core part of how we do business given our growth trends, and I think our ability to really understand what's going to move. We don't have big concerns about things that don't work during holiday. I think historically, we've been able to manage that really well and have a low amount of products that don't work well but -- so I think we're in good shape there. Is there anything... 
Mary Dillon: We put that one off the table. Oh, it's funny. On the e-commerce omni-channel, let me just start broadly, and then maybe I'll ask Dave to add some specifics. But I think a couple of things. One is that we're clear that for us, 2 things. One is that the multichannel shopper is our best shopper. She's driving a lot. It's really pretty incremental business for us. The core insight is that the experience to go shop for beauty is one that largely women want to have happen in the physical bricks-and-mortar space. And our play -- what we're trying to do is make the store experience just so inviting with the right products at the right level of service across the board, and we think that's working for us and is very sustainable. She likes to come and explore, to try and to spend time there with services as well. Obviously, that's something you can't get done online. So for us, we see that as the core part of our business. E-commerce is working in a way that's kind of neat because it's pretty incremental. So the shoppers that we have that are shopping both online and in-store are by far our best shoppers. They're, for example, maybe coming 9 times a year versus store-only, which is like 4 times a year. And that's only a small percentage of our guests that are actually doing that. So we like that. We think growth in e-commerce obviously is going to be incremental and profitable for us and fits with the consumer insight and the model that we're building. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, and I'll just add, and I mentioned this in the script. Our CRM capability gives us the ability to really get -- to experiment a lot with how to get more personalized and more customized on what we e-mail to whom and really allow her to try things, whether it's Beauty Breaks! or just e-mail to introduce her to new products. So it's really a nice way for our guests to learn about new products and try new categories that they wouldn't have before. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Simeon. Just stepping back, let me just kind of big picture-wise, I guess, what I'd say is that, as we think about it, Kecia Steelman, who's our Head of Store Operations and her leadership team. We've got a very experienced set of store operators. And we're really focused on continuous improvement and excellence in operations and guest service kind of across the board. So while the payroll test is kind of a piece of it, just to give you a broader perspective, I mean, we're really kind of thinking about how do you put the guest and the associate serving the guest in the center of kind of everything we do and really a holistic approach to improvements, whether it's people, processes or tools. So that's everything from identifying the right talent, training and development, store processes, best use of labor hours as we kind of talked about there, all to kind of just really improve that guest experience. So the payroll test is just a part of it. We're learning things. We've extended it to another 60 stores. We've gotten some specific learnings. Things that we're trying that are differently. I don't want to get more specific on it than that because we're still learning. But certainly, we're measuring the impact on sales and units per transaction and whatnot. It's kind of a combination of art and science. It will be core to just what we do all the time. So there's no big kind of aha and one specific thing coming out of it, but think about it as just a piece of a broader focus on how do we get better every day, what we do in-store to serve our guest. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'll start with that. I'm not -- I wouldn't want to comment about kind of all the specific learnings. Clearly, we feel good about what we've learned and it's been -- we've been, I guess, modifying our marketing mix for some period of time under Dave's leadership and his team. So what I'm excited about is that our marketing is getting more efficient and effective every day. And that's really critical for us for the long term, to drive short-term results and to create a long term strong brand and brand equity. So that I'd say in the last quarter, seeing we added radio advertising, we did a lot of PR, we did a lot of digital, we also continue the tactics that we've always done like tabs in magazines, all of those are getting more effective and efficient with less reliance on discounting. In addition, now as I mentioned, this really starting next month, we're going to layer in national television advertising. We learned from the in-store test that, that was going to be effective for us and so we're going to add that to the mix. So just -- I guess I feel confident in saying that we got a lot of good learnings out of the test and now we're moving forward to implementing all those learnings as we go. But again, it's art and science. So there's never actually one answer and it's never any one stopping point, right? We'll continue to evolve as we go. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. It's really been part of our thinking all along and really part of our 5-year plan. The first strategic imperative that we described is driving new guest acquisition and more sales from our current guest. We know that we have a gap in awareness of our brand relative to our competitors, whether it's aided or unaided, and that television advertising is one of the tools, one of the fastest tools to drive awareness. And we've been 2 years into it now. So this wasn't like we're just going to go and jump and do that overnight. We carefully developed brand positioning, creative, tested it, tested the media plan. So I feel confident that the time is right. Also, I would say, we all know has been very competitive marketplace. It's always been and probably always will be. So striking while the iron is hot, I guess, we're in a position to build a long-term sustainable business model here. And we think this is a key part of it, is to really keep pressing ahead with the marketing tools to drive both short-term and long-term results, and we feel it's the right time to do it. We're ready to do it. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'm glad you asked that because it's an exciting area for us in terms of growth, future growth, because really, a small percentage of our loyalty guests today are using the salon. We're doing a lot. I'd say, it's coming from a lot of things. One is, we've offered a new online booking service that we know is driving largely incremental new guests, thousands of them, in fact. And then also our marketing programs right now are getting more and more focused on integrating makeup and hair and trend. And they're very exciting. And I think we're actually bringing to our store associates this kind of trend training that we talked about, bringing it to life inside the store. And certainly, every guest that comes into an ULTA store who's a potential new loyalty member, our associates in-store are doing a great job of converting them into the loyalty program because they understand that, that's important for the business. So all those items will work together, we think going to continue to be a key part of our growth story. 
Mary Dillon: I would say that I don't know that I envision another big change here. This is a gradual process that we've been working on really for some period of time, which is the kind of the careful experimentation, testing and learning, trying things differently and changing such that our marketing mix -- I wouldn't say it's blunt instrument so much anymore. I mean, I understand your question, but I think we now have a really robust array of tools that are getting better and better as it relates to effectiveness and efficiency. So I will just consider this a core part of how we're going to always do our business, which is constantly look for how can we be driving long-term brand equity, which is really important that people understand what ULTA is and they're aware of us. They understand that we are all things beauty all in one place. And then lots of surgical tools to drive the short term day-to-day results that we need. So it's an ongoing piece of how we're going to do the business. Dave and his team are all over it. And that's how we look at it. 
Mary Dillon: Well, we're really just starting the national television advertising as you know. So that's another kind of shift in the balance of the mix. I envision that we'll be able to hold our ADS [ph] ratio pretty consistent over time with the mix being -- getting more in balance. But I'd say it's getting there gradually. It's not wildly out of balance. I think we're moving into a place that will be pretty sustainable for the long term. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. In closing, I'd just like to say I'm very proud of the excellent results that the associates across ULTA Beauty are delivering while making significant progress on all of our initiatives, marketing, merchandising and supply chain. I want to thank you for your interest in ULTA Beauty, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: No, I would just add that we really, we don't have any concerns about our inventory position. Again, very little in the way of seasonality and what we carry in our stores. I think we probably are one of the best-in-class in retail as far as the ability to work through discontinued product or clearance things and partnering with our brand vendors to do that in the most profitable way possible. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess, I'll start. We don't really break out new customers versus existing. I mean, we bifurcate the comp. We've talked about the fact that the majority of the comp, 2/3 of it was transactional traffic-based with the remainder being average ticket. And that was primarily driven by average selling price. So units were relatively flat year-over-year, more prestige, again, less promotion, which is driving the basket increase overall. 
Scott Settersten: And a little color specific to 2Q as far as margin goes. We're very happy to see core product margins in our retail business, which again as more than 90% of our total sales continue to expand, prestige mix helped, less promotion overall helped. We did have a little bit of headwinds. We didn't have as much fixed store leverage in the second quarter as what we saw earlier in the year or what we saw in a year-ago period. We also had a litany of other smaller items that affected the quarter. Again, we normally don't get into this level of detail. But salon, for example, we mentioned in the script, Mary did, about some training for our salon associates for the fall trend look. We pulled forward some expenses there. So that was a bit more of a headwind than what we expected. And we also had the startup of the DC, which negatively affected gross profit in the quarter. 
Scott Settersten: And with respect to the inventory, it was roughly $20 million at the end of the quarter, which I'd say is all safety stock because we weren't servicing any stores out of that DC at that point in time, right? We started subsequent to quarter end. So I would say we expect that to be kind of the high watermark on a per-door basis for fiscal 2015. We expect to see some moderation now in the second half of the year and should stay roughly in that zone as we cycle through next year with another DC stacked on top. So once we get through 2016, again, with all of the systems we're putting in place, the DC forecast and replenishment, other floor planning kinds of tools, we expect all of those to help contribute to improved inventory flows and improved turns. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess with respect to the gross margin, I'm not going to quantify the basis points here. We try to steer away from specific P&L line guidance. But it's going to be much more significant in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter, okay? So just directionally, second quarter a lot of payroll cost, right? We've got rent expense running through the P&L because we're in startup mode, but the depreciation doesn't really start, and that's really going to be the significant incremental cost running through the gross profit line starting in the third quarter, all right, for all the investment. And again, we called that out in our investor communications, right, it's upwards of $60 million. So it is a significant step-up from what we've done historically. Marketing, kind of along the same lines. We're not trying to get too specific on what dollars moved where, but it's significant. I mean, we saw some in the first quarter. We called that out. We saw more in the second quarter. And again, it's a result of us being smarter during the quarter. We're seeing sales trends. And if we see an opportunity to pull back, we will do that. And we'll keep the dry powder for when the ducks are flying, so to speak. So fourth quarter, there's a lot of shopping, a lot of new guests coming into a lot of new stores that we're opening during the course of the year, and we're going to deploy the marketing where we think it makes the most sense. 
Scott Settersten: I don't think I want to get to that level of detail. Again, I would just say though, there's always -- every quarter is kind of standalone. There's ins and there's outs. The salon we mentioned this time because that was a bit of an unusual item. E-commerce was strong, right? That leader event and given that's another one-off, it was stronger than we thought it was going to be online, which was great. They were incremental sales. But we had additional freight cost, right? It's heavier product. It costs a little bit more to ship. So it's not -- and we don't think it's productive to get into reconciling the basis points every quarter. The one thing I would point out is, if you're looking at next year, we got a new distribution center coming online next year, right, where we can have a lot of these startup costs and the same. So I wouldn't expect it to create the same level of headwinds just because you're kind of lapping a big event like we had this year, but it will be additional headwind next year. 
Scott Settersten: Well, I'd say we're going to be in the neighborhood this year. I mean, look at the comp that we're posting, it's an 11 comp. So you're looking at -- x that $20 million of startup inventory, I'd call it, we're at the comp level. So it's not -- I wouldn't view the inventory as being out of control in any way, shape or form. I mean, we feel very comfortable with the inventory that we have. Again, there's little seasonal or fashion risk to the inventory. I mean, to be frank, we spend most of our time trying to figure out how to stay ahead of the trend usually when we're chasing inventory. So we're -- with the cash and the balance sheet strength we have, we're not going to be shy about making some bets going into the fourth quarter, right, on hot products. So we're -- I would say generally speaking, there's nothing to see here, right? We're very comfortable with our inventory position. 
Scott Settersten: And Kelly, the short answer on the leverage question on fixed cost there, we would expect -- we expect to see benefits from the Greenwood facility. We expect to see some benefits next year. Of course, those will be masked somewhat by adding another new DC in the Dallas area. Meaningfully, 2017, I think, is where you would -- we'd be able to see more presence of leverage on the P&L overall. 
Scott Settersten: That's correct. You got that. Yes, third quarter when we flipped the switch at the beginning of the third quarter. And that's when it was, right, just doing a store or 2. And now we're going to ramp it up and it will get more efficient over time. And as we get into the fourth quarter, it's going to service 130, 140 stores. So at that point, it will be more productive and be contributing more or less drag overall, I guess, I should say. 
David Kimbell: Yes, that's great, Oliver. Yes, mobile, obviously, is continuing to grow for us and for -- it's increasingly the way consumers want to engage with brands and shop. For us, in the second quarter, about 60% of our traffic came through our mobile applications, mobile website and about 25% of our sales. So it is -- we're well past the early innings on the impact that it's having in the marketplace. And we're continuing to optimize the experience in our total digital footprint, which mobile is a critical one. We're improving our app pretty significantly and trying to make that shopping experience easier. When she's on our mobile website, all of the changes that we're making around trying to increase conversion and increase average order that we're doing both on the desktop service as well as mobile are having an impact. So we're trying to sharpen how -- the offers that we're highlighting, the way we can personalize e-mails that then drive her to the mobile website. So a lot that we're doing. We think -- again, it will increase -- continue to increase is clearly the way that she wants to shop, and it's a big area of focus for us going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes, and I'd just add to that. Certainly, we look at the total omni-channel customer as the one that we're most focused on continuing to grow. And so most of the marketing efforts that we're doing are driving both online and in-store activity. So the -- Mary mentioned some of the advertising programs in the second quarter, a fair amount of radio advertising, enhanced digital advertising, both of which through our analysis said drives both in-store and online activities. Certainly, within the digital space itself, our social media activity has increased quite a bit. Our PR is much stronger. We're doing more with social influencers to drive greater engagement. And then as we roll, as Mary mentioned, roll into the third quarter beyond into other tactics that we historically haven't used like TV. We think all of those will contribute to drive, integrate a more loyal guest. She is very attracted to our loyalty program. And that behavior then gets her to shop in both channels. And that's the behavior that we want to continue to drive, and we've had some success doing that so far. 
David Kimbell: I'd tell you, we are excited here. We're really pleased with both though, our new traffic, our new guest acquisition rate. Mary in her comments mentioned that our membership grew to 16 million guests or about 18%, and that was driven by healthy increases in new guests as well as the strong retention, increase in retention of existing guests. So we feel like we're both attracting new and then keeping -- getting even more of our existing guests engaged in our proposition. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Great questions. Again, we're very pleased with our overall e-commerce success, and we see a lot of runway going forward. Specifically, some of the questions -- we don't really break down between categories, but what I -- your question about the mass versus prestige, what I would say is that the -- a key part of our total proposition, e-commerce, anywhere, in our brick-and-mortar and e-commerce stores is all things beauty all in one place, the breadth of assortment, the breadth of price points, the breadth of categories. That certainly is what drives our business and differentiates us and we see that within the e-commerce space. So largely, I'd say the assortment and the engagement that we have in our brick-and-mortar stores is largely reflected on e-commerce. There were some categories in e-commerce that we've talked about in the past that we didn't have as full of an assortment, but much of that gap has been closed largely in our professional haircare. So we see that really reflecting what we see in the in-store environment. For staples versus trying new things, I'd say it's a bit of both. We certainly don't see only staple or replenishment-type items being bought online. There's -- that is happening. But what we find, particularly with those guests that are -- that we talked about that are our omni-channel guest that are really our best guest. She's shopping more frequently in total across both our retail stores and our e-commerce site. And she finds items that, yes, she can -- maybe that are replenishment, but she's also indulging in things that she hasn't tried, that are new items. She wants to get it first. She wants to go online right when new offers are up and available. So she's doing a bit of both, and that's absolutely the type of things that we're encouraging. We'll find it -- make it easier for her going forward to replenish those favored items, but also continuing to highlight new and exclusive and first-to-market items that get her excited when they come out. 
David Kimbell: I'll start with prestige skincare. Prestige skincare, I think, as you're probably aware is not -- has been a little slower than historical the last few years. It has slowed down as a category, although we see it as a critical central category to our overall proposition. And we're excited about the potential. I think it's a mix of great partners that we have in place today, some of our biggest, strongest brands like Philosophy, Dermalogica, Clarisonic. Dermalogica with our partnership with skin services is a key strategic platform for us. We continue to engage our guest and not only have them engaged in products, but have them engaged in services. So we see those largest brands continue to grow and provide opportunity, both today and some of the innovation in the pipeline that we know that they're going to drive going forward. There are additional brands in our box that are relatively new or newer or up and coming. A brand like Juice Beauty is a nice brand that we're excited about, and that's performing quite well. There are, to your question, there are certainly additional brands that we don't carry today. I'm not going to talk about any of them specifically, but there's certainly other brands that we're continuing to explore, with a whole team dedicated to exploring and figuring out which ones would make the most sense in our proposition and our box going forward. So we'll continue to add innovation in the skincare category. We see it as a mix. You're right that there's been some -- a fair amount of, I guess, consolidation, Unilever playing a bigger role in the prestige skincare. We think that's probably only good to get greater emphasis on the category, some new resources, and we think it will drive growth going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes, I'll take that, Mark. We see the real benefit of that whole space as fundamentally driving trial and discovery of products for our guest, and that' something that we've been focused on for a while. We do a lot in that space. We do not currently offer a exact subscription-based model similar to some of the other ones that are out there. And we'll explore all options going forward. Although I'd say what we're really focused on is finding what we think are probably the better ways to drive that discovery and trial. We do a lot with our guests to provide products. We do programs through our e-commerce platform. Beauty Breaks! which are kind of weekly limited-time offers that give hot prices and samples associated with it. You have beauty bags that are extremely popular that give premium-sized samples to our guests and we feel they're more targeted and more relevant, we often partner those with buy-ins on certain products. So there's a -- our customers are more engaged in it. They're expecting these products to come along with it. So their usage, we think, is really good. We're also experimenting in another -- a variety of different ways to again drive this trial and discovery. For example, recently, we had a program with a very popular YouTube blogger, created a sample bag with her favorite items that was exclusively sold through or made available to her followers with a buy-in on our website. So we think it not only drove business, it drove engagement, it sampled products and discovery. So the whole space around trial and discovery is the one that we think we're very active and we've reached hundreds of thousands of guests with those kind of programs, and we'll continue to drive that kind of program going forward because it excites our guests and get them engaged in more and more of our products going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes, we won't get the real -- the specific numbers on it, but it is something that we measured for a while, and we're seeing really, really healthy growth. And that growth in effectiveness of our e-mail campaigns is really fundamentally coming from, I'd say, 2 places. One is better targeting. So we're understanding our consumers' desires, we think, a little bit better and personalizing the e-mails to them. And then the offers, the items and the creative that surrounds them, we think it's better as well. So the e-mails themselves are better, better items, better offers, better programs that are personalized in much sharper ways. And those things have really worked well. So we're sending out more e-mails, but we're getting much more effective and efficient in doing it, and we think it will be a big growth driver for us going forward. 
