Mary Dillon: Thank you, Mark. Let's -- I'll break this into 2. I'll [ take ] the second part of the question first. I'd say, in total, wherever our stores exist, whether they're more mature or newer stores, we see plenty of opportunity to continue to drive market share growth and loyalty member growth. And so, over time, certainly it's about more share of wallet of current members. But we believe there's opportunity out there as we look at the marketplace for both of those kinds of growth going forward. In terms of lapsed users, do you want to... 
Mary Dillon: Okay. The two-pronged question. Got it. In terms of -- I would just step back and just say that I think that we feel, as we've discussed kind of at length about -- as we look at the category we operate in, the consumers that we're focused on, the beauty enthusiasts, our loyalty program is quite large, 24.5 million people and growing, right? The uniqueness of our business model is that we're in a category that's not only growing, but as we look at demographic trends and we look at millennials and Gen X and Latinos, all fast-growing sectors of our economy, these are all folks who really are engaged in beauty and, frankly, love the way that we offer how to shop for beauty. This notion of All Things Beauty, All in One Place clearly is resonating. And it's very much about an in-person experience as well as we're seeing a very incremental online experience. And so the notion of continuing to have a wonderful shopping experience with a great assortment of products and categories and brands, plus services, plus the ability to have a great online experience, we see plenty of runway for us to continue to be a very relevant both bricks and mortar and online player. We know that the beauty enthusiasts love to shop in person and our associates love that interaction with the guests as well. So that, we think -- I believe strongly that, that platform, we'll continue to do what we do, but just getting better at it all the time is what we're focused on and why we feel confident about our ability to continue on the growth path. In terms of formats, we just have a couple of those smaller-format stores and we learned a lot about operating them. We like what we saw, but we also feel, as we've said, very confident that our base of, overall, 10,000-square-foot format is our most productive, best for our guests. We see plenty of real estate opportunities to do more of that. And we see opportunities both to go deeper into markets that we're in, to go open up stores in more one-store kind of markets as well as urban opportunities. And most of those cases, we'd say, the 10,000-square-foot could be a little bit less, it could be a little bit more. But bringing Ulta Beauty in kind of the full-throttle way that we do it is really, we think, the best way to continue to proceed. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'll start with that, I guess, which is -- yes, I mean, I think -- we saw some -- a little choppiness. Overall, it kind of averaged out. But we saw a little bit of volatility, I'd say, late January, early February, probably due to the same factors that others saw with the tax refund. April was our strongest of the period, that has also benefited from a change in Easter timing. So in total, I'd say, it kind of all worked itself out and it wasn't -- we felt good about -- I mean, we had -- we did better than we had guided, better than we thought, and I think the e-commerce business in particular was stronger than we had planned, so that was kind of how it netted out. In terms of M·A·C, I would just say way too early. We just launched it online, but I appreciate the question. And I would say, I would expect that this will be very much -- our core guests will love it, and it's already showing in the online response that she is. I wouldn't expect it to be different, right, than who would be interested in many of the other brands that we offer, but she's excited to be able to get that Ulta Beauty, that's for sure. 
Mary Dillon: Well, that's a deep question. I'd say this: beauty, it really always has been a competitive category. I would just step back by saying that I think our results in terms of traffic and market share underscore that what we're doing is working, right, it's competitive. Also, I would say, yes, in the quarter, we -- over the past several quarters and several years, we've actually been modifying our approach to marketing tactics with a meaningful reduction in the broad-based discounts to more kind of balanced and targeted mix. We do use postcards. We do it on a more limited and targeted basis, really, than we ever have. So in the quarter, we did two. We did one that was -- they were both digital. One was very targeted to our Platinum-only guests in February. So we've got a lot of different levers that we can use and flex as we need to in terms of demand creation. So I feel that we will always be offering a great value proposition to our guests. And we've got the right tools to allow that to happen. So will some competitors get more aggressive with price promotions? Sure. That sometimes happens in a competitive market, but we've got the levers that we can use to respond in a dynamic environment. I'd also add that we always -- we work with our brand partners to make sure that we have really great exciting offers for our guests all the time. And again, I would say that our results are showing that that's working. 
Mary Dillon: Well, first of all, I'd step back and say, just to reiterate something that was great about our e-commerce business growth, which is that as we measure and look at it closely, it looks to be a very incremental business to us. So I'll come back to margin, but in total, this is incremental dollars. And it's kind of supported by the consumer behavior that we understand. Our guest, especially our most engaged guest, she loves to buy a lot of offers from us. And so when somebody becomes an omnichannel shopper, they end up basically being our best guest because they're spending 2.5x the amount of money than somebody who's just shopping in store. 21 Days Of Beauty is a great example of an event that can drive that kind of incremental additive behavior. It's 21 days, a lot of days, every day there's a deal, a special offer. So a guest might come in a couple of times and then see a couple of things online that she also wants to get. So it's an incremental shopping occasion. So it plays out that, whether it's an event or a palette that she can only get online at first before we put it in stores or other special things she's looking for, it's sort of feeding into this behavior and creating a nice, incremental business for us. That said, we also -- the margin, yes, it's somewhat lower on our e-commerce business. And we don't really break this out in a lot of detail. But basically, they're pretty -- it's getting closer. The gap is not that large and it's actually closing. So it's incremental dollars at a somewhat less but narrowing gap of margin. And it's just the kind of decision that we think is right for our business as we continue to grow the business in total. And our supply chain investments have certainly helped us to make this part of our business more efficient over time. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I would just add one thing to what Dave said, which is kind of the core premise that we operate off of, [ they give us a really good ] deep understanding of the consumer segments in the beauty market. And the beauty enthusiast is a phrase that we use, but it really defines a core segment. It's really a large segment, it's 57% of shoppers. By definition, they are -- they buy products and brands all across the spectrum in terms of price points and categories. So I wouldn't expect that by adding certain types of brands, like prestige brands, that's going to fundamentally change who's attracted to Ulta Beauty. I think as Dave said, well, it kind of adds to the mosaic, but she consistently -- she might change that -- shift that mix a bit over time, but she loves the fact that she can get an array, that's what we call it, All Things Beauty, All in One Place. So this we expect to continue, and we expect the beauty enthusiast segment to grow as well. 
Mary Dillon: Well, our newer members -- our members spend more over time as she gets more engaged at Ulta Beauty, and certainly as she becomes a multiple -- an omnichannel shopper. But Joe, if you step back, we still really only have 1/3 on average of our shopper's beauty wallet. Certainly higher for some, lower for others. We also know that most of our members -- our members are only shopping about 1/4 of the categories that we operate in. So it's hard to kind of pinpoint the exact feeling. I think there's plenty of opportunity for us to continue to drive growth through share of both new members coming into the program as well as the beauty wallet of our existing members, plenty of opportunities for that to continue to expand. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Thanks, Adrienne. I'll take the first part on e-commerce. Yes, it was a stronger result than we had planned. We're very, very excited about this asset. Because of our supply chain investments, we're able to fulfill what the guest wanted in a way that was really exceptional. So that was terrific. And I would say, we're probably benefiting for some newer digital marketing tools that we implemented last year. So paid search, display advertising, paid social, those are all building momentum to really drive traffic, so that certainly benefited our e-commerce business. We also just have great offers, I think they're really smartly targeted, site improvements and, again, the supply chain investments that have made the overall experience for the guest even better. So those things in total, I think, created that kind of momentum on e-commerce. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'll start. Dave, if there's anything else you want to add. But it is -- we really have very few people that shop online only at all. It's really the bulk of our business is people shopping obviously in store, and then around 8.5% of our guests are now doing omnichannel shopping. And really, as I said earlier, as we study it, it looks to be quite incremental. So I mean, in any given quarter, there's going to be variations, I guess, on traffic patterns and whatnot. But the incremental, what's happening with the e-commerce business, really, for those guests, as we kind of separate them out and look at them, they're growing in terms of retail sales the same as similar-looking guests are adding e-commerce trips, I guess you'd call it, and purchases on top of that. So I think it's a very healthy place to be and it plays into the consumer insights that we have about how she likes to shop. The most engaged shopper likes to try a lot of things that we offer and [ we ship those up ] well online. So I think it's a continuation of that, which is great for our business longer term because these omnichannel shoppers are our best guests, not unlike our salon guests, most engaged today. 
Mary Dillon: I'd just like to say thank you to our 34,000 associates who delivered a terrific start to 2017 and have set the stage for another year of strong top and bottom line growth. And thank you all for your interest in Ulta Beauty, and look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you. 
David Kimbell: Yes, absolutely. Mark, this is Dave. Yes, the -- we have had a lot of success, as you mentioned, continuing to reengage lapsed guests. And that has continued and continued in the first quarter of this year, and we see more opportunity in that. We've got a larger database beyond the number of members, active members, and we continue to reach out and attract them, both through our broader marketing that we know reaches them and encourages them to come back, and then some direct marketing efforts that we started to experiment with. So we see continued opportunity on that side as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Yes. As we said before, we're adding about 700 boutiques across the chain this year, with those key boutique brands, Clinique, Lancôme, Benefit and M·A·C. And we see more expansion, certainly as we build new stores. Many of them will get all of those or most of those boutiques. And then we'll continue to penetrate our existing stores where it makes sense, and we have the opportunity to go back in and do that. So that will be a continued source of growth, but it's, by no means, the only growth. And as we're -- building on what Mary said, continued mix of both big established brands, like a M·A·C or an Estée Lauder, but also uncovering new, emerging and independent brands and bringing that balance to our guests, which is what she wants. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So not to talk too specifically about any individual brand performance, other than to say we're very pleased. We're just a couple of weeks in, as Mary mentioned in her comments, that we're happy with the results. And then we've included that -- our anticipation of continued success there in our forward-looking view of business. So we're excited about it, and we'll continue to drive that business going forward. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We've had a -- definitely an effort to continue to expand our appeal across all consumers in all markets and geographies, and I think we're seeing success with that. Our awareness, in total, continues to grow and, certainly, it's much higher than it was 2 or 3 years ago. Our aided awareness is 86%. Our unaided awareness remains at about an all-time high, around 45%. So we're feeling very good about that. We have a big focus this year, we've talked about it in the past, in expanding our efforts to reach Latina guests. We've had more dedicated marketing partnerships with key media sites, like Viva La and POPSUGAR Latina and others to kind of reach out directly through influencers. We're testing some Spanish-language advertising later this year that will give us the opportunity to reach them more directly. So there's -- we see strength there and lots of opportunity to continue to build that. As far as urban centers, we do measure and look at awareness across major centers. And it's actually quite strong. I mean, Los Angeles is an example. We've opened quite a few stores there over the last few years and get the strong awareness that really mimics our national. Chicago, New York, we're building and it's quite strong. So yes, there isn't big pockets of undeveloped in urban areas, but we see more growth potential across the board and specifically with key groups like Latinas. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So I'd say, if you just look across the industry as a whole, over the last several quarters, year or so, prestige in general has had a higher growth rate than mass. Both have been growing. And that's been true, largely true at Ulta, that the prestige brands have been growing -- or prestige portfolio has been growing a little bit faster than mass. Having said that, mass is quite strong. Prestige has the benefit of -- we're still building our penetration and adding probably more brands into prestige than in the mass over the last year or so. But our focus is to drive growth, and we're pleased with the growth that we're seeing on both sides of the business. Again, that's one of the key differentiators for us is the mass to prestige, the ability to offer All Things Beauty, All in One Place. So we're really happy with the growth. And a nice benefit of having a diverse portfolio is we can take advantage of wherever there's growth in the industry and then drive our own business that way. 
David Kimbell: Well, we've been adding a -- as we've talked about over the last several quarters, we're really pleased and, I guess, proud of the new member growth that we've been having. I'll tell you, that growth comes as some are coming in for new prestige brands. Many are coming in for the first time and buying mass brands, they buy hair brands. So there's still a mix of the new brands. But I'd say yes, adding brands anywhere in the house can help us attract new customer -- new customers, if it's a known brand or a new brand that we're launching with social -- some social buzz, exclusivity. So certainly, that helps to add new prestige brands in driving new members in. But by no means is it the only source of new member growth in our business. Ulta Beauty does a great job of introducing customers to their prestige brands with many -- often our guests that come in and buy mass discover brands in the prestige portfolio for the first time at Ulta Beauty. So that's a big growth driver for us and an important growth driver for our brand partners. 
David Kimbell: I was just going to say, that only thing I'd add, it goes back to Mary's wallet share opportunity, and I think that's really the big driver of this is we're -- we believe it's very incremental. And because of that, it's capturing just a greater share of her wallet. So we see a lot of runway there without cannibalizing stores. So our goal is to have them work together. We want the new guests that we acquire online to get into stores as quickly as possible, and then we're working hard to convert our in-store customers to online. So there doesn't appear to be a big trade-off at this point, and we see a lot of runway ahead of us. 
David Kimbell: Yes, on the total category, I don't know if we got full insight on the combined category. What I will -- although we feel confident in beauty as we have for a while and see a lot of growth, all the demographic trends that we talked about are every bit as true today as when we talked about it in the past, continue to see high engagement in beauty with young women, with Latinas, African Americans, there's plenty of growth ahead of us. We will -- I will say, we see strong growth in categories that hadn't been growing as strong like skin care. We've seen strong in performance in fragrance. Bath is doing well. You asked specifically about hair. Hair has been strong for us and you're right that we've got -- hair is always important for us and we've got some big kind of activities on hair. We've launched several new brands and there's strong newness across key brands, like Paul Mitchell and Dyson, and Mary mentioned the Flawless line that we just launched. So there's Madison Reed. So lots of newness, lots of strength, good marketing and promotional strategy in hair, so we're confident about that. So we feel really good about the total category and are seeing some strength in key pockets that we're excited about. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I mean, the one thing I would just remind folks of is that we're lapping some pretty significant promotional kind of pullbacks here over the course of the last, whatever, call it 6 to 8 quarters, right? So we're lapping some pretty tough compares, I would say, on the margin line recently. So in the big scheme of things, we look at each quarter individually and try to optimize as best we can to deliver the best overall result for the business. There's nothing, as we sit here today, that would indicate that there would be any significant change in the trend that we've seen here recently, and we'll just do our best, right, to try to course correct as we think necessary as we navigate through that. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We don't really talk about SG&A in terms of dollars like some of the big box guys do. I mean, when we're thinking about the full year, I guess, this gets back to the pressures question as well. I mean, I think we said operating margin flattish in the second quarter, up a little bit on the gross profit line, down a little bit on the SG&A line. I think as we navigate through the rest of the year, the third quarter, I would say, gross profit, we're going to have a little bit more pressure on that because some of the rent, the heavier rents we're going to pay for some of those higher-profile kind of stores that are common in Manhattan and Mall of America and a few others in the boroughs of the New York Metro area. So that might be a little tougher on the gross profit line. We'll get a little offset there in SG&A to offset it there again. I'd say maybe slight deleverage in the third quarter overall, and then we make it back up in the fourth quarter when we've got -- we're lapping the Dallas DC there and we're scaling up on e-commerce and retail overall. So we're seeing more leverage in the fourth quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Sure, Ike. It's an interesting mix, and that's why we've been trying to walk people back a little bit from counting the number of boutiques we're putting in and what store locations and so on that they're going into because it is kind of an interesting mix and dynamic that we have in the store. And it's the overall offering and the variety of brands and the different price points, I mean, collectively, with services, that's driving the results, right? So back directly more to your question, so the prestige boutique brands are -- well, take a step back, prestige generally, overall, is higher-margin business than mass is, all right? So that's one general statement. But there's a lot of exceptions to the general rule unfortunately, or fortunately for us. So on the prestige side, those boutique brands are lower than a lot of our other prestige brands, right? So adding into the mix, while it's driving incremental sales and margin dollars, on a rate basis, creates a headwind for us. So again, fantastic comps, very healthy growth there, excellent overall result for us. On the mass side, well, again, it's generally lower-margin business. The exceptions there: ULTA Beauty Collection, right, very high private-label margins there; Mix would be another one that provides better-than-average mass margin rate. So the secret sauce then, also, is having all those different levers and ability to promote and drive conversion on those brands to help deliver the best overall result. 
Scott Settersten: I think we said on our fourth quarter call, right, probably not at exactly the same kind of returns. At least in the early years, we're not expecting that. I mean, these are significantly higher cost kind of real estate deals, but they are subject to the same exact disciplines that we use for every other store in the chain. These are not the term "flagship" in any way shape or form. They're expected to be very productive stores over the long time. We're just allowing ourselves a little cushion to see them -- give ourselves a little bit more ramp-up time in those stores. They're going to -- we expect them to produce very solid financial results for our investors. 
Scott Settersten: And that's a good question, Adrienne. I think people get -- it gets a little fuzzy, right, when you're talking about margin and the contribution on e-commerce versus retail, I know myself. So we've been spending a lot of time here. Actually, we just refreshed our board here recently on just new ways of thinking about that. So yes, the difference that the gross margin versus operating margin -- I'd say at operating margin level, we're almost to the point now where we're kind of agnostic on what channel she buys in. And so when you think about the dynamics there, it really almost, not quite, but it's close to being a wash, with the trade-off being on the shipping. We've made a lot of progress, right, on the efficiencies in our DCs here over the last couple of years. We have the full assortment online now. Remember, it wasn't that long ago that we didn't have Pro Hair online, which was one of our higher-margin categories. So we've gotten to a good place overall with our e-commerce business, where at the operating margin line, it's almost kind of a net 0. You're trading off shipping costs for store labor and boutique investments and all those things that you're doing in the stores, right, labor investments that go along with that. So that's the good news. Working our way back up to the gross profit line. Really, what's going on there is it's more of, I'd call it, a category, a product mix kind of issue, right? So the margin there is lower online than it is in our typical store, at least today it is. And it's generally because it's -- we overindex on things like PCA, right? So think $200 hairdryers, where it's easier, you're going to price compare that maybe a little bit more closely than you would if you were walking around a store. You got easier access to a coupon, right? It's easier to go find is there some kind of deal I can get on this appliance when I'm spending this kind of money. So that's kind of what's putting pressure on the gross profit line, I would say, right now. But again, we kind of make up for a lot of that as you move your way down the P&L. So the good news there as well is it's something that we're aware of and we're working on and thinking about ways that we can try to improve that for our business as we look to the future. 
