Paula Oyibo: Thank you, Scott. I am honored and humbled to be assuming the position of Chief Financial Officer at Ulta Beauty, and I am excited to lead our talented finance organization and to drive Ulta Beauty's next phase of growth. I want to thank Scott for his mentorship over the years and wish him all the best in his well-deserved retirement. I look forward to working with those on the call today and meeting those of you I have not yet met.  Before we talk about our expectations for fiscal 2024, I want to share 2 capital allocation update. First, yesterday, we amended our revolver agreement to $800 million and extended the term to 2029. Reflecting the current rate environment, we reduced the size of the revolver to lower the impact of higher fees but retain flexibility to upsize the capacity if needed. Second, having essentially completed the authorization announced in March 2022, today, we announced a new share repurchase authorization for $2 billion.  Now turning to our outlook for fiscal 2024. We expect net sales will be in the range of $11.7 billion to $11.8 billion with comp sales growth expected to be between 4% and 5%. We anticipate comp growth will be in the low single-digit range in the first half and then increase to mid-single-digit growth in the second half of the year. We expect operating margin will be between 14% and 14.3% of sales, primarily driven by SG&A deleverage as we complete many of the foundational elements of our transformational agenda and move to investments to enable growth, operationalize the investments made in 2023, manage ongoing wage pressures and support core traffic and experienced drivers.  In total, we expect SG&A growth for the year will moderate into the high single-digit range from 12.5% growth in fiscal 2023. We expect SG&A growth in the first half will be in the low double-digit range as we annualize investment spend in 2023 and complete key milestones of our transformational agenda and then slow to mid-single-digit growth in the second half. We expect gross margin for the year will be down modestly as lower merchandise margin and deleverage of supply chain costs are partially offset by other revenue.  Our assumptions result in a diluted earnings guidance in the range of $26.20 to $27 per share. We are planning EPS to decline in the first half and then accelerate to high single-digit growth in the second half of the year. For modeling purposes, we expect operating margin to be the most challenged in the first quarter with meaningful deleverage across SG&A and gross margins.  Finally, we plan to spend between $415 million and $490 million in CapEx, including approximately $270 million to $282 million for new stores, remodels and merchandise fixtures; $120 million to $155 million for supply chain and IT; and $45 million to $53 million for store maintenance and other. We expect depreciation for the year will be between $275 million and $280 million.  We believe the outlook for the beauty category is bright, and we are confident our strategic framework and strong financial foundation will enable us to drive long-term growth and shareholder returns.  Before we take your questions, I want to announce that we plan to host an investor event here in Chicago this fall to share our longer-term plans and outlook. We will share more of the logistical details later this summer.  And now I'll turn the call back over to our operator to moderate the Q&A. 
Paula Oyibo: Yes. What I would say is our merchandise margin, I would remind, we are meaningfully higher and better, our merchandise margin since 2019. And really that has a lot to do with we are a much healthier business now, and we have -- our mix in our business between our categories as well as prestige and mass through category performance efforts over the years has really helped us be able to be flexible as the consumer shifts between various categories as well as between mass and prestige. And so we believe that our -- we're able to manage that dynamic. 
Paula Oyibo: Thanks, Susan. We are planning to open between 60 and 65 net new stores in fiscal 2024. That puts our growth between the 2-year period at 90 to 95, which is generally in line with the 100 that we had communicated. And so our thinking hasn't materially changed there.  We remain confident in our ability to open and operate between 1,500 and 1,700 traditional Ulta Beauty freestanding locations in the U.S. And we're optimistic the small format store prototype could give us an opportunity for additional growth, as does the partnership with Target and then similarly as we're excited about the additional opportunity with our international expansion into Mexico. Related to the small geographies, we are planning to open 10 small store formats in 2024. 
Paula Oyibo: Yes. So from an operating margin perspective, we shared 14% to 14.3% of sales. And that is mostly deleverage coming from SG&A as we complete many of our foundational elements of our transformation agenda and move to investments to enable growth as well as we operationalize the investments that we made to date and those go into one state. We also are managing ongoing wage pressures, which is assumed in the guidance. And we also will continue to support core traffic and experienced drivers.  And so as you think about SG&A growth for the year, it will moderate into the high single-digit range from the 12.5% growth we saw in fiscal 2023. And then we do expect gross margin to be down modestly as lower merchandise margin and deleverage from supply chain costs are partially offset by the growth we see and expect in other revenue. 
Paula Oyibo: Sure. Adrienne, on your question with regards to expectation around ASP, what I would share is that we are planning for a more normalized pricing environment in 2024. 
David Kimbell: Rupesh, thanks for your question, and thanks for calling out, Scott, well deserved. Yes. I'll say on makeup, and I'll even speak a little bit more broadly across all our categories, we are focused on driving growth in every part of our business. Our makeup business in 2023, particularly in the second half, we saw healthy growth on the mass side and more challenges on the prestige side. So we have a strategy to drive performance within all parts of our makeup business. It is our largest segment and obviously important in the beauty category.  Our efforts are holistic. We've got a number of new brands that we believe will either already are or will add value to the category, including the launch of Charlotte Tilbury, which just rolled out recently, also exclusive brands like Half Magic and Polite Society, Rabanne, innovation from our existing big brands that we'll continue to see that have been so important to our business like Tarte and Benefit and Clinique and Lancôme on the prestige side.  Our luxury proposition really launched last year to -- with a lot of success. And as we continue to grow and build our presence in that space, we see that as a contributor. And then through our holistic efforts, we're going to try to find ways to lean into the important trends. Makeup is -- of course, has a key trend component. So whether it's blush, shade, proliferation, lip layering, matte makeup, nail is an important opportunity, we're going to continue to drive that.  And the last thing I'd say is we continue to revamp and elevate our events that play an important role in mass migration, the number of mass consumers that we've acquired over the years, continuing to introduce them to prestige for the first time. So we're focused on driving that business. We are confident over time that we'll be able to deliver the growth that we expect, and we're working hard to deliver across all parts of that business. 
David Kimbell: I'm just going to say we're really excited about this announcement and really, as I said in the prepared remarks, see Mexico as a great opportunity that's tailor-made for the Ulta Beauty experience. Kecia is leading this effort among many things that she does. So I'm going to ask Kecia to give some more color on it. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We're really pleased with the progress that we've made. As a reminder for those on the call, this really does represent a way for us to generate positive impact on our business by leveraging the first-party data and insights that we have in partnering with our brands. We're not sharing, we haven't shared and we don't plan to share specific on a number of brands or even specific financial impact at this time.  But what I will say is we're really pleased with the progress that we've made in 2023 and are confident that we'll continue to grow this part of the business. The network that we have offers advertising access via off-site display, video, social influencers as well as on-site sponsored products. Our on-site display inventory is one of the actually new core offerings that we activated just in 2023.  So we've got a full suite of ad inventory experiences, value-added services. And as I said, we're confident in its impact going forward. And the support, engagement, reaction from brands has been very positive. As you know, the advertising world continues to evolve. So the value that we can bring through first-party data with 43 million beauty enthusiasts is very meaningful. And we continue to work with our brand partners, and they have demonstrated to us that they see a positive return. And we're continuing to grow that business. 
David Kimbell: Great. Well, thanks for the question. And yes, luxury, as I said, was one of our -- one of many initiatives last year to drive engagement. And we're really pleased with establishing that more firmly with some of our existing partners, including Chanel, but Dior, NATASHA DENONA, Pat McGrath. And so we see strong performance, and we're really pleased with how our guests are engaging in that part of the business.  We had a lot of confidence going in because of existing relationships with brands like Chanel. And then by elevating and expanding it, it has really, we believe, met our guests' needs. And they're excited about it. And it further demonstrates our ability to deliver all things beauty from all price points, including luxury.  We're not sharing any specific launches of anything beyond what I've already shared today. More broadly, as I said, with newness, we have a steady stream of newness throughout the year, and we'll continue to innovate. Specifically within luxury, our focus is continuing to grow in partnership with the brands that we've launched and find new ways to expand those businesses and delight our guests with them. And we're really pleased and proud to have that experience in our stores. 
David Kimbell: Great. Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining today. I'd like to close by thanking our 55,000 associates for delivering a strong 2023. Together, I know we will continue to unleash the unique power of beauty and keep moving our business forward in exciting ways. I'm optimistic about the future of Ulta Beauty and confident we will continue to create significant shareholder value.  I do want to take 1 second to thank Scott again. Scott, as I said, has been an amazing partner to all of us, and I so appreciate his impact and his leadership. And I want to thank those on the call that have the chance to thank him yourself. I know he loved spending time in all of our meetings and all of our earnings calls. It was -- I know he appreciated partnership with all of you, and I do want to thank Scott for everything you've done for our company. Thank you, Scott.  We look forward to speaking to all of you again when we report results for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 on May 30. Thank you again, and have a great night. 
