Mary Dillon: Sure, Brian, thank you. And let me start with the store question. So as I said, we're reiterating that our target has been and continues to be at least 1,200 stores and that, we think about that as really our current 10,000 square foot format and our suburban-type market. And we'll talk more about this at Analyst Day, but one of the things that we're learning about right now is the small-store format that we're opening up 2 of this year. We're going to learn a lot about that. So given how our stores are performing, we think that's a pretty good target, possibly conservative target. If we find a small-format city of interest, those would largely be incremental to our 10,000 square foot format. We're starting those in some more rural markets and in the future potentially urban markets. That would be down the road. New stores continue to be a great investment and they continue to perform. And we think about, relative to our strategic plan, getting more stores is a great way for us to get more guests. Beauty is a business that really is contingent on new experience that involves the physical experience. And as we see our guest experience in the future being able to really delight our guests, obviously, stores and e-commerce can work really well together, we think, to deliver on that. Our store expansion's always going to be contingent on finding high-quality sites. We have a very robust and rigorous process, but we continue to see plenty of excellent real estate opportunities in the years to come. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Well, first of all, we're in a growing industry, right. Especially the prestige side of beauty has been showing good growth and we participate heavily in that. As we look at our guests and look at her needs in the future, we believe that there's more market share that we can gain with the beauty enthusiasts and that our insights about how to meet our needs continue to deepen every day. So in that sense, we think there's plenty of opportunity for growth. We also know that, we've talked about this, the majority of our current growth is coming from our current loyalty members, which is great, and they love what Ulta has to offer. But an area of opportunity for us, as a big part of our test-and-learn this summer or this fall now, is about how do we get new guests to become aware of and try or either retry, perhaps, Ulta. So we think about it almost as a relaunch of the Ulta proposition. And again, there's plenty of women that are in this consumer segment that we believe would be very attracted to our proposition. So new guest acquisition, e-commerce growth, as you said, store growth, all those 6 strategic imperatives are largely around driving -- are different ways to drive growth. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, well, first of all, Aram, our business is obviously running pretty darn well today, right. So we obviously have some core capabilities that we're using every day to execute the business. What we have identified is a couple of things. One is, as everybody knows, retail is changing rapidly in terms of guest expectations. So the omnichannel aspect of our capability is one we need to invest and to grow. We anticipate that the guest in the future is going to want a seamless experience and one that we don't necessarily offer today. It's not a big barrier to our growth, I'd say, as you see the performance that we're having. But we know that that's going to be something that she's going to need to have in the future. So a more seamless ability to buy something, bring it back to the store, order in store, have it shipped at home, be able to know in advance what we have in inventory in our stores. All those kind of basic shopping and retail capabilities are part of what we'll be investing in. Also, just as a part of this investment is really just around growth. As we continue to go down this growth path, which is a strong growth path, and we continue to drive a number of our stores, we need more capacity in the system. And so that's part of the investment, too, which are just pretty straightforward. And also, we just think overall end-to-end, we could have a more efficient system than we have today. So whether it's how we receive our orders and work with our vendors, how our stores are stocked as the product comes into the stores, there's plenty -- and how we forecast and replenish, we know that there's ways that we can be smoother, I guess faster, have less out of stocks. All those things that we know will just help our business be more -- a better experience for our guests and drive some efficiencies in the long run. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Oliver, thank you. The promotional environment, right, that's -- we expect that as we get into the holiday, it will continue to be a competitive promotional holiday. I don't think there's any reason to think that, that will -- it's always going to be like that, right. Now the overall sentiment right now, consumer sentiment, is strong. And I think we hear retailers feeling pretty optimistic about their inventory situation going into holiday. But nonetheless, we know that's a competitive time. We're also seeing some success. And again, I would say we're walking before we run. But we're, I think, every day getting better at how we can use some of our tools like our CRM capabilities to be more targeted with our offers and drive value in ways that are less about price discounting. So would we need to be more promotional than last year? I doubt it. Will it be a promotional holiday? We'd expect that. But we feel, as you can see in our guidance, optimistic about the rest of the year. 
Mary Dillon: Sure, okay. Well, first of all, that strategic imperative, actually, I was talking about services. And actually, one of the earlier questions was about levers for growth. And I should have mentioned we do see that our services are absolutely one of the areas that strategically are important to us, to your point, one of our points of differentiation, and we believe an area that we can focus on to drive future growth. Our salon guest -- salon's a small part of our business today as you know. That's our best guest, though. She comes more frequently, she spends more and she loves the experience. And we've kind of carved about 3 pillars that we think we excel in today and can excel in even more in the future. And it's about the hair, basically cut and color, and also hair services that involve trend like braids, things like that. On the skin side, as you know, we have a partnership with Dermalogica, and we have trained aestheticians at our stores; a small part of our business today in terms of that service. We know that could be an -- it will be an area of growth. And then lastly, brows, particularly through our partnership with Benefit and the Brow Bars. So we look at those 3 pillars of service as areas that we will focus on and drive. We're experimenting already today with how to drive more new guests to try our salon and come back. And those often, not as much as I'd like, but often have products attached to them. So you can imagine that's a great flywheel for us. So that's an area, and it really dovetails, I guess, with your second question, which is part of the work we do in the strategic plan is to just really step back and say, what is our competitive advantage today and what would it be in the future? And it's a competitive industry. Everybody's interested in beauty. It's a growth industry, but we've got advantages that we think we can really push and accelerate. And it is about this total guest experience that we think will get even better as we allow our associates in store to have even more guest-facing time, as perhaps our systems get more efficient in some of the ways that Scott described. And at Ulta, she'll be able to get an experience that's very different and unique. It's different than the department stores, different than mass outlets and different than other specialty stores and that -- and we plan that, that will be kind of our cores. We differentiate and we'll lead with that. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Well, obviously, mobile is a growing part of our business as it is for everybody, and we know that that's increasingly a way that our guests engage with our brand as well as others. Probably one of the biggest opportunities for us with mobile is the ability for her to be learning about content, about brands and products and services, whether she's in our store or not in our store or outside of our store. As well as for our associates; a part of our technology plan is to allow them to have more access to mobile technology in the stores so that she can be an even bigger expert on every brand that we offer than she is today. Frankly, our associates, it's hard to be able to do that all the time. Having more access to mobile information helps get us to the same position that our guests are in. Mobile transactions are continuing to grow as a percentage of our transactions, and we'll expect that to continue to happen. 
Mary Dillon: Well, you know what? Really, at the Analyst Day, we'll have more color on some of the test-and-learns and the experiments that we're doing. There's a couple of different things going on. One is we have an end market advertising test that just started in several markets to see just sort of in a general way can we drive new customer acquisition through basically driving awareness through a more mass media and digital media kind of approach? So that's something that's just started, and we'll know a lot more about that soon. And that's one way. We know that basically top of mind awareness for Ulta is not as high as it can be. And we believe that by driving that awareness and positioning the brand in a way that we know we represent, which is this great place for women to discover and have fun with beauty, that we think there's upside there. So we'll learn more about that. And certainly, Dave Kimbell and his team are also using our CRM capability to run, I guess, several small-scale experiments right now around how can we either get guests who are coming as often as we'd like, to see what could incent her to come more often, or using multiple forms of either social marketing to see if we can target new prospective guests to try Ulta. So a lot of that is in process, and we feel optimistic that that'll be part of our growth strategy going forward. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Most of our sales right now are really being driven by our current guests. And she's coming more often and spending more, which is great. So it's really, I'd say, early stages. Now our e-commerce business is one of the ways that we are seeing some new customer acquisition, and that, again, will be an area for growth for us as well. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Thank you, Gary. I would characterize that less of a concern that I saw and more of an opportunity, and I still see it today because I think we're really in the early stages of driving that new customer acquisition. So most of what we're doing right now, we're refining the tactics that we've used previously, and I think getting even better at them. But they're largely targeted at our current loyalty members and that's largely where our growth is coming from, which is great. It says that our current guests love us, they're coming more often and spending more, and we're getting growth on e-commerce, and some of that is new guests. But we believe, again, why we're confident about the long-term targets that we're providing is that there's still that opportunity. So I would say really, Gary, I wouldn't feel -- I don't think it's very different today in terms of the awareness and sharpness of the perception of Ulta. But we have done the work to identify more insights about our current guests, prospective guests and how to position and really drive awareness to the brand. And we'll know more as these tests run, so I don't want to overpromise. We don't know yet what the response will be, but that work is still in process and we'll know a lot soon. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. We haven't defined all that yet. But generally speaking, I'd say we would have more of an interest in things that we could -- that would strengthen what we offer to our guests. We think we're pretty darn good at what we do, but we know there's opportunities out there to bring her news and innovation and exclusiveness. So that would be more likely the area we'd focus on, but we don't have anything planned right now. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I'd say it's a little of both. I mean, what we're seeing is that our guest is really responding to prestige brands right now. Certainly not only that, but that certainly is a strong area of growth for us. And some of the brands that we've launched or new products that have been introduced in some of our brands have done quite well this year. And in fact, we've expanded space for some of those brands. So we imagine it'll be a pipeline of new products and expansion of existing brands. And what that mix exactly is going to be will be determined as we look -- as we march forward over time. 
Mary Dillon: Well, we haven't set a specific target yet for the size of services. We know we're going to grow it. We think that, as I said, we have data that shows that our guests who are participating in our services right now are great guests because they come on a frequent basis, they love the experience and then she often buys other add-on products. So while services in general are lower margins than our retail product, that guest is a very valuable guest to us. And we'll continue to look for ways to drive awareness, not just of Ulta as a retailer but Ulta as a beauty authority, with our service as a critical component of that. And that's a very sticky part of the equation for us. 
Mary Dillon: Well, it'll be bigger. I'm just kidding. But I mean, we definitely expect to grow our market share, and that's part of our vision is that we're going to continue to really be a stronger player in this industry and we'll grow share. In terms of the outlook for the year, listen, we're really pleased with our second quarter results, and we've reflected that by raising guidance from a mid-teen to about 20% sales and earnings growth. Some of the upside that Scott talked about, some of it was new product launches, which is great. Some of it was expense timing shifts, which is fine. We expect to see positive sale and share trends as we complete the year. 
Mary Dillon: And let me just add that we've talked a lot about the investments that we're making this year and what we're calling "test-and-learn." And those are some experiments around hypotheses that we have about how we can drive the business, investing in things like advertising, investing in things like more attention to salon, perhaps more guest-facing time in our stores. The reason we're testing it is that we hold ourselves to a standard of getting a return on that investment. So as we look at those  "investments," the reason that our 5-year plan leads to improving that operating margin is that we will only choose the things to "invest in" that drive that kind of return that'll help us -- that will allow us deliver those results. 
Mary Dillon: Well, yes, we're very pleased that we saw the strong growth in retail transactions that we did in the second quarter. I would just say that long term, short term, every quarter, our goals really have a good balance between transaction and ticket, and we work together as a team to put plans in place that we believe will continue to do that. So it's not a science, right. So some quarters, it's going to play out a little differently. Some of our new products like Urban Decay, Benefit, some of the new products in those lines, launch of IT, Mally, they were significant contributors, as well as a strong pro-hair event, the leader event that Scott mentioned earlier. And our marketing and merchandising teams continue to work together to create, I'd say, even more compelling communications every quarter. So our goal here is to really just maintain a balance going forward. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Well, our guests love the prestige boutiques. We're very pleased with the business. Janet Taake and her team work closely with our vendor partners on those opportunities. And we hope and expect to continue to grow those. 
Mary Dillon: In closing, I'd like to thank all of our Ulta Beauty associates in our stores and our distribution centers, our headquarters. They've all really worked hard to deliver excellent results this quarter, and they're working hard to implement the strategies that we've shared with you today to continue to drive strong top and bottom line growth. Go, team Ulta! I also want to thank all of you for your interest in Ulta Beauty, and I look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the SG&A question is concerned, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, roughly half of the beat for the quarter is SG&A-related kind of expenses, so call it $0.05. Roughly half of that is marketing; the other half is test-and-learn. So the test-and-learn program was delayed a little bit, more than what we expected when we gave second quarter guidance. So we thought it was better to wait until we have those projects properly scoped and metrics aligned so we knew how to measure success at the completion of the test period. And on the advertising or marketing side, those were efficiencies that were identified by our marketing teams in the first half of the year or second quarter that we expect to redeploy in fourth quarter to drive more new customer acquisition kind of activities. 
Scott Settersten: Dan, I would say the general rule of thumb is when you have strong performance being driven by these new brand launches and exciting new things that merchants are bringing into the business, it really -- rising tides lift all boats in this business. I know I've said that before to many of our investors. I mean, it's not a single class of store or a vintage of stores or older stores versus newer stores. It really helps drive productivity in the whole fleet. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I don't know if we want to go through a specific laundry list of what's in and what's out, Aram. But I will say, what you described predominantly, we don't operate in that kind of environment today. So we've got good systems in our stores. Over the last couple of years, we've made some investments in store laboring, and we're working on task management in the stores. We're just about ready to finalize our rollout with a new POS system, which we think will be best-in-class kind of checkout experience for our guests, so again, early stages of that. On the supply chain and the merchandise organization, I think you've heard and I think many of our long-term investors have heard us say that we still do things kind of the hard way. We muscle through a lot of things that we know factually that there's better, more efficient ways to do that, whether it's forecast and replenishment, which Mary mentioned, and helping our vendors help us forecast the business and get it to our DCs more effectively and getting it to our stores, right, in the right kind of what I would say, delivery mode, boxes so it's shelf ready, ready to -- so that we can take time out of the backroom and get it into more guest-facing time. 
Scott Settersten: And, Oliver, I would just add, as far as rate goes, again, gross profit margin rate overall was flat year-to-year in the quarter. And you may recall last quarterly call, we mentioned loyalty program, right, is still going to be a headwind for us for the rest of the year. There's still some product mix challenges that we have. We did a good job this quarter overcoming some of that, and we have more of that planned for the rest of the year. So we'll do our -- do the best we can to make sure we keep that all in balance. 
Scott Settersten: As far as the CapEx question is concerned, we're projecting $265 million for 2014. Directionally, that might be at a slightly more elevated rate over the next couple of years as we get through the supply chain cycle year event. But it would -- we expect it to moderate once we get past 2016, generally speaking. And as far as dilution or dilution is concerned we'd expect that to be roughly maybe 1 percentage point, Matt, you could estimate is what the buyback dilutive offset would be. 
Scott Settersten: As far as the comp drivers for the quarter, I guess I will tell you, we're not going to be able to just aggregate the comp loyalty versus non or new versus old customer, existing customer. We can say with certainty that typically, historically what we saw when we implemented the loyalty programs is that it took a while for the customers to kind of come back. The sales performance was a little weaker on conversion. And then we kind of cycled back through the course of like a full 1-year period, we kind of get the comp back. This time, again hopefully, we learned some lessons on our last conversion cycle. This time we've seen sales kind of maintain, so we haven't seen any degradation or any weakness in sales with those people that have been converted. So that was a really great sign for us that the conversion has gone very well. As far as product margin mix is concerned, I think we're talking about 2014, Evren. We talked overall on margin rate that we still have this loyalty headwind. We will expect to have that for the remainder of 2014. We're still seeing one of our more important categories, professional male, has been a bit weaker than what we are expecting this year, so that's a headwind on our margin rate as well. Again, the merchant team is working hard to try to mitigate that. We saw some of that in the second quarter with better performance than we were expecting, and we'll continue to do that in the back half of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We saw most of it, the step-up in investments, back in 2012 and 2013, and I think we've talked about that and called those numbers out. That was really the step function, I think, as you use that term. Future investments are embedded in the supply chain numbers that we've given today and built into the overall CapEx that we'll talk about in more detail as we get to the future. So again, I wouldn't expect there to be any kind of an extraordinary step-up in the investment call for that business. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. There's definitely benefits from our supply chain investments from some of the other, what I'd call, just pure P&L kind of charges that we're thinking about, like marketing, incremental marketing efforts, whether or not we tweak the store payroll model at all, which is yet to be determined. We're still testing that. But anything that we would contemplate along those lines, we would fully expect to see top line comp benefits come out of those. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We're not going to be able to quantify everything for you, Mark. But as I think I mentioned earlier here, we still have -- the loyalty conversion is still going to be a headwind for us throughout the course of the year. Product mix, again every quarter has a little bit different levers that we pull as a merchant team. So we try to plan ahead to make sure we have a good balance of ticket drivers and traffic drivers embedded in our marketing materials. We've been able to offset some of the drag that we've seen from some deceleration in pro-nail. We've been able to offset that luckily with strength in the prestige line here over the first half of the year. E-commerce, I know we've mentioned that in the past. I mean, e-commerce rate is dilutive to us overall. But that's a business that we're going to continue to compete in very well, I believe, and we'll continue to expand merchandising opportunities there as well, which should help mitigate some of that over the long term, as well as continuing to scale up that business will help as well, so. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We expect operating margin to remain rather flattish over the next couple of years, which we think is an excellent result considering the amount of investments that we're going to be making over the next 2 years, especially in the areas of supply chain. I alluded to earlier, maybe not as clearly as I should, but we believe that there are significant efficiencies that are going to come out of this supply chain implementation that are going to help drive top line and operating margin performance overall once we get through the 2016 time frame. At that point, we expect that our operating margin then will start making significant progress towards our mid-teens target, which we've talked about for some time. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I mean directionally, they're more significant in the near term than they are, so they moderate. Again, once we get through -- 2015 and 2016 are the big step-up years, I would say, generally speaking. And then they moderate once we get past 2016. 
Scott Settersten: As far as e-commerce contribution might be considered or scalability of that business, I mean, if we just carve that out as a stand-alone operating business, I think anyone would be happy to have it. I mean, it generates a lot of operating income for the business. We're improving our merchandise rates there. So gross margin -- gross profit margin, in general, is improving. And we continue to see scale in that business. So these growth rates do that kind of inherently, and we expect more of it in the future. 
