Dennis Eck: Thank you, Laurel. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased to have several members of our senior management here. Ulta has a strong and tenured leadership team. Scott, Alex, Janet and Jeff are among the key leaders driving Ulta's business forward.  We will take you through the fourth quarter numbers. Ulta drove terrific results in the fourth quarter, wrapping up another year of sales and earnings growth. We will share our expectations for continued excellent performance in 2013.  For those of you who are not familiar with my background, I have been the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Ulta for the past 10 years. I've worked closely with the management team over the last decade. I'm honored to take on the role of interim CEO. Our primary focus is to maintain a high-quality business at Ulta. I will be working with other members of the Board to find the right CEO to lead Ulta in the years ahead. The search is underway. We are working with Herbert Mines and Associates, a top executive search firm, to identify the best possible candidate to lead this company.  You saw our announcement about Scott Settersten's appointment to the CFO role today. I'd like to congratulate him on his well-deserved promotion. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott. 
Dennis Eck: Thank you, Scott. I am very comfortable with our outlook for 2013. The Board of Directors and I work closely with the entire Ulta team to review and approve the plans for 2013. There have been no changes to the budget as presented to the board at the end of last year. We expect -- continue to derive market share gains and robust earnings growth. This is balanced with the need to invest in the long-term growth of this company. I am very proud of Ulta's 2012 performance and in each of our 16,000 associates for a compelling experience for our guests. We are managing our business for the long term, and we are making the right investments to support our vibrant growth story over many years to come.  With that, operator, please open up the call for questions. 
Dennis Eck: Okay, then I'll take on the CEO question. You saw in the announcement that we announced that we had a selected a search firm. We have a spec that we're working against. There will be a step where they come in and have a conversation with SVPs of the business just to get an understanding of the strength of the team that we have here. And as I've become more involved with the day-to-day, we've indicated earlier that we had a great sense of confidence in the Ulta management and their ability to execute the plans as they've laid them out. And that's increased as I've been here. So we would like to move as quickly as possible, but that said, we're incredibly focused on getting the right person to commit to Ulta because we have so many good things going. We have plans that we're driving forward. We're really looking for someone who could come in and as seamlessly as possible just lead us to the next iteration, the next generation of Ulta, and that's our goal. 
Dennis Eck: I think is the board looks at the ways that we can deploy the cash that we're generating from the business. We look at the ability to open new stores with a really high degree of certainty that they're going to perform, because we've -- our real estate group and our operations group have delivered that. So we see this as really a chance for us to continue to use our strong balance sheet to move quickly, and Alex might want to make a comment about the fact that there are a lot of opportunities that are coming forward. And we want to make sure that we're taking those opportunities so we get the right locations for the future. 
Dennis Eck: We have already several mall stores in our portfolio and we expect to continue to add additional in-mall locations when it makes strategic and financial sense. We'll look at quality malls with high occupancies, solvent anchor tenants and good population density. Our preference however, still remains with big-box power centers, best of the breed co-tenants. The performance of our mall stores to date have been very good, and we continue to be very strategic and scrutinize those locations carefully to continue to maintain that excellent performance. 
Dennis Eck: Yes. In fact, in some cases, we're seeing an improved profitability, and I think a lot of that has to do with our heavy scrutiny of the site selection process when we do go into malls. 
Jeffrey Severts: Thank you, Janet. I've really enjoyed my first few months here. This company has a vibrant business model, with so much natural strength. And as a marketer, I see tremendous potential. The good news is that we are already doing the hardest part of marketing really well. We have over 11 million active loyalty program members who are shopping more frequently and spending more money with us. But the untapped opportunity is penetration. Tens of millions of women in our treating areas have yet to discover the Ulta brand.  We know what it takes to win customer loyalty, and we'll continue to leverage our proven methods. But now, benefiting from our increasing scale, we can begin to invest in marketing in a way that will allow us to reach those millions of potential customers. We expect those efforts to be mostly digital, and we look forward to providing you updates on our progress in the quarters ahead.  Now, let me take a step back to recap our efforts on 3 initiatives during the fourth quarter, and also give you a preview of our activities in Q1. In Q4, we continue to broaden our reach beyond our traditional strength in direct mail marketing. For the holiday season, we opened many of our stores at midnight on Black Friday, and built excitement with great deals and an integrated marketing campaign. Leading up to Christmas, we offered 11 days of daily holiday Hot Buys, driving excitement and strong sales with great offers on prestige brands. We also continue to evolve our social media strategy, with increased communication through Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter. In January, we refreshed our popular skin care event, rebranded Love Your Skin, this 3-week promotion offered daily in-store events and gifts-with-purchase to encourage customers to reassess their skincare regimens.  Turning to Q1, we kicked off the quarter with a spring beauty preview in partnership with Allure magazine, promoting the season's newness and highlighting tips and trends. In February, the Oxygen reality show The Face debuted amid great fanfare. The winner of the contest will become the newest face of Ulta, and we've been very pleased with the buzz about the program in social media and with the coverage we've received in national titles like InStyle and Marie Claire. This week, we launched our semiannual 21 Days of Beauty promotion. We are backing this event with our most integrated campaign to date, featuring the largest digital marketing push in our history.  Turning to our loyalty program, we continue to build our member base to well over 11 million active members. We are testing and refining how we use our new CRM platform that we implemented in Q3. We've had some early success using customer behavioral data to deliver more compelling, personalized offers. As we use this platform more, we expect to find more efficient and effective ways to drive traffic. As you know, we currently have 2 loyalty programs running in different parts of the country. We are still assessing the results of last April's conversion in the central region. Once we have a full annual cycle of data, we plan to quickly decide on the size and timing of subsequent conversions. Our goal and our expectation is that we have 1 national loyalty program.  Moving onto e-commerce, in the fourth quarter, we enjoyed strong growth on ulta.com and delivered significant enhancements to the site's stability and speed. We were very pleased with our dramatic improvements in site performance on Cyber Monday weekend despite record volume. Looking ahead to Q1 and beyond, this is a very important year for ulta.com as we invest in a major site redesign, as well as in people and supply chain capabilities to continue to accelerate our growth. In summary, Ulta has a huge opportunity to reach new customers who've never discovered our brand. And to be even more compelling to our existing guests with personalized marketing communication. I'll now hand it back over to Scott. 
Jeffrey Severts: Erika, this is Jeff. So as you know, we have the luxury of having 2 great programs with the old Beauty Club in half the country and ULTAmate Rewards in the central region. So we have the luxury of taking our time and getting this decision right, and that's why we're talking about getting a full annual cycle of customer behavioral data before we determine the shape and the timing of the conversions. The other practical reason for getting that full annual cycle of data is that it will better allow us to forecast our business when make that conversion. Because the shape of the customer's engagement in the program is a bit different. The old program pushes all the redemption into a couple of weeks within the quarter. The new program tends to spread that redemption out across the total quarter. So having more time to watch how she engages with this program, we think is going to let us make smarter decisions for the launch and help us better forecast our business. 
Jeffrey Severts: This is Jeff. In terms of marketing, we're looking to build on what's been so successful for us, which at the heart, is our direct mail marketing capability and our loyalty programs. And, but as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the real opportunity is around penetration. So we're looking to add on top of what we do so well, marketing efforts oriented at reaching some of these customers who just aren't terribly familiar with the brand or in some cases, have never heard of us. So that doesn't mean more spending per se. That opportunity is afforded us by the increased scale that we're enjoying here as we grow. So we keep what we've got, we refine it, but now we're able to layer on this group of efforts against trying to get new customers into this tremendous loyalty machine we have. 
Scott Settersten: Dan, yes. Again, back to our prepared remarks. The choppiness we saw in the fourth quarter and the increasing take on our promotions and coupons, we've seen that continue into the early stages of the first quarter. So again, when we put our guidance estimates together, we consider all the elements of the current environment that we're experiencing. So you can rest assured that all of that is baked into our current thoughts. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Again, we take a very disciplined, detailed look at the way those new stores are stacked up. Again, we discussed that in the past with many of you. So we are very clear and understand what the impact is, and that again, that's baked into our full year view. 
Scott Settersten: Well, we look at the comp for the -- for any particular quarter for the full year. We're baking in a lot of different elements, not just the new store ramp or the, how the model stacks up in future periods. So we have to take into effect or into account what the customer's feeling, and how we're seeing them react to our ads and our promotions and take the total picture into account. And obviously, that impacts the older stores as well. Everything's that in the comp base, not just the new stores rolling into it. 
Scott Settersten: We really -- we haven't seen any trade down in the customer. Again, for the comp during the fourth quarter was evenly split between traffic and average ticket. That's a little bit unusual compared to our normal trend, which is primarily traffic driven to the stores, driving the comp. We see the customer, just -- there's just a greater take. They're really capitalizing on the promotions when they're out there. They're taking great advantage of that. More so than they had in the fourth quarters or holiday seasons over the last couple of years. 
Scott Settersten: We haven't noticed. We keep an eye on our competitors across-the-board. There's a lot of them out there, in a lot of different categories. We haven't noticed any major changes in their competitive environment. 
Scott Settersten: Brian, I'll take the comp item first. Again, looking back at Q4 and 2012 as a whole, we reported an 8 comp for the fourth quarter and 8 8 for the full year. So when you go back and look at the individual classes, they're all contributing in a solid, positive manner. I mean the new stores are doing very well, at or above targets, and some of the older stores are still contributing in a very solid level. Looking forward to Q1, again, based on what the consumer environment we fill and the choppiness we've seen, Q4 into Q1, we just feel it's best to take a conservative view of what the future holds for us. 
Scott Settersten: Well, I guess to your point, Matt, your perspective on whether it's a normal cost of business or not, what we want to make sure that's clear to folks, is that it's an incremental spend over what you -- what was reflected in our P&L last year. So in the case of the store payroll and trying to improve the guest experience, the $0.02 that we mentioned there or the 10 basis points deleverage we'll see in the P&L is incremental to last year, and there's a good reason for it. It's trying to improve the in-store experience. E-commerce, we got a functional site today that we're able to transact business on. But we're a long way from best-in-class type of environment out there. So we need to go back in, we feel we -- this is the point in time we need to redesign the site and get some of the other functionality things really resolved. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, well, at Q4 2012, the margin improvement was merely driven by fixed store cost leverage. Again, I think I mentioned in our prepared remarks that merchandise margin was weaker during fourth quarter. That kind of held us back from where we expected to be for the quarter. As we look to next year, again Q1 kind of prevents a type of perfect storm, as far as merchandise margin is concerned. So again, we are facing some challenges there. We do expect that the drivers in Q1 will have largely abate or will become more moderate as we go into Qs 2 through 4. So we do expect merchandise margin, we do expect leverage there in the back half of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Now let me take the first one on Q4. Again, just to refresh everyone's memory, Q4 historically has been our most challenging quarter to try to expand gross profit margin. Again and, we compete with all other retailers out there for the gift giving space, the promotional environment's a lot more aggressive during Q4 than it is the rest of the year. And what we saw in 2012 during the holiday was just a bit more of a challenge than it has been in recent years. That's what drove some of the weakness in merchandise margin. As far as looking at 2013, yes, again, I'd reiterate the investments deuce, kind of rolled smoothly throughout the course of the year, and we do expect to see merchandise margin expansion after we get past Q1. We've generated positive operating margin expansion in 2012 and then we expect to do that again in 2013. 
Scott Settersten: Let say, if I look at the laundry list, Gary, in new stores, the $0.05 -- $0.05 or $0.06 in total there that we're talking about, again, is something yet to be determined. We're not -- we haven't decided on what the 2014 new store plan looks like. As far as e-comm is concerned, I would say that our 2013 investment represents a fairly large portion of what we think we would need to put into that element of the business here over the medium term. When it comes to supply chain, I would characterize that as sort of a down payment. The $0.03 we're talking about this year, really relates to kind of the investigation process and trying to figure out exactly what it is we want to build. So there'll be more pets [ph], primarily expense this year. The capital will follow on top of that, the back half of 2013 into '14. So we'll give you more color on that when we get closer to figuring out what that looks like. 
Scott Settersten: Fixed store cost, deleverage, you're correct, that, that's going to be a headwind for the majority of the year. It's a fairly large bucket in first quarter. We want to just remind folks of that. The loyalty program, I will say the customers love the program;, we love the program. The cost is not necessarily going to be an inhibitor on whether we move forward with that or not. To Jeff's point, we just want to make sure we understand how the guest is going to react to this over a full cycle so that we can predict with certainty what the future's going to hold there. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. You're right, that is what I've said, that the comp was driven equally by traffic and by ticket. In the fourth quarter, we saw average selling place was up a little bit. Units were flat, so really, that's what was driving the ticket side of it. Again, we've seen this vary quarter-to-quarter over the long term, Evren. Over the long term, we expect traffic to be the major driver of the comp, and it does vary quarter-to-quarter, depending exactly on what we're promoting in our circulars and magalogs. 
Scott Settersten: I'm thinking back through the store model here. I'm just putting it through my imagination here. I don't foresee any major changes in how those stores stack up. I mean, they're still -- the model that we've posted is still the model that we're following. The stores again, the new stores are still performing very well. First year sales are at or above our targets. There's some minor variance in some of the CapEx numbers that we have in the model, but it doesn't have any material effect on what the overall payback is on a cash on cash basis over the model term. 
Scott Settersten: Evren, where we're still, really in the early stages of implementing or rolling out the Clinique boutiques. So while we feel comfortable and confident that it's going to help the total box, it's going help the comp over the long term, it's really not a significant impact at this point in time. Again, as we look at 2013, Janet mentioned that the advancement of that is going to be split between new stores and comp stores, fairly evenly. So again, there won't be as large an impact on the comps. Some of that's going to be in the non-comp or new store bucket. 
Scott Settersten: As far as the comp lead is concerned, again, through the end of 2012, we haven't seen any change in the way those old stores are maturing or producing. Again, still low single digits overall for some of the oldest stores. As far as the deleverage points go in 2013, again, I think it's more of a timing thing, on what we see when some of those -- how those investments play against some of the other things we're doing in the business. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, it's -- we're not assuming any change in consumer behavior. It's some of the other things that I mentioned, the mix item in the first quarter, just some other smaller things. Again, when you add up a bunch of small numbers, they kind of turn into something, but we don't want to get into all the details of it. So again, it's merchandise margin, deleverage in the first quarter, but course correcting as we get deeper into the year. 
Scott Settersten: Each one has a slightly different story, Joe. The supply chain, when you look at that one specifically, for example, why we opened up Chambersburg, D.C. earlier this year, we're very happy with the productivity there. That decision was made 2-plus years ago. So since that point in time, a lot of things have changed. We've accelerated the store program, the dot com business, we're kind of breaking out at the seams here in Romeoville. So it seemed like the proper time to a little bit more whiteboarding and kind of figure out what the long-term answer is there. So that's kind of what's driving that one. As far as e-commerce is concerned, we've been making investments there, to earlier points here. What we're looking at this year is a significant step up in that. 
Scott Settersten: Well, we ended the year with roughly $320 million of cash on the balance sheet. Not all of that is excess cash, right? We need some here to run the businesses by way of working capital. Management and the board continuously assesses the best use of excess cash. Always with an eye on what provides the best return for shareholders. So, rest assured that, that we're watching out to see what the best use is. 
Scott Settersten: I'd like to say thank you all for your interest in Ulta, and we look forward to speaking with you all soon. 
Janet Taake: Neely, thank you for the questions. OPI, we've had a very long relationship and a very solid relationship with OPI. It goes back from the very beginning of Ulta, and we were very pleased that we were able to launch exclusively and approved to the OPI online, and that was done with great partnership with George Saber [ph], the principal of -- the starter and owner of Ulta, or excuse me, OPI prior to Cody [ph] owning it. That's -- we're very, very pleased and excited to have it online. Perricone is rolling to all doors, and that will be in the next several weeks. You will see it in all of our doors. We're very excited about that as well. And Clinique, we did not mention how many doors we're expanding to in 2013. We are still finalizing that with Clinique. And we're very, very pleased to continue the expansion, and we will have more information on that later on this year. But we have opened 6 already this quarter. So we're expanding as we speak. 
Janet Taake: The salon pricing. It's really just trends. What we're introducing right now is really more trend and color, but the pricing has not changed. Color and cut are really the heartbeat of the salon business. 
Janet Taake: Well, I will just tell you that our relationships with all of our vendors are very, very strong, and we continue to improve every day on looking at brands we want to bring in and reaching out to those vendors. So our relationships are very solid. My merchant team and I continue to work on that. I think that the vendor community is very appreciative of our ethics and our straightforward partnership that we have in the marketplace. And that we're a growth retailer and we continue to introduce newness to our stores and to our guests, most importantly, and they want to be a part of that. But we have very, very strong vendor relationships. 
Janet Taake: It's very -- there's more to come. We have grown the portfolio considerably over the last several years, but there are many brands that we would still love to have in our home. So as I said before, we continue to evaluate the productivity and look for new brands and have conversations on an ongoing basis, but there's a large space still. 
Janet Taake: We didn't add any promotions in the quarter, but it would be that they're really enjoying the advantage of coupons and taking advantage of the promotions of the store. But we did not add any additional promotions on top of last year's calendar. 
Alex Lelli: That's true, Dennis. So we are finding that with the repositionings that's taking place with other retailers, in terms of their downsizing and closing and some vacancies that have occurred over the course of the last couple of years, that this is an opportunity to get into top-notch real estate locations that are successful on a traditional basis. And it's an opportunity to get in after the fact, so to speak, and get to play into game that has existed on some of these intersections for several years. So it's an opportunity to move quickly right now, when we have no particular competition of great note for the space that we're interested in. 
Alex Lelli: Well, there is downsizing taking place amongst some other bigger boxes that will provide some competition for the same size box that we're interested in. But our preferential treatment, so to speak, based on the attractiveness of our offering, is giving us primary attention from the landlord. So there could be competition in the future, but I think at this point in time, we're eliminating that by moving quickly into the space as it becomes available. 
Alex Lelli: Our focus is more oriented towards suburban markets. And 75% of our sites are located in existing markets. 
