Mary Dillon: Sure. I'll start on the salon question, Dave, thank you. I've -- the salon business right now is -- we're pleased with the growth. But it's interesting. Only -- it's really under 7% of our loyalty members are currently using the salon services. So there's no reason for us to think that we can't just continue to grow that nicely by getting -- driving more awareness of salon and more trial. So the online booking tool is certainly one step in that direction, which is great. But we anticipate that, as we think about how we can continue to drive awareness in trial and rebooking in our salons, that we'll be able to continue to grow that for years to come. As I mentioned in the script, we've got plenty of excellent offerings for our guests, whether it's new trends right off the runway on cut and color, even things that people can try just for the first time like a blowout or a makeup service. So there's plenty of growth that we believe we can drive ahead there.  In terms of the private label margin... 
Mary Dillon: Thank you, Kelly. Yes, first of all, we're thrilled with the results and the momentum in the business today for sure and excited about that as we move forward. I would say this: We're very confident and we remain confident in the mid-teen operating margin target that we put out for our long-term guidance. And that's going to be a combination of growing top line, driving efficiencies while still investing for the long-term health of the business. Having said that, there's also plenty of questions ahead as it relates to guest expectations in a changing retail environment. So we want to retain some flexibility to continue to think about innovation in that area. So we'll continually be refreshing our 5-year view. At this point we don't have any reason to think we'll change our 5-year financial guidance, though. 
Mary Dillon: Well, Omar, first I'll say you're on the right track and that it's a lot of things. Let me tell you this. We're very excited about our comps, but we guided 8% to 10% for the year, just to be clear, okay? So that's what we just communicated. The -- but stepping back, we're pleased with that. I would say that as we're coming into this year, I guess what I would say is at the highest level this is a business model that's working and we're executing it really well. And so we feel confident about the momentum and that continuing. It's a combination of a lot of factors coming together.  So if you'll indulge me, let me just spend a minute on this, which is, first of all, it's great that we're in a great category that is a growing category, right? And so that's important to start with. And there's expandable consumption of beauty products. So these are everyday use, sometimes multiple times a day, driven by innovation. There's plenty of innovation. So we're in a growing business. We at ULTA Beauty have a really, I think, very clear beat on who our target guest is and how to position ourselves against this guest. So this beauty enthusiast is a large and growing segment. Dave just mentioned that we are positioned as All Things Beauty, All in One Place, which is differentiated and relevant to that segment. We have exceptional brand partnership. So it's about knowing who we're trying to target but also offering her what she wants. So exciting products, new and exclusive, and really working with our brand partners to continue to have the great assortment across category price point and services.  I'd also add that smarter use of demand creation tools. So our loyalty program is really the heart. I talked about that. We've got long-term awareness and equity building tools moving in the right direction. The role of e-com and digital improved, especially at the guest service side of that as well. So the demand creation tools are working well.  And then I'd say just exceptional collaboration in our -- with our teams and executing against complex things. So it's about making sure that the in-store experience is exceptional, and that takes a lot, whether its payroll hours or investing in in-stocks. The distribution side of it, the focus on our Greenwood distribution center, the IT systems that support it. And real estate is a core competency for us. And we're quite good at selecting store locations, building them out, remodeling. And store productivity is even stronger than we expected it to be.  So I would say that truly is a notion of kind of a great market opportunity coming together and being executed well.  And last thing I'd say is that we also are less subject to some other factors that some other retailers are. So whether it's weather, maybe weak mall traffic or fashion hits or misses, a few other things, we're less subject to that.  So you put all that together, it helps us feel very confident that we can transcend what seems to be overall retail trends and deliver the kind of comps that we just guided you to. 
Mary Dillon: Steph, thank you for the question. And I'd like to start off with Dave because he and his team are really the experts at all of this -- all of these things. Go ahead, Dave. 
Mary Dillon: I'll start with the cross-channel. Maybe Dave added -- if there's anything on this  here. But cross-channel shopping is actually a pretty small percentage of our shopper base today. It's only about 6% of our guests or so. And we love them because the cross-channel shopper is shopping more frequently and spending more than a single-channel shop by far. I would say that you can think about digital as the center of pretty much everything now, right? So quite often, maybe somebody is discovering and researching online before they come into the store. Whether they discover us online or in-store first, I'm not sure if I can break that out, but I'd say probably mostly in-store. Online tends to be very incremental to us as well. Our guests love the experience of coming to the store. The whole beauty enthusiast vibe is about trying things and increasingly experiencing services. And then online she's buying things that are kind of incremental to perhaps what she even had time to discover. We push out lots of e-mails, not lots, but I mean an appropriate number of e-mails to our guests around new and exclusive and exciting products and that tends to stimulate some online shopping as well. So to your premise about will that be a big area of growth for us in the future? Absolutely. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. I appreciate your humility and admitting when you get something wrong. Anyway, the small stores, I guess I would just say, stepping back, we have, as you know, 2 small stores that we opened up in small markets: Vernal, Utah, and Morganton, North Carolina. Both are performing fine. The most important thing is we're learning a lot about operating a smaller footprint. And as we look into the future, a couple of things I would say. One is that we know that smaller markets like those markets, there's plenty of them out there and they offer another growth opportunity for us. Having said that, we could do 10,000-square-foot stores maybe even easier because it's a better -- an even better representation of the full brand experience. So we kind of get into more experience in small markets. Those stores are doing well.  We also -- the other thing is that as we look out in the future, we have not yet sized or put any kind of target out there on other opportunities like, say, urban stores or maybe the downtown main street parts of, say, suburbs across the country, where there are smaller parcels of real estate. So we continue to refresh our real estate view, and we're always doing that. And if we decide to go after smaller stores, we'll have a lot better handle on what that looks like in terms of how we think about season states, the assortment of labor models and supply chain models. So all good learnings. And I think we've shown  consistently that we like to kind of walk before we run. So we're walking and learning and it's going to provide benefits for us in the future. 
Mary Dillon: Okay, yes. I mean, I would say we don't break out the margins specifically across the business. Because of the labor involved the margin on service is typically going to be lower than margin on retail product. That guest, though, who's coming to use services is going to be spending 2.5x more than somebody who's not, so -- and buying a lot of retail products, coming frequently. So in total it's very incremental in terms of profitability to our business model. 
Mary Dillon: What's not going right. It's an interesting question, Simeon. Here's the thing. I'm -- we're really focused on the future and where the world is going in the next -- I mean, maybe I'll be so bold as to say 5 or 10 years. But thinking about what are the innovations and/or ways to think about the way that the guest expectation is going to continue to evolve and change about seamless retailing and shopping. So it's not a problem. It's a great opportunity for us because it's -- and I talked about  this in the script. But I've got a team of people and their teams  that think in a very integrated, guest-centric way and store-associate-centric way. So we're thinking a lot about how do we think about just continuing to be ahead of the curve as it relates to the competitive environment and the shopping expectations in the future. So -- and there's no one to answer to that, I guess. So it's not like it's -- anything is broken. It's a matter of where do we point ourselves for the future. And I mean that honestly. I think that I'm very, very pleased at how many things are going well. We're not complacent about that. We push ourselves very hard. We're really focused and always improving. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, thank you, Matt. I'd reiterate what we've said, which is that, and you just recapped it, 1,200 stores, full-sized, kind of prototypical, we see a very clear line of sight to that. We've also said that beyond that, the small market opportunity probably represents another couple hundred. We're in the process of refreshing our real estate view and we're going to start to take a more specific look at the opportunities beyond that, so urban or downtown suburban type pieces of real estate. So I guess I'd just say stay tuned on that. We'll continue to refresh that view.  But I feel very optimistic about our ability to continue to drive market share growth. So whether it's in terms of square footage or at a comp basis, we have, if you step way back, we have only 5% share of the spending of the beauty enthusiast today in the U.S. And it's -- beauty is highly fragmented. You can buy beauty products in thousands and thousands of places across the country. But we know that we've hit a sweet spot with a group that's actually, frankly, really strong and growing in terms of the beauty enthusiast segment. So we're differentiated. They like us.  So we're never going to get complacent about building out too much, but we certainly don't want to underestimate the possibility here. So I feel good about the target that we've communicated. If that changes, certainly we'll refresh that. But we'll continue to look at it.  The other thing I'd say is that, reiterate, new store productivity: very strong. Cannibalization: very low. Too low to even be material. And it's actually gotten less, which is great. And I'd like to mention that real estate opportunities, very strong out there for us. And everything we just talked about as it relates to driving brand awareness of ULTA only helps. Every store that we open now we've got people who kind of know more about the brand than they did a couple years ago. So I think all those factors are very positive for us. 
Mary Dillon: I'd like to just wrap up by thanking our 26,000 ULTA Beauty Associates who delivered a fantastic year and I look forward to continuing our terrific momentum throughout 2016. And thanks to all of you for your interest in ULTA Beauty. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, let me jump in there, Dave. So we don't break out specific categories or rate contributions by line. But obviously private label is a very high margin category for us. It's something that's key to the mix overall to ULTA and something that we use, right, we use strategically to help drive the business overall, both on the top and bottom lines. 
Scott Settersten: And then to close out, on the ASR, we're very happy to be able to announce that today. Again, that would typically -- will begin as soon as the open window for us occurs, which is early part of next week. And that sizing, we would expect to be able to execute that over a course of 30, 45 days roughly. 
Scott Settersten: Well, we feel very confident that it's a good way to invest money. We -- we've had experience, again, Mary mentioned we crawl, walk, run. I mean, that's the way we operate here. So whether it's the new fragrance fixture that we referred to, we already have that installed in a number of stores. We've monitored the results there, both from a sales and margin perspective but also from a shrink perspective, right? It's always a 360-degree view. As far as the boutiques are concerned, again, we've had a long history there with a number of these brand partners and we've been able to measure incrementality and halo effect in all those other things when these are installed in our stores. So we're very confident that they're going to produce excellent returns for investors over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as the CapEx and long-term guidance implications are concerned, Simeon, I mean, we're very happy with where we are today. I mean, the business is performing very strong. We're probably a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be at this point in time. The boutiques were in our five-year guidance. I mean, they were inherently built in there. But we are pulling them forward, so there is an acceleration here. And we expect, again, those investments, we demonstrated that they pay great dividends for investors over the long term.  So the CapEx specifically for next year, you can expect it to say elevated. This boutique, the strategy we have in place with our brand partners is a multi-year rollout. So we're going to touch as many of our comp stores. And again, that's what that $80 million is basically referring to, is our existing store base. So try to touch as many of those over the next couple of years as we can. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess the one thing I would say right off the bat is, we're batting a thousand here, right? I mean, we've had a pretty good run the last few quarters and you can't always plan for everything to go perfectly every quarter. So as we look out towards 2016, I mean, the combination of the DCs, we feel very confident now. We executed very well in Greenwood. We expect to do as good or better with Dallas coming online next year. Again, I won't break out basis points of headwinds or tailwinds from each one of those. But directionally we feel very confident that these are going to deliver the kind of benefits that we expected up front and that we described back in our investor day presentations.  I mentioned merchandise margins a little earlier here. Again, the core, the mix of the business is very strong in retail. All these new brands that are coming in, we've got generally very strong terms with our vendors. Pulling back on some of the broad discounting things and doing things more direct and focused with our customers are only going to help drive merchandise margins higher in the future. So net-net we feel very confident that we're going to deliver at least flattish next year, and we're hoping that we're going to be able to do better, similar to what we did in 2015. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, let me start off with the mix. So next year, basically new versus existing is consistent kind of where we've been the last couple of years. It's about 70% existing, 30% new. The one place we are seeing a bit of a change is in types of center. So new centers versus existing centers. So historically -- the last couple years it's been 80-20 existing, 70-30 existing. Next year we see it kind of ticking down a little bit to 60% existing center versus 40% new. So that's a great sign, to have new developments coming out of the ground. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess the answer to the first part of the question, yes. I mean, it was -- again, it wasn't any one thing, Dan. It was a total team effort in the fourth quarter. Stores, e-commerce team, DCs, merchants, planning; everybody in the corporate support area just really executed at a very, very high level. The merchants picked the winners, the store teams did a great job selling gift cards, e-commerce mix was better than ever, things that we had been telling investors we were going to improve on. The mix overall was good. Just an improved focus on giving the customer what she wants, right? So pulling back and being more focused on some of the discounting tactics that we used and overall -- and the DCs just -- and the work that our teams put in this year to not only get Greenwood open but to improve the existing buildings was just beyond what we expected. So it was just really spectacular performance overall. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, our 53rd week is actually the following year. It's going to be 2017. So just to make sure we're consistent there, yes. So for '16 now when you're referencing accelerating... 
Scott Settersten: Yes, that is. It's consistent. I think Mary mentioned earlier, our long -- we're not changing our long-term guidance. We feel confident in the trajectory of the business. We think there's a lot of benefits coming out of these supply chain investments that we're making today. So merchandise mix going up, supply chain efficiency is kicking in, in a meaningful way in 2017. We feel very confident that we're on target. 
David Kimbell: Yes, Kelly, we -- Mary mentioned in the script that cosmetics has certainly been very strong for us, both in prestige and the mass side. But we're really excited that we're seeing growth across really the whole store. The thing that makes us different is the unique combination of assortment; All Things Beauty, All in One Place. And we're seeing growth in hair for sure. It's a huge foundational element for us. So all aspects of hair, fragrance, skincare, accessories. So we're getting growth in all categories. But it is being led by cosmetics at this time. 
David Kimbell: Yes, that's great. First I'll start with new brands. That has been something that we had been focused on for a long time. We've added well over 100 new brands over the last 5 years. And as you said and as Mary mentioned, we had 26 new brands in 2015 alone, and that included brands -- we brought Dior late in the year, Skyn Iceland, Soap & Glory, First Aid Beauty, Revolution Makeup, Pacifica, TonyMoly, several others that were key across all categories and all different mass and prestige and hair. And so we brought growth. And we're really excited to be continuing to partner with our brands to leverage growth. And we feel like we've got a great relationship that has been in -- that has been building and strengthening for many years and we're excited about our ability to do that.  We've got -- Mary mentioned a couple, but as we look forward into 2016, we're as excited for the upcoming year as we were in our results in 2015. We've got some great brands already that have already come out in the Spring Trend magazine that you may have seen that came out. We featured over 2,000 new items across new brands and existing brands just in that magazine alone. Some key new brands that we're offering, Honest Beauty just launched. Mary mentioned that, Jessica Alba's brand that is exclusive with us. Fiona Stiles, also exclusive with us. Fiona is a well-known makeup artist and we're proud to be working with her.  Our existing brands continue to bring newness and excitement to us. Mary mentioned Tarte with their Double Duty Beauty. And we're finding growth across all of our key brands, both big and small, continuing to expand and roll out brands that we launched last year: BECCA and Clarins, Clinique and Lancôme, which I'll touch on in just a second. And then all of our big brands, our big partners across every part of our store are great partners in finding new ways to grow and we're excited to be working with them and brands like Bare and Too Faced and Philosophy and Urban Decay and Benefit and Chi and Redken and Matrix. The list goes on. NYX and L'Oreal. So we're excited to be working with our brand partners and we think we've got a rich pipeline to come.  On boutiques specifically, we did mention that we're continuing to expand. I'd say boutiques are an important part of our growth plan. It should be evident by this, they're not the only part of our growth plan, but we're really excited to be continuing to work. We have 4 main boutique brands. Bare has been our largest boutique brand and they're essentially in every store. We're continuing to roll out Benefit. We have -- they were in roughly 700 stores at the end of last year. And then over the last several years we've been partnering and expanding our relationship with Clinique and Lancôme. Each of them ended up with roughly 200 stores at the end of the year. In total, across the ones that we're continuing to expand into existing doors and new doors, Benefit, Clinique and Lancôme, we'll be adding over 500 boutiques across those 3 brands in 2016. So we're excited about all the brand innovation and brand expansion that will be coming this year. 
David Kimbell: Oh, exclusives. Well, so I rolled in some of the exclusively, like co-branded, like our IT Cosmetics. We look at a lot of exclusivity and we don't really have a number that we look at with that. But within nearly every brand and certainly every major brand that we have we have exclusive products or lines. Tarte Double Duty Beauty is 1 example that I've already talked about, and we have quite a few of those throughout the entire store. 
David Kimbell: As far as the new distribution center is concerned, again, as Mary stated, we were very happy with the performance the team put in there, getting it off the ground successfully. And you'll recall the third quarter was really the first time we had it in service. So it was less of a drag on gross profit margin in the fourth quarter because the building was operating very effectively. As we look towards 2016, again, we will have headwinds in the first half of the year because of Greenwood being online. It wasn't there last year. It's still going to continue to scale up. And then in the second half of the year we're going to step -- we'll see more benefits there as we lap Greenwood but they will be taking online the new Dallas DC. So you're going to have incremental headwinds there.  So as we look at next year, it's going to be fairly challenging, I would say, from a supply chain and contribution perspective. But we do expect to see merchandise margins continue to expand. So there will be a bit of a help there overall at the gross profit line. 
David Kimbell: Let me clarify what I said earlier and kind of repeat this . The 700 number was specifically about Benefit. So that's Benefit boutiques at the end of last year. Of course you know with Benefit we have services, we do Benefit Brow Bar. That's in those stores. What I said about Clinique and Lancôme is, you remember 100, that had grown by the end of last year to about 200 each. And then I kind of -- and then -- so that's where we are on those brands roughly, roughly speaking. And then the 500 boutique number is a combination of additions in new stores and existing stores of Benefit, Clinique and Lancôme. We won't kind of talk specifically about any one of them. But in total, across those 3 brands in both new stores and existing stores, we'll be adding about 500 boutiques. 
David Kimbell: Sure. And on the promotional front, we've talked about some of the gradual changes that we've made and trying to rely less on broad couponing and discounting to more targeted and leveraging our loyalty program as a source of value for our guests and we're going to continue to do that. We're not going to make any wild swings in 2016, but we'll continue down that path.  As far as mass and prestige there, each of those categories are very different in how they promote. But so -- we tend to have more promotions on the mass side, of course. Prestige is not -- does not tend to be a promoted category. Although starting on Sunday, Courtney, is our 21 Days of Beauty event, beauty's biggest event. So it is one of the 2 times a year where you can get pretty consistent prestige promotion. So that will be something we'll continue, focused events like that. 
