Mary Dillon: Thank you, Laurel. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm delighted to be hosting my first earnings conference call as the CEO of Ulta Beauty. The team delivered an excellent second quarter with strong sales and margin performance.  Our second quarter performance highlights many of the reasons I decided to join Ulta. We operate in an industry that's growing and important to our guests. Ulta has a differentiated format that resonates with customers. We have a solid long-term growth strategy and a strong team that's executing that strategy very well.  Leading that team for much of the second quarter was our interim CEO, Dennis Eck, and I would like to thank Dennis for his leadership and dedication to the success of Ulta Beauty over the past few months, and the other board members for their support as well.  Now to recap the Q2 headlines. We grew the top line 24.8%. Comparable store sales increased 8.4%, including the impact of our e-commerce business, which continued its rapid growth with a 72% top line increase. Operating income increased 26.8% and operating margin improved 20 basis points to 12.1%. Earnings per share increased 29.6% to $0.70 per share. The team will provide more details on the results and the drivers for the quarter.  Before that, I'd like to make a couple of comments on my perspective on the business after my first 2 months on the job. Ulta has enjoyed tremendous success for the past several years, executing a well-defined strategy. And that includes accelerating store growth, introducing new products, services and brands, enhancing our loyalty program, broadening our marketing reach and increasing our digital focus, including ulta.com.  I don't plan to make any radical changes to this strategy, but rather I plan to expand and build upon this solid foundation. In my first couple of months, I've been in our stores getting to know the business and our people. I'm incredibly excited about our potential. The beauty category is expected to continue to grow 3% to 4% over the long term, and I believe Ulta can continue to capture market share.  I expect that share gains will come through new store growth, healthy same-store sales growth, driven by new customer acquisition and more frequent visits of existing customers who are attracted by newness in our offering and the strength of our marketing and loyalty programs.  We'll continue our focus in introducing new products and services that drive traffic on continuously improving our loyalty program with increased simplicity and benefits for the customer; on delivering value to the customer through our gift-with-purchase programs, discounts and special offers; and improving our CRM program to better target and refine our offerings.  In addition, I see great opportunity to test and activate new strategies to further drive growth and profitability. These include: driving greater awareness of Ulta as a brand and a retail concept in creating a stronger emotional connection to our brand; deepening our insights about our current and prospective guests, continuing to identify opportunities to best meet her beauty needs; further driving digital discovery and e-commerce; continuing to provide great value while reducing reliance on price promotion and, finally, exploring new ways to continue to create excitement for our guests.  Now with that as a backdrop, I'd like to share with you my key priorities for my first 100 days at Ulta Beauty. First and foremost, I plan to work with the team to deliver the 2013 financial performance that we've planned. Another top priority is supporting our store growth plans. At the same time, I'll be focused on addressing business needs in the area of supply chain and our digital omni-channel approach.  I'll also be assessing the organization's talent, capabilities and culture needs as we continue to aggressively grow the business. I'll also spend time getting to know key vendor partners, and of course, analysts and investors.  I'm highly energized about the opportunity ahead of us and about how much runway the Ulta brand has. So now I'd like to ask our SVP of Merchandising, Janet Taake; and our SVP of Marketing, Jeff Severts, to talk about the progress that they and their teams have made with the key elements of our growth strategy. And then our CFO, Scott Settersten, will wrap up with an update on our real estate strategy and a detailed review of the numbers.  So let's start with Janet to update you on brands, products and services. 
Mary Dillon: Sure, absolutely. I'll start with omni-channel and then, Scott, maybe you can jump in on supply chain. We'll do that second. I would just say, obviously, omni-channel is something that's important to everybody in retail right now and for -- I think the way would look at it, it's about being where the guest wants to learn, wants to explore and of course, where they want to shop. It's about making it easy for the customer, as well as really being in the conversation. In social media, they're discovering brands. So I know the omni-channel through many different lenses. And I would say that, for us, we will always have what I would say is our very unique asset, which is our store base, which has the combination of product and service, and it's a great part of our model. But also being everywhere else our guest wants to shop is important as well. I'd say the investments that we're making this year, and Jeff talked about some of these in his section, are a great step forward as it relates to e-commerce. So being easier to shop in terms of web, tablet and mobile. We're pleased with what that is going to do for our business and our guest experience as well. We also have several other projects in flight from a systems perspective to help to continue to enhance the guest experience. So whether it's selling capabilities in-store, it were [ph] discovery, as well as associate selling tools. So all of those are either in process or I think we've made good progress on already. And lastly, I would just add that certainly as we think about our longer-term supply chain solution, we're thinking through the evolving guest expectations and how we economically meet those. 
Mary Dillon: And Scott, let me just add one piece, which is one of the things that I think is great about our business model, is that we have a pretty diverse customer base. And I think through our merchant marketing and CRM strategies the ability to walk across those different customer bases. So we have some folks that are more value-oriented, some people who are about discovering newness and less concerned about value. So I think that sets us up well, really, in any economic environment. 
Mary Dillon: Sure, okay. Well, thank you, Evren, for your questions. I'd say a couple of things. One is that I think that our current brand awareness is a great opportunity actually for Ulta because it's not very high. In some ways [ph], I mean, if we're doing great, it means that we're in a great industry that's growing, we've got a very successful business model that's working really well and I think this team has really built, as you can see, a very successful business, and we're focused on the right strategies. That said, I think we do have the potential to really drive even more growth in the future as we think about the fact that there's millions of prospective customers who really haven't discovered Ulta yet. And so we'll figure out carefully over time how to get there. But I think driving more top-of-mind awareness and more customers to Ulta and driving more emotional connection are all opportunities for us. Women, we know, love to discover new beauty products and services and especially in a really helpful setting with great value and certainly, that's very much what we have to offer. So as I look at our current strategies, I'm really pleased to see that we're experimenting and evolving. I don't think anybody would ever swing a pendulum dramatically on a business without some risks. So instead, I think what we're doing is right, which is we're testing and learning. Jeff and his team are -- the CRM improvements are, in terms of our ability to target and segment and vary our offers, are very interesting to me. Our e-commerce business is growing strongly, as you've seen, which is terrific as well. But certainly, we see that there's opportunities to continue to think about how do we shift the mix over time and drive more awareness driving tactics, which drives you to the business. So we'll continue to evolve that. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'll make a comment and then I'll ask somebody else in the team to add to that. I would say that it's both. I mean, first and foremost, I'm really excited about the redesign that we'll be launching and, I mean, it really will improve the overall guest experience and shopability and discoverability on the site. So that's a good starting point. In terms of having more products online, of course, we're always going to look to expand that. So I'll ask you guys to -- Jeff, you want to take [indiscernible] . 
Mary Dillon: I like that question, how to quantify emotion. I'm going to figure that one out. I think it's a journey. It's really just about continuing to refine how we think about positioning Ulta and making sure that all of our communications add up and the guest experience adds up to an ideal guest experience. I don't think we have a problem there. I think we have an opportunity to continue to have folks just discover us and hence, have a deeper relationship, rely on us as, really, their beauty expert. So that will play out in many different ways I think, but it won't be something that happens overnight. It's something you have to earn over time. And as I mentioned earlier, I would just say it's the totality of everything we do. We're not going to swing a pendulum and all of a sudden, start doing things really differently in terms of stopping all of our promotions and doing only advertising or something. You really have to work your way to that to really find the balance in the mix. And again, I think the team has done a nice job already of -- with the loyalty program that's really working well, with CRM analytics that are helping us refine this. So I would think about it is as a journey over time that I think just is an opportunity for us. 
Mary Dillon: Great. Thank you. Just to wrap up, I'd like to first thank our 19,000 Ulta Beauty associates, whose hard work delivered excellent results this quarter. In my short time as CEO, I've seen that our associates truly love what they do and they're currently passionate about Ulta and our guests. I've really developed great confidence in the team's ability to deliver another strong year of growth in sales and earnings, while making wise investments to set up the business for long-term performance. Thanks to all of you for your interest in Ulta Beauty and I look forward to meeting you in person in the coming months. 
Janet Taake: Thanks, Mary. The merchandising team has a lure of steady stream of compelling new products and brands for our guests in the first half of the year and are even more excited about the newness we're launching in the back half. Ulta gained share in all categories during the quarter. Our strength on the top line was again driven by prestige cosmetics and skincare.  To recap the highlights of the second quarter, we launched Sarah McNamara skincare, Ulta men's skincare and Mally Beauty cosmetics developed by a celebrity makeup artist, Mally Roncal. Many of our premium brands launched new products, including Stay Flawless 15-hour Primer from Benefit, Limited Edition spring colors from Clarisonic, Diamond Oil from Redken and Moxie Lipstick from bareMinerals. Benefit has quite a few new product launches this year and we're also making good progress on the services front. We have about 360 Benefit Brow Bars in Ulta stores as of the end of Q2 and plan to have more than 400 by year end, making Ulta the largest Benefit Brow provider in America. We continue to roll out brow tinting in the Benefit Brow Bars and expect to have 100 stores offering this additional service by the end of 2013.  To update you on Clinique and Lancôme, we ended the second quarter with 90 Clinique boutiques and expect to have 100 boutiques by year end. We added another 5 Lancôme boutiques during the quarter, with 20 more planned for this fall, for a total of 105 Lancôme boutiques by year end. Both Ulta and our prestige brand partners are very pleased with the results of these boutiques, and our guests are delighted to find these brands in our store.  Looking ahead to the third quarter, we have a tremendous amount of newness in the assortments. A few highlights of the new products we're excited about are Urban Decay's ultra long-wear pencils and lipsticks, Smashbox Liquid Halo Foundation, Tarte's Amazonian Clay Foundation, The New Black Innovations in Color Nail Kits and the Infiniti Pro Curl Secret from Conair. We continue to work with our vendor partners to offer our guests items sold exclusively at Ulta, including Stila's Dancing with the Stars collection, Butter London's color cosmetic collection and Living Proof's Perfect Hair Day 5-in-1 Styling Treatment.  We are launching several new brands this quarter that have a strong following and unique brand personalities, including IT Cosmetics, Jamie Kern Lima's award-winning line of color cosmetics infused with anti-aging technology and Meaningful Beauty's skincare system, Cindy Crawford's brand developed in partnership with Dr. Sebagh, a renowned anti-aging expert.  On the [indiscernible] side, we just introduced Jane Cosmetics, a brand that was very popular and trendy in the 90s, and was recently completely revamped and relaunched. Jane Cosmetics products are available online and in 500 Ulta stores today, with further expansion planned for October.  We continue to enhance our merchandise assortment on ulta.com, including launching new brands and products a couple of weeks in advance of their in-store launch. Grooming has seen a strong trend online with products like Tria, a laser hair removal device, and other personal care appliances becoming strong sellers on ulta.com.  Turning to salon, our services business continued to see strong momentum in Q2, driven by a good balance of higher customer traffic and higher tickets. Our efforts to improve retention of stylists and grow our team of more experienced stylists are translating into higher sales in the salon business.  Coming up in the third quarter, we are launching a new collection of trend right hair color looks for fall and have rolled out chain-wide training in new color techniques. We are also beginning to use our CRM platform for targeted offers to increase salon trial among our rewards customers. We expect our salon business to continue to deliver growth as we improve execution and retention and test and roll out new service offerings like lash extensions.  In summary, we're building momentum by adding new products, brands and services to our overall offering to continue to fuel strong growth and market share gains and enhance our positioning as a beauty destination. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff Severts, SVP of Marketing. 
Janet Taake: This is Janet, and thanks for the question. We are just opening up more boutiques this year. So with the 100 in Clinique and 105 in Lancôme. We're very pleased with the partnership we have with the brands, and we're hopeful that we'll add more boutiques in the future. But at this point, I don't have a definitive answer for that. 
Janet Taake: Sure. Neely, it's not the first time, but it's been many, many years. I think I would go back in history on there because it was on DirecTV prior to really launching with us, but it's been a long time. So to have a brand that's direct and then coming in brick-and-mortar, it's been a new experience since I've been here and I can't really speak to -- too much about it because we are just in the midst of launching IT Cosmetics, but we're very thrilled with the partnership, and we have great expectations of what the brand will do, most importantly for our guests and the experience in the store with our guests. 
Janet Taake: On the salon side of the business, it was average ticket, as I mentioned, drove increase. But a lot of it is going back to the retention of the stylist. And with the retention of the stylist increasing, goes back to the loyal guests coming back to that stylist. The heart and soul of the salon is truly the cut and color, which drives the majority of the business. So all of those things have been working and we foresee that the salon will continue to be a solid business. 
Janet Taake: Sure. And we are very focused on gift-giving categories across all areas of the store. And we feel that we have both value as well as some exclusive items, as well as some of the things that we do traditionally every year that other people may not do to really incent some of the categories for holiday, but we feel very good about our holiday assortment coming in this year. 
Jeffrey Severts: Thank you, Janet. I'm going to start by highlighting our key promotional activities during the second quarter. I will then update you on our loyalty program and CRM platform, and then finally wrap up with an update of our e-commerce business.  The largest marketing promotion of the second quarter was our signature Love Your Hair event. This year, we expanded it to a 3-week duration and executed a fully integrated marketing campaign, with a strong focus on digital tactics. The campaign generated millions of impressions and thousands of sweepstakes entries while driving traffic to the stores.  At the end of the quarter, in late July, we launched our first digital brand-building campaign called Beauty LOLs. As we've discussed in prior calls, we have a big opportunity to grow Ulta through increased brand awareness. With Beauty LOLs, we are using digital and social media tactics to invite women across America to submit their own stories about the humorous beauty mishaps they've experienced. To date, we've received thousands of submissions in the form of stories, pictures and videos, and we directly or indirectly reached a significant number of potential new customers.  While we're working to bring new customers into the top of our marketing funnel with campaigns like Beauty LOLs, we continue to drive today's performance with our bottom-of-the-funnel initiatives. Our loyalty program member count has now passed 12 million, an increase of about 19% year-over-year. Member sales continue to grow as a percentage of the total, and our retention rate continues to improve.  Consistent with last quarter's announcement, we expect to convert the remaining 50% of the country still on our legacy certificate program to ULTAmate Rewards, our newer points-based program in Q1 of 2014. This conversion will allow us to more effectively communicate the benefits of being a loyalty program member at Ulta. We will also be able to better leverage our CRM platform, because we will now have a universal currency for driving customer behavior.  With our CRM platform and our more robust customer analytics team, we have significantly improved our abilities to segment our customer file. As a result, our communications now feature content that is much more relevant to the target audience.  We have been moving promotional emails from one-size-fits-all to a modular, more personalized approach, helping us drive increased sales and margin. We executed 27 CRM campaigns during the second quarter and continue to experiment with different promotional offers. Overall, sales driven by email are up dramatically, while the total number of emails we're sending is down.  Now turning to e-commerce, top line growth in Q2 was 72% with nice improvement in the margin rate. Growth was once again driven by prestige cosmetics and skincare categories. We have brought new brands into our online assortment like Perricone and Mally, and we have enjoyed continued success with our limited-time-offers we've trademarked as Beauty Breaks!.  Our website redesign project is on track for delivery in Q3, and we'll carefully convert customers to the new site with a phased approach to implementation. We recently began fulfilling e-commerce orders from a second distribution center and are currently staffing up to scale that capability in time for the holiday season.  Looking forward, I would note that this quarter, we are starting to anniversary the work we did to stabilize the site last year. So we expect our top line growth to moderate somewhat as we stop lapping some easier comparisons. We also expect some conversion disruption as customers adapt to the new website. These 2 effects will make it challenging to match the e-commerce growth rate we experienced in the first 2 quarters.  We are making strong progress against all our marketing priorities. We are broadening our reach through digital tactics, we are strengthening our loyalty efforts by converting to 1 program, and we are improving our CRM capabilities through experimentation and analytics. In e-commerce, we are driving today's business while building capabilities to support a high-growth future. With that, I'll now hand it over to Scott. 
Jeffrey Severts: Sure, Neely. We actually do both already. So we version the mailers for Clinique and Lancôme already for the geographies where there's enough density of stores in those areas or actually, where customers live within a short enough distance of one of the boutiques. And then email, of course, gives us even more options for being very precise in our targeting to her and letting her know what the benefits of those boutiques are for her. So we do both already. 
Jeffrey Severts: Yes, I won't add much to that. I mean, we have a pretty high penetration of what you can find in the stores already online. They're just a couple of categories where we're not where we'd like to be, and pro hair is probably the biggest. And Janet's team is always working very hard to get us up where we are on the stores online. So we're making great progress there. 
Jeffrey Severts: I see. So within the online channel, the mix has been heavily traffic versus ticket so that's been predominantly traffic-driven. 
Jeffrey Severts: Mark, this is Jeff. We generally are pretty tight-lipped on details about the loyalty program. We view it as central to what we do and proprietary in many ways, so we probably can't reveal what you'd hope to hear today. 
Scott Settersten: And I'll pick up on the supply chain. Again, we're in the midst really of a significant project of designing what the future state supply chain looks like for Ulta. I think our honest assessment is we're probably a little bit behind as far as supply chain processes and best-in-class things are concerned. We've slowed down the project here just a little bit in recent months and that's what you'll see some of the flip in expense going from Q2 to Q3, that's really one of the primary drivers. As you know, Gary, these are big decisions with far-ranging financial and operational impacts on a business over a long period of time. And so we're carefully looking at what we can do to expand current capacity and also taking into consideration what we think guest expectations are going to be in the future. So we're still a little away from the finish line, but as we -- those particulars are finalized, we'll be sharing more details with you. 
Scott Settersten: We'll have -- actually by the end of this year, there'll be roughly 200 between both brands, so roughly 100 of each. And we do see that those brands, there's a halo effect on each of the stores that we place those brands in service and it drives customer traffic to the stores. We've seen that demonstrated. 
Scott Settersten: You know, Ike, we see the same stories in the financial press and in the general press at large, the same kind of things that you guys see on a day-to-day basis. It seems like there's a divergence in customer reaction and shopping behaviors, and it depends what kind of retail category you're in. We're not going to be able to comment really about what the cadence was within a quarter or what the current kind of business environment is for us. But the guidance that we provided includes our best observations of what current business trends are and all the macroeconomic kind of impacts that we look at as we get ready to discuss that with our board and come up with our final guidance for the quarter. 
Scott Settersten: What I tried to do in the prepared remarks is just try to remind everybody of the significant changes in the business over the course of the last year. So we've added a lot of prestige boutiques, which are -- represent significant inventory investments. The new brands that Janet and her team have been able to bring aboard here again are skewing more towards the prestige side of the store. They are higher-priced points kind of items, they're in high demand. So we're making investments to try to stay ahead of the demand curve and try to service our customers as best we can. We would see that continuing in the future. That's part of our strategy. By year end, we would expect again year-over-year comparisons that the comp -- that the inventory growth will be in line with the comp growth for the full year. And we would expect that to be the trend as we look out to the future. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We've seen the composition of the comp transition over the last 3 or 4 quarters from being one that was basically driven by transaction growth to now more recently being more of an average ticket growth kind of situation. Part of that, we would attribute to kind of the macro environment. So you've seen other retailers talk about traffic being down in centers across the U.S. I mean, you've seen that reflected in a lot of the comp numbers that have been announced during the last 4, 6 weeks. We see that in our business, we're not immune to that. I mean, we're in the centers, right up next door to all those other high-quality, big-box retailers. So we have seen nonmember traffic down year-over-year. The good news for Ulta is we've got a great loyalty program. We've seen that be very effectively implemented. We see our loyalty program members actually shopping more often with us. And we -- to top that off, we've got nonmembers and members actually buying higher-ticket items and driving their basket higher. So that's really worked in our benefit here in Q2. 
Scott Settersten: Well, the 1,200 stores, I think as we've discussed consistently in the past, is a realistic target that we're all here focused on. So that's 1,200 of the 10,000 square foot boxes that we do so well today. I think we've also talked a bit about the 125-store number kind in absolute terms, that's kind of a mix of new stores and remodels. It's kind of at the upper end of the range where we feel like we can execute that at a very high level. So again, as you look out to next year and beyond, that's kind of the absolute number that would fit into your model as you're looking at percentage growth kind of estimates. The small store opportunity is one that the team here is focused on internally. Again, we've got a couple of small stores sprinkled throughout the chain right now. But the team is focused on really delivering the Ulta experience in a smaller store format, whether that be in an urban kind of setting or more of small town rural kind of setting. So that's something that we're focused on currently and we'll probably have a couple of test stores to roll out next year. 
Scott Settersten: Evren, I would say e-commerce, I think it's probably generally common knowledge that e-commerce businesses generally do not contribute at the same rate as an installed bricks-and-mortars base of business, the environment that we operate here at Ulta. So it contributes at a lower rate currently, but it is scaling up quite nicely. And as we continue to scale that businesses up, we expect that to significantly improve over time. So that's part of our long-range plan. 
Scott Settersten: Oliver, as far as gross profit improvement in the third quarter being driven in large part by improvements in merchandise margin. It's really kind of a continuation of the discussion we started earlier this year. It's a combination of factors. It's the business continuing to mix up more towards the prestige side of the box, which again is higher price points and less promotion and less discounting going on there. And also on our side, being more disciplined and smarter around the promotional kind of environment. So again, whether it's the CRM tool, we can be more targeted with our promotions to customers or the analytics team that supports all that, which is helping us get smarter on how we do those kinds of things. So that those are really the primary drivers. 
Scott Settersten: I guess I'll go first. I'll take the investments. Again, the $0.13 were split roughly evenly between labor investment in the stores to support prestige growth, supply chain, e-commerce investments to drive growth there, and then of course, the new store program. So another one, Brian, on the new store program, I think -- we would think that's going to moderate a little bit again as you look at 2014. So the absolute number of stores is not going to grow beyond the 125. So on a percentage basis, that should help or moderate a little bit as we look forward. E-commerce, I would say again, we're going to continue to make investments there. It probably won't be at the same level, generally speaking, because we wouldn't expect to have a new website redesign next year. So we'll continue to invest in the team there and some of that analytical stuff we have to do. But infrastructure-wise, it shouldn't be as big a bite of the apple next year. Supply chain, I mentioned we slowed that project down just a little bit, so the expense is kind of flowing towards the back half of 2013. We would expect to have a final determination here sometime in the fourth quarter on what the plan is going to be. So that will go -- that will transition from being kind of an expense item to more of a capital item as we transition into 2014. Again, we'll be able to size that up for you a little bit more once we have our final answer there. Store labor, again, we deleveraged that store labor this year significantly, either try to improve the guest experience in the store and to support the prestige side of the business, which continues to grow at a very high rate. With Mary entering the business here and us kind of taking a fresh look at the strategy and how Ulta is going to evolve here over time, I think that one might be a little bit more TBD'd as I look into 2014. Again, I wouldn't expect it to be a significant change from where we are '13 versus '12, but there could be some investments that we look at there. It just depends. 
Scott Settersten: I would be able to tell you, Matt, if you looked, I think we provide some of these details in our Q as well, which got filed today. So year-to-date last year, I think it contributed 40 basis points of comp and this year, it's at 130 to 140 basis points of comp. So that's kind of the relative spread year-over-year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, we talked a little bit about in the first quarter call. We started seeing this trend continue as we exited the holiday period and kind of got through some of the rough seas we saw early in the first quarter, that we saw this divergence in our customer profile, much like the rest of America has seen it. There's a certain portion of our customers, our core customers, that are pursuing value and that are very focused on whatever coupon or promotional event that we're running at the time. And then there's a good portion of our customers that the sense is that price is really no object. They're pursuing whatever the hottest new gadget is or the hope in the bottle or hope in the technology or whatever it might be. So the good news for us is we serve a wide continuum of customers and a lot of different products available in our stores. So that plays to our strength. 
Scott Settersten: We would expect -- I think when we talked about quarter-to-quarter, we would expect to see the continuation of improvement in our merchandise margin as we get deeper into the year. That will be the major driver in third quarter. Again, if you look at it historically, that moderates somewhat as you get into the fourth quarter because of the promotional environment and the competitive environment in the fourth quarter. So that would be the driver for the rest of the year by and large. 
Scott Settersten: Well, that's what we're seeing as the most recent kind of reality in the marketplace in our stores. So we would expect the trend to continue absent any other significant change in the macro environment. The ticket, when we talk about the ticket, most of it was average selling price. That was the majority of the ticket increase. So units were up slightly. So again, it's subject to assessment and analysis on our side. But we tend to think that our customers are making choices too, just like people are choosing autos and homes and home improvement versus other discretionary kinds of things. When they get into our stores, they're choosing a higher price point prestige kind of product and offsetting that with not buying another category. So that's what we're seeing as kind of the current business trend right now. We really don't foresee any significant changes there in the near term. 
Scott Settersten: Well, we always take a very balanced view towards our real estate strategy, so that's been our profile since day one here at Ulta, and so that we would expect that to continue. So it's always a balanced approach with single-store markets, major metro areas and backfilling markets as we look at our real estate. And we're always cognizant of the sales transfer or cannibalization impact on those stores and making sure that we're making really good decisions. 
Scott Settersten: As far as the economic model is concerned, that's a little far out right now. I guess we're not -- the thought process isn't that far down the path on that one. That would be something, again when you're talking smaller footprint, we're looking at different potential sizes so 5,000 square feet up to 7,500 square feet. And just trying to think about what worked best inside each one of those footprints. And of course, that would be different if we're doing that in an urban setting versus some kind of rural setting. So we do believe that small store is a good side opportunity for us in the long term, and it's something that we hope to see again in some limited test cases in 2014. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, our salon customers, service customers, are our best customers. They visit our stores more often than an average loyalty person does. So we recognize the value in those folks, and we're looking strategies and tactics to try to drive more engagement and try to get more people to try the salon at Ulta. So I think Janet mentioned that we're going to have a CRM initiative to try to touch our loyalty members and try to get them engaged and get them to experience the salon. And we figure, once we get them to try that, there's a good chance that they're going to continue with us. And that's a great add for us as far as value is concerned in the long term. 
Scott Settersten: No. We've consistently said it's greater than 50% of our sales. And I think that's all we're going to share at this time. I just -- we're all kind of laughing and smiling here. It's something that we think in the future that we might want to provide a little bit more granularity and color on. So maybe stay tuned in 2014 for that. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, Jill. Sorry, I don't really have that kind of detail handy with me. Generally speaking, the e-commerce stuff will be, by and large, behind us by the time we get to the end of September. Supply chain has kind of pushed back into the second half of the year. We thought that would be more evenly balanced quarter-to-quarter. The store labor, as well we did some experimentation with that and testing early in the year, and now that's really picking up steam in the back half of the year. So it's a little tough to give you any more quantitative answer than that. 
Scott Settersten: We consider the real estate program and what we do with processes around new store to really be a core strength of Ulta. I mean, the teams that we have, the experience that we have doing this and the way we've been able to accelerate that store growth plan over the last couple of years has really been outstanding. And the new stores again, congratulations to the team. The sites we've identified, those stores are producing excellent results, right on target with where we want to be and that's great for Ulta. As far as the future is concerned, we would expect again the 125 to kind of be the absolute top end so percentage-wise, yes, that's going to help on the leverage when you consider fixed store costs and what that -- impact that has on the P&L. So we would expect to see some benefit there next year. 
Scott Settersten: We would say, though, that it's clear that those customers are more engaged than the folks that are in the certificate program, that they prefer that over the alternative and that we see those folks more often, they're more engaged with the program and it's going to be a big win for all of us when we move everyone onto that program next year. 
