Mary Dillon: So Adrienne, thank you for your questions. And maybe I'll start with the second one first because, yes, so I think right directionally, we'd say we're expecting Q3 to be somewhat better than Q4. There's a lot of uncertainty, as everybody knows, but we've got resets and launches coming in Q3. I think holiday is just something we're all a little more cautious about, given new ways that people are going to think about shopping and hours available, et cetera. So we're thinking directionally that way. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Well, it's too early to really kind of parse out the exact dynamics of their behavior, but we like where it's heading. I mean, omnichannel guests, I said this earlier, I think you probably know this, but they're most engaged guests, and they spend 3x historically as much as somebody who's shopping in-store only. So this is sort of a forced migration to more folks to get it into this.  And so while you can debate sort of the margin impacts of e-com, we know the total value of this customer is quite significantly strong. Because most of our guests historically have started a store-only, and then started to shop online with us as we saw their spend triple, they basically were keeping pretty similar what they were buying in-store and just adding incrementally online, and the categories tended to be similar.  So we would expect a similar behavior, except we've got a lot of folks now who started first online, right? And so -- and as we open up our stores and saw people coming back, I mean, certainly, traffic isn't where it was, but we're pleased with the pace of people coming back to the stores. I think it just kind of continues to support that premise that beauty enthusiasts like the idea of shopping, both physically and digitally. They get good things on the side both of those things.  So I mentioned this also that as we saw a lot of new people shopping us who weren't rewards members, we also have the opportunity, now that we have their e-mail, to convert them into the loyalty program.  So I think this is all good. I mean, the thing -- that swift increase that happened showed that: a, we were in the right place, from an e commerce perspective. I mean that e-commerce business doesn't just happen on its own. Our team was doing a great job of connecting with guests and social and digital channels to drive -- make sure we're driving awareness and staying top of mind at a time that there was a lot of things on people's minds, right? So we pivoted out of what we would have done traditionally and really focused on understanding where people were in terms of self-care and things like that.  So it was strategically, I think, a great pivot. And we'll continue to watch it closely, but we think it's a good thing for our business. 
Mary Dillon: So thank you. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We're out of time.  I just want to express my sincere appreciation to all of our Ulta Beauty associates for their efforts as we continue to navigate well through this unprecedented environment.  I just hope that you and your colleagues and your loved ones are safe and healthy, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again in December when we report our third quarter results. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. And as far as the comp sequence is concerned, I would just point maybe to looking at the promotional calendar. I know a lot of you guys track this stuff very closely. So you can schedule out what types of things we did last year over the course of the third and fourth quarters. And with the background color being we're trying to pull back on some of those things, right, we talked about in our comments.  So overall, directionally, I would say the fourth quarter, probably slightly weaker on balance just because of the volume of sales there and some of the promotional activity that historically have taken place in the fourth quarter overall. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. That's a broad question. But let me first start out by saying, just, I guess, reiterating how proud we are of our teams, the e-com digital teams, the distribution centers, our store associates and all the support people that work with them. I mean it was a spectacular outcome to deliver a complex, that 200% year-over-year expansion, just really a great outcome overall, with the thought being, that's the average for the quarter. At some point during the quarter, it was higher than that, right, higher than 200%. So very proud of the outcomes there.  When we think about, over time, the e-commerce business, we haven't been shy about sharing the challenges we have with rate. I mean, everybody is very aware of that overall. So when we think about what we're trying to balance is rate versus dollars and speed versus cost. And we've talked to investors in recent years about the heavy investment cycle we've been in to support that part of our business. And it's really worked to our advantage now, right, in this time of crisis and change pivot point with consumers. So very happy what we've been doing in recent years to support that business, and obviously, that's going to be the trend for the future as well. So we'll continue to be focused there.  When we think about the margin profile overall in the future, again, our historical guide was that it was going to be a 20 to 40 basis point headwind. Obviously, that's not what it is in this time and space. We're happy with the sequential improvement we saw from the first quarter, right? And we expect that to continue to moderate sequentially as we go deeper into 2020.  And we're thinking and working collectively on other levers we can pull to try to mitigate some of that rate headwind, specifically in the e-commerce space. So things like BOPIS, we've been talking about and curbside now that we have that available to us. And again, those are higher-ticket transactions typically and better margin profile file overall. Our DCs are operating more efficiently now, so that helps offset some of that headwind.  And then we're thinking about other parts of the business, right? Mary pointed to cost optimization. So it's not just an e-commerce question. It's more of what else are we looking at overall for the enterprise to help optimize the overall margin profile of the business, not just the e-com piece of it.  So the entire team is focused on that, and we're doing a lot of work now framing up 2021 in how we deliver the best overall financial result there and then start marching back to healthier operating margins. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So when we work -- I mean, we're in the throes of it right now, Michael, looking at 2021 operating plan and looking at new embedded cost headwinds to the business overall. So some of the things we've talked about historically around channel mix headwinds and store payroll headwinds, and some new, like PP&E cost implications and how long that might be with us. So there's a lot of ores in the water, so to speak, right now. The team is focused on it.  Again, we're focused on overall operating margins, trying to squeeze out the best overall financial results, and we're focused on double-digit operating margins over the longer term. We still think that, that's kind of the minimum threshold for this business. We got healthy product margins. It's part of the base of our operating model, and there's still lots of levers for us to pull on, and we're just making decisions now on which ones we're going to push and pull for next year. So we'll have more to say on that as we get further along this year. 
Scott Settersten: Well, I guess I'll start. So just the basic runway on the store buildout program, so we pulled back, we moderated this year for obvious reasons, right? So you're in that 30 new store opening range for 2020. And as we stated in our remarks, next year, the way we're looking at it now because, again, you're working on leases as years in advance, right? Working with landlord partners, lining up the right kind of space and making sure you got the right co-tenancy mix there. So these are far down the road kind of decision.  So we feel good about at least 30 new stores for next year, and hopefully, maybe more depending on how some of the pandemic impacts other retailers in our centers across the U.S. right now.  So we still feel good. Again, I think we mentioned in the remarks that we're looking at the optimal footprint, right? So the fleet we have now versus the fleet we would want if we had a white sheet of paper to work with, and then layering on top of that, the omnichannel sales opportunity for us for the long-term and just making sure we got the right number of stores with the right incremental -- digital sales offering as well.  So again, looking at it today, we still feel like 1,500 to 1,700 is a good range. I mean, that's definitely something we feel comfortable with. And that we just want to make sure that it's optimal, right? So we're in the midst of that work now, and we'll have more to share on that later in the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So we're thinking about the second part of your question, Simeon. But as far as the first question there, so fixed cost overall is something that we have been focused on for a couple of years already. So when we talk about efficiencies for growth, or EFG, real estate is a core pillar in the work that we do there. So again, thinking about the whole portfolio when we're dealing with landlords, not just individual stores and looking further out into the future on renewals and opportunities to reposition stores or renegotiate overall economics on those stores, so that's been underway now for a period of time. And so we're -- we've got an embedded process in the business, and we're feeling really good about what we're doing.  So COVID-19 just kind of put that on steroids here in the near term. So again, you've seen other retailers talking about challenges they've had, so we're doing a lot of the same things behind the scenes. We feel like we've got a better process. We've got strong relationships. We're a retailer of choice for many landlords, the beauty category being a healthy one to add to the mix, and we drive a lot of traffic to centers. So we feel like we're in a good position to make sure we get the best overall economic deals.  That's something that will be part of our long-term plan. We're getting benefits now, and we will continue to scale that up over the long term.  As far as the 20 to 40 basis point headwind in our historical guidance, I mean, that's -- again, that's -- the page has been turned on that here over the last, call it, 3 to 5 months. And we've been reacting and leveraging and trying to optimize the overall impact there. I think I mentioned earlier, DC, throughput, efficiencies are getting better as the business scales up to 2 and 3x times. We are getting efficiencies out of the network overall.  I mean, there are headwinds. You've seen the news reports here on some of the surcharges that are coming from some of the shipping operations here in the U.S. So that's another bit of a wildcard that we're balancing against. But it's a little too early to really be able to quantify what the impact on that is. I would say, in the big scheme of things, that's a smaller item compared to some of the other headwinds that we're dealing with now here in 2020. But again, we've got a great team in supply chain in that's smart and thinking about all the long-term impacts of this over the long term.  And again, when we put it into the mosaic that we're dealing with, whether it's specific, digital, gross margin headwinds or other things in the business, PP&E costs, we're kind of putting all the PPE -- all the puzzle pieces together here to kind of try to come up with the best overall operating margin answer that we can. 
Scott Settersten: So SG&A in the back half of the year. So you're right, the CARES Act, $48 million was a onetime kind of thing for the second quarter and won't recur in the back half of the year, but then we'll have the PP&E cost. PPE costs, the $35 million to $40 million in the back half, that's primarily SG&A costs. So a lot of it is store labor. When you think about metering people in and out of the stores and making sure we're guiding them to safe shopping practices. And then you got cleaning of the stores and related supplies to all that.  Store payroll and benefits is the largest bucket in the SG&A line item. Directionally, you've heard us talk about some of the changes we're making here. Mary mentioned a few of those. And so lower in the second half versus last year by some of those actions that were taken.  Marketing, lower in the second half versus last year, but not as low as it was in the first half. Some -- we pulled some expenses out of the first half and we're putting in the second half to -- we've got some great new advertising, right? Television advertising coming here, so we're really excited about.  Overhead, then would be the last bucket, and there's going to be some growth versus last year because some of those investments we made, growth investments, are still yet to be anniversaried and will be when we get through the full year. 
