Carl Rubin: Well, I mentioned some of the things in the first quarter, antiaging products, B.B. creams, mascara, lips were all big trends. We think that, that continues and we're excited about the back half of the year. There's a lot of new product launches in the third quarter that's still coming in into the fourth quarter. So it's a combination, Ike, of the new products from existing brands that we've talked about, some of the new services that we've put in. In our Salon business, comps have continued to improve. They're running very well. And then it's the new brand introductions. So all of those things are -- continue to be very good. One thing I mentioned in my prepared comments that I should call out, these at-home tools by Clarisonic, the hair removal, the acne treatment that I talked about that's coming, it's a small part of our business, but they're high ticket and we're selling a good number of units and it's having a nice impact to overall sales dollars. So that's also a trend that we start to see emerging stronger in the first quarter. 
Carl Rubin: Let me answer the second one first. What we've said is that our business model's built on a 3% to 5% comp, 15% to 20% square footage growth. So we're pleased with how 2013 is setting up right now, but it's still early for that. So we'll update you as the year progresses. But our long-term guidance is that 15% to 20% growth this year. This year being 2012, we are growing at 22%, so obviously higher. If we can find the sites that are very attractive, and I stressed in my comments that we're looking for quality not quantity, if we can find those sites, we have the balance sheet to be able to do it. We have the capability to do it. And most importantly, there's the customer demand to do it. So we will pursue it as we see appropriate. And we're encouraged by what we're seeing, but it's still early for 2013. So just remember our 15% to 20% long-term guidance. As far as the international, yes, I think that there is an opportunity for Ulta's model overseas. But I would stress that when you look at the 3 big buckets of opportunity, those being U.S. stores, the second being U.S. digital and the third being international, clearly, that third bucket of international is the lowest of the 3. And it's the longest term. So we have significant growth opportunities for a number of years ahead of us to get to that 1,200 store count. There's the potential of a smaller store format. And clearly, while our digital business is growing quickly, it is on a small base. So that U.S. business, digital and physical, is really what our focus is for the near to midterm time frame. 
Carl Rubin: Dan, we added the 29 doors last fall with Lancome, so we're very pleased to be adding these 50. We've commented before that we're pleased with our performance with the iconic brands. These 50 will get up starting in the third quarter. It will -- we expect to have them all done as the heat of the holiday season is upon us. I think the impact for this year is minor, it's negligible. I think that as you look out into future years, we believe that it's a nice addition to our offering. It will be in 79 doors once these 50 open. We'll see what happens from there but we're very pleased, as is Lancome, with the level of sales and the type of guests that we're introducing to Lancome that's good for both us as well as the brand. 
Carl Rubin: It's a little bit of all. So obviously, opening the 50 boutiques for Lancome is costing us capital and some OpEx to get those open. But as I said in my comments, in a select number of additional doors, we are making some investments into the Prestige arena, which will accommodate our ability to expand future boutiques. So that all is included in the $10 million that Gregg called out. 
Carl Rubin: The price points relative to department stores are the same. This isn't so much a price-based business. This is experience- and service-based business. So the retail prices, everyone prices it as they see fit, but typically, our prices are consistent to what you would find at a department store. But our service model, we believe, is for our guests a better one. As far as displacement, I think we've talked before that our store, the average store size is about 10,000 square feet and it's a pretty flexible store format so we can move things around. So we go through an ongoing review of product and brand performance, and there were always things being added and things being removed. So I wouldn't call it specific brands that are going out, but I would say that the addition of Lancome into these 50 doors is a bit of the same process that we go through on an ongoing basis of refining the productivity and continuing to add new brands and new products and eliminating things that aren't performing. It's that process, maybe a little bit on steroids, but it's an ongoing effort that we'll follow to get the space for these 50 boutiques. 
Carl Rubin: Just add to that, Joe. Right now, if you look at the overall numbers that we put out, our inventory increased on a per-store basis by about 9% versus our 10% comps. So they were relatively close. If that's what you're talking about reducing, I think you'll see the gap between inventory per store growth and comp to be larger. If you take that 9% though and remove the Northeast DC impact, the per-store inventory was up about 4%. So I think that's where Gregg was going, that if you extract that Northeast DC part, that's how you should really consider that inventory per store will move in line with sales comps. 
Carl Rubin: You mentioned May. May is in our second quarter. And that would be incorporated into the guidance that we gave. So I would remind everyone that firstly, this is a pretty resilient business model. We have a lot of levers that we can pull. We have a broad range of prices, a broad range of product categories. We feel very good about the things that we can control. Obviously, we live in a broader economic environment and we understand some of the things that are going on in the world in general. To the best of our ability, that's all incorporated into our guidance that we gave in the second quarter. So we wouldn't break it down into what we're seeing thus far that's reflected already in the guidance we gave. 
Carl Rubin: There's a cross-section of stores. I would tell you that out of our store base at the end of first quarter, about 85% of those stores are either a level 6 or a level 7 are two -- we consider those our current format. That roughly 85% of the mix being in level 6 or level 7 compares to about 75% a year ago. So between the combination of new stores and the remodels that we've done, we're making very good progress. Lancome and these other Prestige investments that we're making, they will not go into anything older than a level 6 store. So they'll all be in a 6 or a 7. So essentially, they're going into our current format. 
Carl Rubin: Yes, I think that -- a few things. The newness in the Salon, the OPI nail gel, the introduction with Redken of this Chromatics hair service, a lot of programs of training and some greater marketing that we've done in the salon, I think all of them have contributed to some of the improved performance. Clearly, in general, this is a tough business in the industry as a whole. As when you look at other public companies as they release their results, we're very pleased with our performance, and it's been an improving part of our business over the past few quarters. 
Carl Rubin: No. We run a pretty broad demographic customer base. And we go from teens to 60s. Obviously, the sweet spot is in the 30s, but both quantitatively and qualitatively, you really do see a broad cross-section of people. It's not a typical spiky kind of bell curve. When you stand in our store and you watch, you typically see women shopping in groups. It's either a mother and a daughter or 2 friends shopping. So pretty broad, widely distributed in terms of age. Certainly, the ethnicity represents the market that we do business in. Our average income customer tends to be upper income. Our average income is in the $70,000 range, a little bit above. So that -- and that really continues to be the case with the new customers as we open new stores, as well as expand our loyalty database. 
Carl Rubin: I think both. As our -- the cost of getting these stores opened has improved as we've continued to add more data to our loyalty file, as we've continued to learn more about refining the market size that we can operate a store in. All of those have demonstrated that there are markets that potentially a couple of years ago, the company thought were too small to support in Ulta but we believe now they can, or we can congregate them into a market a bit tighter that had been thought of at one point. So this analysis, we spend a little bit of time just giving you some sense of the depth of that analysis. A lot of work and thought has gone into it, and we're very encouraged that the 1,200 number is out there. We're also very confident that it can be realized over time. 
Carl Rubin: Well, it can be a lot bigger. I would remind you of the following. One, it is growing very quickly but it is a small base. I also would remind you that it serves 2 purposes. Our digital effort serves 2 purposes. One is clearly, there is more e-commerce revenue to be done. And that number should be significantly higher than what we have today in terms of our revenue. But the second is to reinforce Ulta as a brand to our customer and bring to life our brand to that customer and augment what we do in stores. So the buzz terms out there are multichannel or omni-channel.The reality is, in our business, which is a very emotional experiential category, digital complements what we do in our stores and what we do -- what we can do through our e-commerce effort. What we need to do digitally is bring that experience to life for our customer, whether that's shopping, actually enabling her to spend money or whether it's providing a community for her to talk to and learn from, whether it's providing trend information, provide that physically in our stores but virtually through our digital efforts as well. And that's the second purpose of our e-commerce effort of our, I should call it ulta.com effort. So one is a revenue increase, which should be significant, and the second is to bring the Ulta brand to life to the customer, where and how she wants to engage with us. 
Carl Rubin: Okay. Well, let me thank everybody for your interest in Ulta and joining us on the call today. And we will look forward to speaking with you at the end of next quarter in September. Thanks so much. 
Gregg Bodnar: Dan, the way to think about that is stores that are 5 years and older are performing meaningfully above what you would expect kind of over the long-term or the normal, if you will. Those stores in our model, 6, 7, 8 years out, we expect to produce more like low-single digits. The fact of the matter is all of the strategies that Chuck referred to that have been driving our business have a meaningful impact on mature stores. So and you could argue have one of the largest impacts on mature stores, because a big part of that is reaching out to our loyal customer base, where the largest quantity is, is in a mature store 5 years or older. So back to the macro on the store model. Yes, the cost will become down. We're still building them for $900,000. The productivity of sales per square foot is getting slightly better as we improve company operating margins, not all of it, but a significant part of that contributes to the single-store returns because a big part of that affects the 4-wall contribution of a store. So the store model keeps getting better. 
Gregg Bodnar: We said for the full year, it'll have a slight negative impact, so about 10 basis points. And then for next year, I would expect that negative 10 basis points could be 20, 30 basis points positive depending on how fast we can get it ramped up headed into next year. Typically, a DC in its first 12 months is where it gets its biggest productivity gains, but that's kind of where its maturing cycle is. So it takes 12 plus months to get to the productivity of an existing DC. Certainly, we put some equipment in this distribution center just to kind of better the operations versus our current distribution center. So overall, I'd expect its productivity to meet and surpass the other DCs. 
Gregg Bodnar: No, not necessarily.  You do wind up with a little bit of a benefit because you have a distribution center that's closer to stores. It reduces a little bit on lead time, but it's not material. 
Gregg Bodnar: So walk that forward, Joe, in my prepared remarks, I said that when you pull out the Northeast DC by the end of first quarter inventory, the effect of that proceeding it to start shipping stores, we were up 4% on a 10% comp. As we work that DC into our network and rebalance inventories across the 3 DCs, adding stores into that Chambersburg facility, taking them out of other DCs, we'll continue to rebalance that inventory across the chain. But it still does take some incremental inventory as we add stores in our supply chain. When you go to next year, our philosophy will remain consistent. We need to make sure that we're providing a superior experience for guests, appropriate in-stocks, presentations, et cetera. So I expect that our inventory on a per-store basis will continue to be below our comp growth. But I don't expect it to decline. You certainly will get a little bit of an abnormal comparison in the first quarter next year because you'll be cycling against the 9.6 for the new DC this year. 
Gregg Bodnar: Jason, for a lot of reasons, we don't report comps on a monthly basis. So we don't get into the cadence during the course of the quarter. And as for a ride, we've never done that. We move to marketing calendar around from time to time. So there can be impacts that are driven by as we optimize the marketing events and the marketing calendar. So we don't get into intra-quarter comp flow. 
Gregg Bodnar: Sure. We were up 110 basis points, and about 80 basis points of that's coming from merchandise margin and the rest coming from fixed door expenses. 
Gregg Bodnar: Evren, on the store maturity, as the brand grows in awareness, I think there is much more opportunity in front of us even with 467 stores, 1,200 target for the U.S. There's much more opportunity to drive comps all the way through the maturity curve by increasing brand awareness. So I think more of that opportunity is in front of us than we're realizing today. As far as rents go, it's been pretty even. We have a concept that the customer seeks and the developer community seeks. We have a strong balance sheet that ensures that the developer's actually going to see execution in the leases and get payment. So I think it provides a good balance for our dealmakers to negotiate in this environment. 
Gregg Bodnar: And keep in mind, that's also based on the data that we have and based on the actual performance in those examples that Chuck cited. 
