Mary Dillon: Okay, Oliver, thank you, and let me just start with a kind of broad stroke on the supply chain. As you know, it's a multi-year project. And I guess I would just say it really touches several aspects of the business. The overall goals are going to be building infrastructure to support the growth that we have planned, also, to enhance capabilities that we know we need to be a really relevant omni-channel retailer our customers want to shop and then, of course, also drive efficiencies over time. So really, this multi-year plan has several benefits that we were excited about. Examples, increasing delivery frequency to help improve in-stock conditions, having the cartons arrive at the stores in an "easier to stock to shelf" kind of format. We call that store-ready. Even looking to see if we can be more efficient with our footprint and leverage inventory across our footprint to fulfill omni-channel orders. Forecasting replenishment, yes, that's certainly part of it. Down the road, as we have more store format, like the small stores, ensuring that, that's easier to scale and to operate, that's also part of it. And also, that we continue to improve the processing time on our e-commerce business. So all of those are aspects and benefits that are expected and built into the 5-year plan relative to the supply chain investment. E-commerce, yes, we do expect that, that margin will improve as we get more efficient. The 2 new distribution centers are really being built from the start with that in mind, to really fulfill e-commerce as well as store orders as efficiently as possible. So -- as well as we continue to improve some of the mix of what we sell in e-com. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. Well, we are constantly in a mode of continuous improvement, seriously. So I think we're always looking at what worked well, what we could've done better. And honestly, we're very pleased with how the quarter turned out. But there's always areas that we can continue to improve. The -- your question about where the customers are coming from. We're-- we know that we have opportunity gap in our awareness relative to some of our competition. And that's opportunity for us. And that's why we've been working to balance the mix of how we do our marketing to drive, to have awareness-generating tactics, and that's proving to work for us. If you step way back, we have, as you know, about just under 3% share of the beauty market in the U.S. So our guest is -- loves us and she's loyal and coming more often. But there's 2 sources. One is beauty enthusiast who perhaps have not been in an Ulta ever or not been in an Ulta for a long time or current guests that are maybe spending money across different retailers, hardly they spend everything all on 1 place or any 1 category. But as she's increasing, giving us more of her share of wallet. And our loyalty program is a key part of that. It really provides a great incentive to spend your beauty dollar at Ulta. Because the points are valuable and the more you spend, the more valuable they get for our guests. So it's really current guest spending more with us as well as new guest spending with us instead of other places. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, as I mentioned in the script, Dan, we are planning to expand our boutiques for both of those brands. I'm not going to get into specifics. But we're excited. We've got great partnerships, great momentum on the brands, and we'll be rolling out to more stores. 
Mary Dillon: So Chris, I'll tell you what. That is part of the secret sauce in some ways that I want to be careful about how much we say because it's really an important lever for us. And I've got to tell you, I think our team is -- I know they're all over this, and we're very deep in our knowledge, our precision, our ability to target and use this to various effects. But I wouldn't want to say more than that because it's really an important tool for us. But we're excited about it. I think it's just going to continue to be a great lever for us. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I think we're probably still in the early innings, right? I mean, I think our capabilities that -- we've had the loyalty program for a long time. But it's really like now that we're at this 1 platform-everybody, that just simplifies our life. It makes it more powerful. And the team is really actively experimenting with lots of ways to leverage that. But -- so I think we're really in the early stages. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. The payroll testing model, we're really pleased with the learning. Kecia Steelman, who's our head of store operations, has really dug deep and been all over this. It's actually a little bit less of a clean test than an advertising test in some ways, right? The inputs are little bit different because it's about store by store, managing that payroll, hiring, getting the right people there and managing that to an outcome that you want. So what we saw and that's why we feel confident that there are stores that we're going to go after this and we're going to increase labor hours because we believe it's going to pay for itself in terms of increased sales, frankly, by having more guest-facing time and more conversion. So it's -- but it's also something that because it's subtle, it's a little trickier to manage. We're going to walk before we run. So it's not -- what we know is that over time, as we continue to play out the supply chain investment for our associates in the stores, it will get easier to have more guest-facing time. And that's exciting. In the meantime, we want to see if we can accelerate that. But we're going to kind of take it step-by-step. 
Mary Dillon: Just said it, particularly, when we executed really well, where we held the General Manager accountable to a new sales target with those new increased hours and where that store was able to hire the right person quickly and get the right people trained and in position, it did -- it was efficacious for us. That's why we are confident to add more labor hours in a certain subset of stores because we think, managed right, it's going to be a good investment for us. And it's really about that overall guest experience as well. And when our -- a guest wants to interact with our associates, our associates want to be there to help them. And so that really is a flywheel that helps the business and we like where it's going. 
Mary Dillon: So what we've talked about, up to about a couple of hundred stores incremental to the 1,200 stores that we've already mapped out for our large format. And yes, I mean, we love how they're performing. They are great stores, great team, and the guests love them. And it's really, I believe, in pacing. Again, walk before you run. So it's a little tricky to operate as a completely different store format, which it is, but we're really pleased with where it's going. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I'm not going to share a lot of the details on this because it's really early and I want to protect some of that insight. But I will just tell you that we've set certain sales and productivity targets and we're exceeding them. So -- and they'd be the normal kind of targets that we've set for any store. So we feel good about that. It's really about forecasting replenishment models that I think are going to be the key to getting us to a position to more easily run those store formats. So it's not that far off. I mean, it's not like we're going to wait a super long time to do this because we're excited about the prospects. And I'll tell you what, the guests in these small towns were very excited that we showed up, so it's a great opportunity for us. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I'll start with the content. And well, absolutely, I mean we're very focused on that. And this is a category industry that is so driven by trend and content, new discoveries. So yes, we're building content, we're working with our vendor partners to acquire more content. And you'll see more of that to come from us for sure. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. So in closing, I'd like to thank our 22,000 dedicated associates for a really terrific 2014 and their tireless efforts to differentiate Ulta Beauty and to continue our strong momentum into 2015 and beyond. And thanks to all of you for your interest in our company. I look forward to speaking with you all again soon. Thank you. 
David Kimbell: Yes, I mean, I think we made -- we continue to do a lot of the things that have worked for us historically behind many of the print vehicles, our magazines worked well in reaching our existing guests. We've also introduced and improved several of the tactics that we go to market with. Mary mentioned in the script, for the first time, bringing in radio into the mix, which we think was a really strong addition to our promotional activity over that key holiday season. We also, to your question specifically about improving the effectiveness, there's a lot that we can read around our guests' responsiveness to our activities. And one area in particular that I highlight is the impact we're having with our e-mail. So as we get better information around our guests, we are able to more personalize the communication, the offers, the type of information, the frequency of the information that we're delivering to her. And so we saw a dramatic increase in the effectiveness, which is measured by, essentially, sales per e-mail in the fourth quarter. So we feel like we're expanding as well as getting sharper in the types of things that we're doing. 
David Kimbell: Yes, this is Dave. No, I don't think it's associated with our store growth. Obviously, we opened 100 stores last year. And where that growth is coming from, where our best customer is coming from, is we really get an incremental transactions from her. What we see is our -- those guests, which is the majority of our online business, are coming in and buying both in-store and online. So we get actually, close to -- actually, a little bit more than double the number of transactions from a guest that is actively buying online and in-store versus a guest who's just buying in-store. So our -- really, it's fundamental and a key part of our overall omni-channel efforts is to be -- have the experience where and when she wants it. And what we find is there's times where it's easier for her to buy what she's looking for. She's attracted to something online and she is at home and she wants to get it. But we also know a big need for us is to get her into store. And she's doing both. So we see that as really an incremental purchase and an incremental opportunity for us to drive growth and not relate it to the store growth piece of it. 
David Kimbell: Well, we said that -- I mean we said we're projecting millions of new customers every year. Retention remains really high. So we have good, strong retention. But we continue to attract new customers. I will say, one of our opportunities going forward, the reason we're trying to build awareness, is to bring even more new guests going in. But we've high retention. We've high percentage of sales that come from our guests. And that's a key driver of our business, continuing to delight them and drive strong performance with that group. 
David Kimbell: Yes, a couple of things. First, we are seeing an over-index of new customer acquisition online, although it's still a minority of our customer -- new customer acquisition. The things that are driving our growth from the e-commerce is absolutely a combination of a number of key factors. It is a great portfolio of products, first and foremost. They're really attracted -- the same things they're attracted to in store, they're attracted to online. And we had great success behind many of the launches and the products that Mary touched on. We also, as Janet described, added several new products throughout the course of the fourth quarter and even into this year. We've been successful at driving traffic to our site. So our customer acquisition and traffic-driving activity has really been exceeding our expectation and then, once they get there, some of the changes we've made within the site experience to convert them had been working. And then, I'd say, the other activities within loyalty, to your point around e-mail and other communication, even our magazines and really every touch point that we have, encourages or reminds her to come online just as much as it does remind her to come in store. So all that seems to be working. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. I'd say that's right on target, Dan. I mean, it's -- there's always a few bright unplanned surprises that you managed against during the course of any quarter or year. In the fourth quarter, like Mary mentioned, we had a few challenges in our e-commerce fulfillment side of the business because again, as always, the demand always seems to exceed our expectations. And so we had a few more, I'd say, inefficiencies, labor inefficiencies there that we had to deal with, and some additional freight expense to make sure we try to meet guest expectations as best we could so we reacted to that. But really, I'd say that was probably the one, I'd say, on the negative side, a ledger. On the positive side, I mean, everything seemed to work spectacularly in the stores. Execution was good, in-stocks were fantastic. And so we are very pleased with the overall performance on the retail side of the business. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Yes, let me repeat that. The core retail product margins, so 90% plus of the business, they were better year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, all right? So the core of the business is very healthy, and we're just managing along in our e-commerce side of the business, and the loyalty thing is kind of a one-time hit, I would say. And now that we're anniversary-ed, again, we wouldn't expect to see that kind of pressure on margin rate going forward. 
Scott Settersten: It includes a litany of things. And many of those things, Mary described in her prepared remarks. So there's new investments going in, in stores, with test management system, we've got new mobile technology, app systems going in stores with iPads to allow us to be more engaging with our guests in the stores. Of course, the biggest investment is the Midwest DC, which is going to ramp up. It's ready to open summer of 2015. So there's a fair amount of gross margin deleverage. That's where most of that expense flows through the P&L, and it will ramp up. I mean, it's there in the first quarter, but the heaviest -- it's mostly back-end-loaded in 2015. Third and fourth quarters is the heaviest expense. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, we wanted to maintain maximum flexibility. So again, the plan, the stated plan, our 10b5-1 plan, the focus is on offsetting dilution, which we said I don't know if I have the number of shares that it takes. But it's roughly 500,000, I think, was our early model, 500,000 shares a year roughly, which equates to about 1%, as we've said, of earnings growth. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We don't -- as you know, we don't talk about current quarter performance. But we had weather just like everyone else did in February, right? So we take everything into account that the current conditions reflect. So we feel very confident, strong momentum coming out of fourth quarter. We mentioned gift cards. There's carryover from that post January. There's good newness in the pipeline coming online. There's good tailwinds coming from the new store classes that are starting to roll into the comp base. So again, we try to look at all the facts and all the levers at our disposal and try to come up with the most prudent guidance that we can. 
Scott Settersten: Right, right. Which I think is roughly about what we did last year. So like-for-like, more or less. And on the shares again, I think for the full year, 64.4 -- you're going to build in roughly 400,000 to 500,000 shares, right, of buybacks, which would equate to the dilution effect that we described. 
Scott Settersten: No, Jason. That's primarily it, kind of what we described as part of our long-term guidance, that we expected to continue to deliver very strong earnings growth going forward, adjusted for the investment, primarily for the DC. But there are other related investments around core systems, around merchandising and other store things that we described in our remarks that we feel we need to support strong, healthy earnings growth in the future. 
Scott Settersten: We still feel very confident with the guidance that we provided last fall, which we think is very realistic to get to a mid-teens operating margin over the long term, over the 5-year period. Again, in '15 and '16, operating margins are going to be flattish because of some of the supply chain, DC and other core system investments that we'll be making. But once we get past that, we expect it to be making significant progress towards that target, the mid-teens operating margin target in '17 and beyond. So lots of goodness coming out of these investments. That's what we expect. Unfortunately, we have to make the investments upfront, and you start seeing the benefits more in the outer years. 
Scott Settersten: It's a mix of both. I mean, Q2, if you line them up, the stacked year-over-year, you'll see last year was, what, a 30% EPS growth year-over-year. So when you just start doing the math, you can see that it's a tougher comparison. Part of it is being derived from the comp, the tough comp compares with some of these product launches, which were very strong last year, and some of it is just to build on the deleverage in gross in supply chain costs that are going to affect the P&L. So it's really a combination of the 2. 
Scott Settersten: No, it's a combination of the 2. I mean, margin -- I'd say the margin piece is more of a Q3, Q4, and sales is more of a Q2, Q3 kind of thing. 
Scott Settersten: I would tell you that the rollout went very smooth. I mean, this was 1 that was pretty high risk and we accelerated it to make sure we could get it in before holidays. So things went very smooth, all things considered. We did get some step-up in the technology as far as cyber protection as part of that system, so we are very happy that we were able to accelerate the implementation of that. 
Scott Settersten: Matt, historically, what we -- as you well know, we've been experimenting with this model for quite some time. So historically, as we rolled it out to new markets, we saw a sales hit in year 1 as people kind of get comfortable with the program. And we saw that kind of moderate over the course of the year. So the going-in assumption was like a 1-year kind of cycle time to get back to it, what I'd call an equilibrium with the guests. This rollout, the conversion that we did with 50% of the country in 2014, we didn't see that. We saw sales actually accelerate from our expectations. And of course, right, that equated to more points being earned and more of a margin headwind because of that. Because people are more engaged, it's easier to understand. So... 
Scott Settersten: Yes. We haven't really seen that. Again, it's a different scale now. We got the whole country on this program. I can just tell you from the inside, we are very excited about what this program provides for the company and the opportunities that we're going to have to drive more engagement, more focused offers to our guests by using our CRM tool. And again, we're in the very early stages of this. 
