Mary Dillon: Well, it's a -- I mean the good news is, with our model, that we offer a lot of different brands and categories, et cetera. So we have discussed this before. Prestige cosmetics category have struggled in '18, and some of the brands continue to struggle in terms of comping over some strong growth in previous years. We've continued to gain share in all the track channels, which is great. We also -- not all the data that you see is measured in all the -- or the marketplace is not all captured in tracking reports, so a lot of growth happening from digital and native brands, and we're obviously participating in that well. So we continue to see the category as healthy overall. We're going to continue to add new brands and work with our brand partners to continue to drive innovation pipelines and balance, I guess, the risk of that with the other great newness that we bring into the box. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. Thank you, Oliver. As you can imagine, I'm going to stay very high-level on this in terms of we're not -- we don't want to disclose a lot, to folks about what we're doing exactly, okay? But we do -- we're very excited about the opportunity. I mean we've got years of domestic growth ahead, but we do see this as a next step in our long-term growth journey. I would say we've done a lot of diligence in the last couple of years understanding consumer categories, competitive dynamics, just like you're asking, not just in Canada, but in other key geographies, studying success and failure, precedence and learning. And bottom line is that we do believe whitespace opportunity exists for the Ulta Beauty proposition because it's differentiated, right, in terms of experiences in-store and online, breadth and depth of offerings in what is an important and growing category. So it's incremental growth for us. I guess back to your question, I would think about it more of leveraging our core competencies, but also being open to some modifications and local adaptations as needed. So how that plays out relative to offerings, you can imagine that or a real estate model, but overall, we plan to stay true to the Ulta Beauty business model. We know it's working, and what we have studied and believe is the opportunity is something that's pretty close to that. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, lots more details to come, but you can imagine, I think, that we feel good about our ability to create the Ulta Beauty brand and that's obviously behind our list of important priorities from the start. So that's all I'll say now. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments. I'll ask Dave to add more to this because he obviously is quite expert in this arena as well. But I would say this is not a factor for all brands in prestige, right, so it's really like a few large prestige brands that are having a tough time comping over some amazing growth they have had for a couple of years. We have many prestige brands that are doing quite well. So we do our best, level best as can be, and be as direct and transparent as we can about how we feel about the pipeline. But of course, it's in partnership with our brand partners, and like I said, the fact that we have an array of choices that we can make in the marketplace work to our advantage given our box. So David, anything else you want to add on the prestige question... 
Mary Dillon: And I'll add lastly on that tariff question. So -- and we've said this before. We're certainly less exposed than other retailers. Most cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, liquids were made in North America and Europe, but we have some in Ulta Beauty Collection, some things that are made in China. But we're -- it's small. We're managing it through supplier relations and pricing, if needed. So we consider that a pretty small impact for us. 
Mary Dillon: How about we tag team. I'll take the newness one and then I'll give Dave the other question, which is great. I would just say, yes, newness is really obviously continues to be really important to our business and to our guests. In this quarter, we saw a strong contribution from some categories like prestige skincare, [ EOS ] and Tula, mass cosmetics, the refill I talked about, those are the exclusives. We saw strong contribution there, I'd say, somewhat less on prestige cosmetics. There are some tough comps versus year ago on some of that. So overall, I'd say, not a significant in terms -- relative to Q4, we had some pretty high profile launches, but still obviously, very important key strategy and we continue to feel good about the continued cadence of newness that's coming. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. I'll start with the promotional question, Adrienne. I would say that certainly the beauty market remains competitive and offering a strong value proposition is always going to be important for us. So we haven't seen -- I guess, I'd say material increases in competitive promotions, but it as intense as ever, I guess, I'd say, and it's evolving. We're going to continue to evolve. Our promotion level for the quarter was pretty consistent year-over-year. So obviously, we always look for opportunities to sort of optimize how we think about using promotional levers and that's not going to change. So we prioritize our loyalty and our CRM platform in getting more and more -- able to be more personalized offers obviously that's a kind of Holy Grail. We continue to test and learn behind the scenes there's a lot happening that is hard to track but testing different circs and values and reminders and durations, so all those in the spirit of optimizing return on that investment. So I think we've got the right track, the tools to drive traffic and sales and deploy them in a balanced way and will continue to, as we do all the time, keep a very close eye on the competitive environment as well. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, and -- so we talked about this last quarter as well. So it's an evolution, I guess, is the way I think about it. They are brands that have a service component, like Benefit Brows and MAC makeup artistry. We'll continue to have dedicated labor in most stores. Other brands, Clinique and Lancôme should be rolling them into all of our stores with various expressions that make sense to the store from -- could be a full boutique as we know it today with labor or could be a gondola run, a wall presentation. So we're working with our brand partners to really optimize the best way to do that for both us and for them. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, and today is not the day I'm going to get into details on this, but I can assure you that we've studied this intensely for a long period of time deeply. And that includes case studies around success and failure. So I think we're fully aware and trying to take into consideration everything that we know and have learned and take it, like I said in the script, sort of start small but be prepared to scale aggressively if we see success, so I appreciate the comment. Understand that fully, but all those things are things we'll talk more about as we get further down the pike. 
Mary Dillon: I'd just like to close by thanking all of the Ulta Beauty associates for a strong start to the year and delivering solid financial results and operational excellence across the enterprise while everybody's been working very hard to also lay the foundation to realize our many future growth opportunities. So we look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you. 
Scott Settersten: No. You got the message that, that was the signal we were -- we intended to send for folks without being too literal about things. There's still a fair amount of investment that's embedded. I guess I would just back up and say that the gross margin leverage you saw in the first quarter, I think, directionally is what you can -- how you can think about it for the rest of the year. But there is a fair amount of investment that -- in the plan, all the things we started last year around innovation and personalization that we accelerated last year. We won't start lapping that until the back half of 2019. And then we have some incremental things that we kicked off this year, most notably the Canada thing that we just announced here recently. So there is a fair amount of corporate overhead deleverage that's coming in, in the second and third quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I can take a swing at last year's second quarter. And just it's a -- it's part of the cycle of the business, I would say. Second quarter's just been a little bit tougher for us the last few years. The 21 Days Of Beauty phenomena, I guess, is probably what's driving the first quarter, and then we do it again in the fall and that's really a great event for us that drives healthy business in a lot of -- in a variety of ways. So it's probably really just the impact of that. And as far as margins and business overall results versus the forecast, we're very happy with gross margin leverage that we had in the first quarter. I mean I would say we're right on target. Coming through the first quarter, we had a similar conversation with the Board earlier this week. We're right on plan, kind of right where we thought we would be. The leverage on the gross margin line is where we thought we would be and then the investment cycle here. So again, heavier maybe than what some of you were modeling or were expecting, but kind of right in line where we thought we'd be at this point in the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I would attribute that primarily to the investment notion that we've been talking about, Canada kind of plays heavily into that. So there's a lot of things coming around systems, upgrades and things like that and a lot of that is expense-related. I'm not sure if you're familiar with the way some of the new pricing is working with SaaS solutions and things like that, so it's more of an immediate hit and there's more of that back-half weighted. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I don't know that we could say anything specific on the 70% to 80% range modification, but we didn't really see anything in new store productivity. I mean it may be a function of a fewer less stores right open in the first quarter this year. I think it was 22 versus 34 last year. We look at the comp waterfall. We look at historical basis of the whole fleet every quarter in detail, something we keep a close eye on. We didn't really see anything, any material changes overall in the business.  New stores, I think Mary pointed out in her remarks, we're happy with productivity there and how they've come out of the gate so far this year, and so we're still very confident in our 1,500 to 1,700 range in new stores in the U.S. over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, and then specifically on the question, so that was our Phoenix DC and that's behind us now. That was completed early part of the first quarter of 2019. And I'll just give you a little color, so we're not quite lapping Fresno opened last year, right, so there is some moderate deleverage in the first quarter for Fresno that kind of moderates here once we lap that in the second quarter. And so second and third quarter pretty flat, I guess, I would say, overall in supply chain. And then fourth quarter, a bit of deleverage with -- as we stand up the FCC for Romeoville here and then are deeper into the planning stages for Jacksonville, which is coming early part of next year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so I can start on that one. So the refresh, I think they'll go on throughout the course of the year. It's really just kind of getting off the mark in the first quarter, Steve, so percentage-wise, I'd say, somewhere in the 10%, 20% range of the total 270 we have planned for the year, was completed in the early part of the year. So the best is yet to come, so to speak, and impacts from that. And then overall, the assortment in the store, so again, it's more of those, I guess, we call them, growth brands in the script today, but have historically referred to them as the iconic brands, right? So again, those will go in stores. Those will be the biggest newness as part of the refresh program. And again, those will go in a variety of presentations, right, not the historical boutique square footage allocation that you're familiar with but in a number of endcaps, in line runs and things like that across those 270 stores. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so a lot of the headwinds or crosswinds that we talked about with channel in category and brand mixes, I mean those are in the first quarter. We've talked about that historically that we expect those, we anticipated that and that we were still planning through and again, [ you got G ] this quarter, to be able to mitigate much of that and just running our business smarter, so that's what you see in the gross profit leverage in the first quarter, and we feel good about where we are and plan to see more of that as we move into the future. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so I guess we'd kind of walking a bit of a tight rope here. We'll try not to give -- be too specific on guidance by quarter, right, for the rest of the year. We're trying to move away from that a little bit. I would say we got better traction on the reflows, so again we're pointing at the EFG and being smarter about the reflows that we rolled out here in the first quarter. They just -- they took off faster, right, than maybe we would have anticipated, so that's great news. And again, directionally, as you're thinking about the rest of the year, I mean gross margin leverage directionally should be consistent with what you saw in the first quarter, and actually, we might get a little -- a bit stronger in the second half of the year as more of the EFG initiatives are scaled up across the business. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. No, I mean we're kind of right on track with where we thought we would be overall, again, kind of rolling back to Analyst Day and we talked about the various buckets, the major pieces being procurement and real estate and around our core merchandising, inventory management practices. So really, it's the core processes, again, probably not the easiest or the sexiest to talk about and describe to people. But what we saw in the first quarter, so again, EFG takes many forms and shapes as we think about it across the business. But in the first quarter, and one that we're really counting on is making smarter merchandising decisions. So it's executing -- first of all, determining what brands, what the space allocation is, what the profit profiles are on those brands and making sure we're driving good economic outcomes for the business overall, making sure that it's balanced right with other challenges and opportunities we have across the assortment, and then executing that. So we call -- talk about transitions, making sure we got the teams ready, we got the right labor, we got the right products and marketing and all the other things that go along with that at the right place at the right time and just making sure we're taking out as many inefficiencies out of that process as we can. So I mean that was the big driver in first quarter. And all of that kind of activity is something that's a long-term driver for the business because we do a lot of this day in and day out in our business. 
Scott Settersten: That's fair observation overall. Again, we try to give you a little bit of color on the ins and the outs and the deleverage points as we go through the year. Maybe I can just give a little more color on that, right? So on the gross margin line besides the great positive outcomes on merchandise margin, we also last year, started doing some clearance activity. You'll remember that, it started late in the first quarter and ran pretty heavy through the second and third quarters. And again, we're not expecting to repeat that this year, so that will be helpful.  Fixed door cost leverage, I think, was stronger in the first quarter this year than it was a year ago. And again, the store sequencing, right, the cadence this year is a little bit different, so just keep that in mind as you're looking at the rest of the year. It's helpful in the first half of the year, less so in the back half of the year, as we put more stores in line in the third quarter this year.  Salon is kind of a headwind all year, heavier in the first part of the year as we roll out services optimization, but then we expect to get traction, and we're going to drive sales and productivity in the stores in the second half and I think I already described supply chain and how we see that kind of playing out through the rest of the year. So again, I would just maybe clarify for folks, we're really happy with the gross margin leverage, but a lot of that's driven by investments in the SG&A line, right. So there is people, there is process, there is tools, there is D&A that goes along with that to help drive productivity improvement in our stores. But again, over the long term, we expect that to pay for itself, right, and that SG&A deleverage will moderate over time. 
David Kimbell: I'll just say, as we look at the total prestige makeup business, many of the things that Mary talked about are critical to us compensating for some continued struggles that the bigger brands that have been in our store for a while are going through. So continuing to focus on digitally native brands, but driving exclusivity with both new brands and existing brands, such as Tarte, Double Duty Beauty and Too Faced, with Tutti Frutti and other elements like that. On the existing brands, yes, we -- they are going through many of them, as Mary said, not all of them, but many of them, and including some of the biggest brands that had been driving growth over some time at Ulta are continuing to struggle.  There's a transformation in the makeup business right now. The category remains healthy, but there's a shift in consumer preference on brands. What we know about these brands though is there are equities in all of our studies and understanding remain strong and healthy, that we're confident in the teams that are driving these businesses. They're focused on driving innovation and adjusting to evolving market conditions. We do have visibility to their innovation throughout the rest of this year and even into the first part of next year. And then we see some positive things, but time will tell on some of these. So we're not -- as we look forward on our business, we're not anticipating these -- some of the big brands that have been a drain turning around immediately, but we're confident over time that these brands will regain their fitting -- footing and get back to growth. 
David Kimbell: And on wellness, yes, the broader idea of wellness or clean, we're seeing the positive effect of that really across the entire store. Most categories are benefiting from a elevated engagement from consumers, elevated awareness. So we're seeing brands, organic, natural, gluten-free, vegan, cruelty-free, ethically traded all across the board, a number of brands that either have had those attributes for a long time or are newly created brands that are focused on clean or natural wellness beauty are driving a lot of growth. But in some of the brands that where we see benefiting from that, Tarte certainly has been a leader in that they have launched new brands, much of which are new sub lines, many of which are exclusive to Ulta, that's been driving growth, bareMinerals, Origins, Juice Beauty, Peter Thomas Roth, and a number of new brands. We launched an endcap in a few hundred doors in Q1 of vegan impact -- endcap that featured a number of brands that are 100% vegan, 100% cruelty-free, and we plan to expand that to more doors throughout the year based on the success. We have a wellness section in the bath category that's in about 350 doors, that we'll plan to roll out to more doors throughout the year. Mary highlighted some of the brands that are part of that. And in our broader communication to our guests through all vehicles, our magazines, our social media, digital efforts, our app highlighting wellness and clean brands and some of the efforts that we're bringing into that space and it's being received very well. So definitely a strong trend across all categories and one that we see driving growth for some time to come. 
David Kimbell: We'd -- well, I'd answer that in a few ways. One, we are definitely seeing strong growth across skincare. Our mass cosmetics business is healthy. And even with, though -- but even with the struggles that we've had on some of the brands in prestige cosmetics, we're still growing in prestige cosmetics. That business is still positive comping even though some big brands have been a challenge for us. So we're still attracting new consumers in that. In some cases, there are big existing brands that we've launched exclusive lines such as Tarte and Too Faced, new brands that are coming in, attracting new guest, brands like Beauty Bakerie, Kylie and others, so we're definitely still seeing a healthy consumer engagement in prestige. It just isn't growing at the level that we had seen in the past and that we think it can grow in the future.  But having said that, there's -- we're really pleased with the overall consumer engagements. One of our best opportunities to continue to gain wallet share to gain spend per member is to get our guest to shop in multiple categories across the store. It's a big focus for us. And you mentioned our analytic and CRM capabilities, as we advance our personalization and AI efforts, a big focus for us will be to help our guests migrate into different categories, still keep them engaged in, say, prestige cosmetics, but if they're not shopping in skin or in hair or in bath or fragrance to help them see other parts of the store. That has been working. We're having a lot of success with that and that will be a focus for us going forward. 
David Kimbell: I'll just add one more example of the type of impact that our advancements in this area can have on the business and that's around our new member onboarding and we're actively testing and experimenting with different programs to take the millions of new guests that we've been acquiring every year and making sure they stay engaged with us. We have a high retention rate to begin with, but we think it could be higher. So it's a good example by exploring a lot of different communication techniques, programs, offers to new guests and then leveraging our AI capabilities, we're already seeing positive response in doing that. And we think over time, it will take a little time, but we'll just get smarter and smarter and smarter through the capabilities that we have. So as Mary said, it will take time, but it's exciting frontier for us for sure. 
