David Kimbell: Yes, this is Dave Kimbell. We absolutely see a lot of cross purchase activity within our membership database, between the website and our stores. I don't think we're prepared to share specific details around some of the specific questions that you have, but it is -- as our e-commerce capability has grown over the last 18 months and become a bigger part of our business, one of the things that we're particularly excited about is our ability to reach her where and when she wants to shop with us. So importantly, our members are finding that to be very -- a very convenient way for them to shop. So they're visiting both stores and e-commerce, and that's certainly something that we're encouraging as we continue to leverage e-commerce as a way to drive customers back into our stores. 
David Kimbell: Yes, yes. Absolutely. We're continuing to expand our capabilities. So as you're probably aware, last year, late last year, we launched our new site that has been performing very well and is one of the drivers of our success. And we continue to add new capabilities. I think a couple of things that Mary referred to earlier: brand stores with a new capability in partnership with some of the key brands; we have a new feature around Ask Ulta, where customers can engage with us and ask specific questions around products or beauty tips; and then we continued to expand our capabilities. We've got, as Mary mentioned, our inventory availability online, both on our site and then within Google, which is -- we found to be a great convenience for our customers in Q1. We've had about 0.25 million views of inventory on our site, and that's important not only to connect with our customers today but to set ourselves up for future omnichannel capabilities. We've built in some live chat capabilities, we've redesigned our loyalty and guest services. So there’s a variety of things as we continue to build our web and digital experience that we think will be critical to continue the strong growth that we've had in that space. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Absolutely, it's a big opportunity for us. I'd say you're right in general, that the e-com has -- there's opportunity for us to continue to grow that. I think we're pleased with, really, all measures within our e-commerce business right now: traffic, conversion and average order. But as we get smarter with our cadence of promotion and communication on the web, we think we'll have opportunity to continue to drive that. And so much of that will be driven by our deeper understanding of our customers and targeting message and communication through some of the new capabilities I talked about within our website. So yes, we do have opportunity to continue to grow average order in our e-commerce. We've made progress on that over the last several quarters as we've launched our new site and continue to see opportunity there. 
Scott Settersten: No, Aram. I wouldn't say there's anything specific that we're doing any differently to drive new store productivity. I think we're just seeing a natural maturation of the stores we've put in place over the last 2 years. Notably, we observed that first quarter this year, the stores coming out of the gate, the 21 new stores in the first quarter, were just exceptionally strong. So nothing special that we're doing, other than our normal great day-to-day activities to support new store openings. 
Scott Settersten: I would -- my response to that would be partially offset. And I think we've shared that with many, many investors that we've talked to over the course of the last year. We still believe that a mid-teens operating margin target is a reasonable one for ULTA and one we feel capable of achieving over the longer term. Again, we've got some investments that we're making in the near term, notably in supply chain, e-commerce, cycling our hypergrowth new store program here over the course of the last couple of years. We feel like once we get through that, we're going to see benefits coming from those investments. And we're also going to see continued mix up in the prestige part of our business, which we think will drive improved operating margins over the long term. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. There hasn't been any change in the core model and what we see the performance of those new stores compared to what we share in our standard kind of investor deck. So no, new stores still very productive, in line with our expectations. And the stores that are beyond 5 years old, again, in a healthy comp environment, they're additive to the comp. They're all comping in very healthy low- to mid-single digit range. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. It was virtually 0 in Q1, to answer the question directly. And it's all back-half loaded to 2014, I would say. Directionally, it’s heaviest in Q3. That's where we're really going to be able to get some actions in place. And then it'll continue on into the fourth quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, that's correct. 1.2%, actually, right. So it's a 200 basis points improvement from what we saw in the fourth quarter. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I wouldn't say there's any one particular thing, as Mary mentioned. The way we've seen it and measured it, it looks like it's a combination of things, right. So it's some of the great new products we introduced in the first quarter, whether it's expanding Urban Decay or IT Cosmetics and adding to what we offer in the box, continuing to improve our marketing and merchandising inside the stores. We expect to -- we expect that the back half of the year will have some easier compares. So we would expect the transaction trend being positive to continue through the rest of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, that's fair. I mean, again, the retail product margins, as we define, which is 90% of the business, I mean, we are very healthy. Mary mentioned a slight pullback on some of the promotional level there, so it helped us be able to maintain margin rate on that. But it's just some of the other mix items that we saw during the first quarter. And again, we see a number of those things being able to either mitigate or moderate as we get further into the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Sorry, Ike, we're not getting into that level of detail on guidance any longer. So we kind of stopped doing that when we kicked off 2014. So... 
Scott Settersten: Well, I -- directionally, the loyalty headwind is going to be with us for the rest of the year. E-commerce, we would expect that to moderate because we're going to continue to expand our assortment there, and the business continues to scale. So we would expect some moderation there. And then on the product mix, again, directionally, we expect that to improve as we get deeper into the year because we do have some nice newness in the Q, which is going to be rate accretive to us in the back half. So... 
Scott Settersten: Yes. Again, our new store model is intact. New stores are performing as expected. And again, it's a healthy comp increase year-over-year. And as we would expect, those older stores are contributing to the comp increases. So we're seeing healthy, low digit into the mid-digit kind of comp year-over-year in some of those more mature stores. So very happy with the productivity of those stores right now. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, Joe. I don't think I'm prepared to go all the way out there with you on that line of questioning. But I would clarify on the gross profit line. We did mention product margins. So retail product margins we expect to be slightly up year-over-year for full 2014. But that's going to be offset somewhat by some of the investment headwinds that will go through that line, most notably fixed or product deleverage for the full year. So gross profit may be slightly up for the year, but in the flat to slightly up kind of area, I would say. And that $0.10 worth of SG&A, you're right. That's where it goes. That's where the test-and-learn is. It's hard to say right now how that's going to play out. We want to see what the results are and then take actions from there on what we want to invest in, in the future or what path we'd like to follow. So... 
Scott Settersten: No. We're just -- we're looking -- the glass is half full, right. We're looking at business. We're just coming out of a great first quarter where our guidance, especially in the comp line, was a little ahead of our full year guidance targets. And again, we're doing the same with the second quarter because sales are strong. We're seeing good strength in some of the newness that we're introducing to our guests. So we just want people to realize that if things continue on the plane that we're on today, we would expect to see some upside as we go through the year. 
Scott Settersten: We would expect -- again, big picture, we are focused on trying to have a nice, healthy balance between ticket and traffic driving our business. So we see -- ticket, recently over the last 3 or 4 quarters, has been a heavier contributor to the comp. We're starting to see now transactions, right, where traffic -- we're trying to get back and balance here, and we would expect that phenomena to occur as we get through the rest of 2014. We think we're on track to have more normalized and a better balance between the 2 comprising our total. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, Jason. We discuss uses of cash and capital allocation with our board on a regular basis. Right now, our current -- our best thinking is the best investment is to continue to drive organic growth in the business. So we're investing in new stores, we're expanding our supply chain capabilities and driving our e-commerce growth as best we can, so we're assessing capital allocation as part of the long-term strategy work that we're doing as a group. We will be able to give you more color on our plans for the future and long term when we meet with you in the fall. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I don't -- not on the loyalty side of things. But generally speaking, a bricks and mortar transaction is, round numbers, call it, $35 a ring normally. And e-commerce is north of $50, and a lot of that is the free shipping offers and things like that, which generally tend to drive up average order value. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. A new quarter, a new set of challenges, right, and opportunities to manage. So I was hoping I would never have to talk about one quarter last year, the GWP thing again, but thanks. Thanks for reminding me, Jill. I would just reiterate what I said previously, which is the core retail product margins that we see in the business, which again is 90% plus of our business, is in really good shape. And part of it is our ability to kind of slightly back off on promotional level, as well as continue to improve the mix of the overall box, with adding additional prestige kinds of brands and items to our mix overall. So that's a great thing for the business. I did mention that loyalty, we -- there's a bit of a rate hit that we take on that, and I would expect that to continue for the rest of the year. And again, that's a long-term -- good for Ulta. Loyalty is one of our best, biggest, most important assets that we have. E-commerce, we've talked about that for the last year or so. I mean, that's the nature of that business. We continue to build the assortment out there. We'll continue to do that throughout 2014, and we expect the rate to improve there in the long term, with better assortment and more scale to that business to help cover some of the investment spending we had to do. And then lastly, the product mix, the shifts we saw in prestige, we expect that to moderate as we get deeper into the year. And again, I'd just say again, we've got some nice things in the Q. I'm looking at Janet, my merchant partner here. We've got some great things in the Q for the back half of the year that we expect to help margin rates. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, we -- that's another thing we've kind of grappled with for the last year or so. I mean, we've made some important investments in inventory, both to help general in-stock levels in the stores. And then with the boutiques, we've made some significant inventory investments as well. Those have been good for the business, good, long-term investments for us. We've kind of cycled all that now, and so we feel like we're in a really good position. And we expect the per-door inventory increases to be well below the comp increases for the year. 
Scott Settersten: We haven't seen any shift really in the total box shop, so to speak. So we still – customers, she's coming into shop prestige. That's what's drawing her into the store. But we also know, when she checks out, there's still mass items in her basket. She's cross shopping the store, and that's really one of the secrets to Ulta's success, is we can capture both parts of her shopping trip. 
Mary Dillon: Gary, it's Mary. Thank you. I'd say there were several factors that we believe drove the transactions, and we're encouraged to see that improvement. Over the long term, we're going to want to continue to have that kind of balance. But it's really a combination of things. It's probably hard to parse out just one thing. But certainly, rolling out the loyalty program is part of it. But we also have had some great newness in brands that we talked about, like IT and Mally; space expansion; more compelling marketing and merchandising, I'd say, overall in our materials, in-store and online. So really, a combination of those things altogether, we believe, is what drove that to happen. 
Mary Dillon: Oliver, thank you. First of all on the gross profit margin, let me just start at a high level. As Scott described, there's a few different items that drove some margin deleverage in the quarter, and some of those headwinds will continue for the year. But we do expect to see modest improvement for the full year. And really, it's a couple of things, one is a newness that we have in the pipeline and also as we continue to evolve our promotional strategy and pull back on some discounts carefully, we think that those 2 things alone will help us. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. You know what? I think we're trying to really drive a healthy balance of all that over time. So some of the test-and-learn programs that we're doing this year are really trying to see how we can lever that sales equation even further. So we're looking at it across the board. So part of this is obviously, first and foremost, getting new guests to Ulta and then having our current guests come more often, shop more often. So whether she's buying more units per transaction or higher-priced items in her basket, all of those are, frankly, good levers for us to explore, that we think are all going to be part of our future growth. 
Mary Dillon: Well, I can't preview Investor Day, but what I can tell you is that -- and consistently, we've said that, and we know from a data perspective, that awareness of Ulta just as a retailer is lower than really it can be. So it starts with just getting more guests at our -- in our sort of sweet spot of our target to become aware of Ulta and then to become aware of what we're about. So part -- really this -- the long-term work that we're doing is really about how do we -- I guess you can almost call it relaunch the brand to people who maybe have not been in an Ulta for a long time or maybe never been in an Ulta or don't really what we're like right now versus what we were, perhaps, a long time ago. So we think there's a lot of opportunity there, and it starts with awareness, clarity of what we stand for, and then it's about continuing to do what we do really well, which is offer her a differentiated experience in the store, most importantly, with an array of great products and services that she can only get at Ulta. So it's really all those things together. So I can't prioritize only one, because they're all, I think, exciting opportunities for us. 
Mary Dillon: Matt, what I would say is that prestige is a pretty big category, right? So there's a lot of different brands that we have that are in the price that we call Prestige, and some of them have -- they have different margins. All of them are good, strong margin and good, high price points, right? But within that, there are certain brands that are somewhat higher or lower. So it's really just about that. It's a little bit of a shift within that. As we look at our pipeline for the rest of the year and what we expect in terms of newness, we believe that will moderate and shift to positive. 
Mary Dillon: Well, you know what? Part of -- we actually slightly pulled back on our promotions versus a year ago. I wouldn't say it's so significant that it's super meaningful yet, but it’s a trend that we are encouraged by because strategically, we think it's important. And one of the things -- I believe that it's just a sort of, "walk before you run," and something like this, right. So value is important to our guests, and we need to make sure that we offer value. But we have done some things to sort of modify our mix and our offer strategy. Dave talked about our CRM platform. We're leveraging that to deliver more relevant offers. We're expanding our digital reach to drive awareness. And yes, I would say that we're balancing the  value equation with offers that are more relevant, more personalized, perhaps even a more emotional connection, you might say, to our guests. So we are making some changes there that are having an improvement in terms of our promotion level. It's going to be difficult for analysts, I think, to track that going forward. Because as we get more segmented and more personalized, it won't be as obvious to everybody what we're doing, because we won't be doing the same offers to everybody. But we're encouraged by that. And again, that's an important part of how we think about the long term for the business. 
Mary Dillon: Right. Well, I feel good about where we are, and I feel good -- I really believe that every day, we're raising our game as it relates to our ability to be more fine-tuned with our promotions and, as you said, use that to drive more incremental, profitable sales. That's the ultimate game here. So really, as I look at our full year, it's still early in the year. And we are -- we feel it's prudent to hold where we are until we get deeper into the year. To your point, we don't really know what holiday holds. But I do think that I feel good about where we are and that we are going to continue to raise our game. If our sales momentum continues and if our upcoming newness performs better-than-expected, we could see some upside. 
Mary Dillon: Well, certainly, the fourth quarter of last year was really promotional as we saw across all retail, right. So in gift-giving categories that we might compete with -- we compete with everybody at the time of the year, right, so even with -- outside of beauty, we also had a very promotional quarter. This year, I would say that within beauty, I would say it's not necessarily less promotional. And this is a very competitive environment, as you know, and everybody's fighting for share. We've gotten, I think, better every day as it relates to how we do our promotions and how we target them and use them to get our guests to come in and buy more often and buy it with less discount. So I think -- certainly, I would say the broader promotional environment, less intense, but within beauty, pretty, pretty competitive. 
Mary Dillon: Well, let me say one thing, which is the big part of this test-and-learn that we’ve referenced. And we'll be running some of these awareness and new guest acquisition tests as we get further into the year. The whole goal of that is to drive new guest acquisition, but do it in different ways, right. So right now, we've got a great 13 million-plus people in our loyalty program, and that's a strong program. It's driving the majority of our sales, which is great. We think there's opportunity to have a lot more people as loyalty members to ULTA in the future, right? And so to do that, you have to actually make sure that you're communicating in effective and efficient ways to get people's attention and to get them aware of Ulta, right. So that's why we're doing those tests, is to see, is there an opportunity for us, which we believe there is, to drive new guest acquisition through a range of tactics from traditional media to social media, in search optimization. So there's plenty of ways for us to do that. And we think that's going to be the big learning for us this summer and into the fall, that we can then leverage as we look forward. 
Mary Dillon: Right. David, well, first of all, I have to keep it at a pretty high level because we're still in the planning phases, and we haven't really publicly communicated a lot about this yet. But I'll say -- we're all very excited about the opportunity. It's really an opportunity to go into -- right now, I'd say, just consider them smaller markets, similar -- sort of, in some ways, to where we operate today, but just smaller markets with less dense populations. The stores will be 5,000-square-foot stores. We think about it as really bringing the Ulta experience into a market where, frankly, we think, our women targets are going to be very excited, our women -- future guests are going to be very excited about having an Ulta experience. So it'll be curated down certainly. We -- less space. But we'll have a salon in every store. We'll have a mix of products similar to what we have today in every store. It gives us an opportunity to experiment a little bit with fixtures and lighting and things like that, but most importantly will be for us to learn about the economics. We feel like we're very confident the economics will be strong and good, but we need to learn that. We also need to learn about labor model and service model. So more to come on that. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I don't know if I want to disclose where they are exactly yet. But yes, similar real estate strategy to today. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, too early to tell would be a good way. I mean, it's really something -- we've modeled it certainly as not -- we see that it looks like it'll be quite accretive, I guess, I'd say. We see it as an incremental opportunity to our real estate strategy and overall business strategy. So part of what we're defining in our 5-year plan is -- through these tests is what is that potential. 
Mary Dillon: Well, that's exactly why we're I would say walk before you run in this kind of thing. And so far, I think it looks very encouraging. Again, value is part of the question that guests have come to expect from Ulta. It's really across a lot of different dimensions, gift with purchases, free samples, beauty steals, and then of course our loyalty program. And then there's discounts like coupons and postcards. So as we're pulling those apart and we're doing some analytical work to pull it apart, as well as just experimentation, I really very much believe, and the early data would suggest, that we are not -- we don't have guests that are overly reliant. There may be a segment that is like that. That's probably true for every business. But for the most part, we are confident that as we understand her better and we personalize offers to her more, and we bring in the things that she is excited about trying and buying, that there is a lot of runway there. 
Mary Dillon: Right. And the only thing I would add is it's not only about shifting more of the mix to prestige. It's also about more units per transaction for our guests. We have a lot of items in the store, plenty of opportunities for her to pick up more in her basket every time she shops. So we think we can drive that balance over time. 
Mary Dillon: Right. Well, we're early on in the test-and-learn on those. So we're doing a couple of things. One is just increasing moderately our overall base level of training for our associates. But really, as we look at the test-and-learn, it's really about how -- learning about if we were to ramp it up even further and frankly have more guest spacing time, even more knowledge to our associates, maybe through technology. And we -- the key measures, of course, will be, does that drive incremental, profitable growth? So we have to measure that over some period of time. But we're pretty confident that while our guest does not want to be -- she sometimes doesn't want some help and other times she does, we believe we know the right way to do that. But we believe that for many of our guests with more knowledge, more recommendations from our associates, she may increase the units per transaction, and we'll measure that closely and make sure that, that kind of investment would work over time. Having said that, a lot of our supply chain investments will also, we hope over time, allow our associates to have more customer-facing time. So without incremental investments, we believe that's also going to be one of the ways that we can drive growth. 
Mary Dillon: In closing, I'd like to thank all of our ULTA beauty associates who delivered a great quarter while working to refine our strategy to drive sustainable, long-term growth. And thanks to all of you for your interest in ULTA Beauty. I look forward to speaking with you soon. 
