Mary Dillon: Thank you, Scott. Before we begin the Q&A session, I'd just like to take a step back to recap our perspective on the quarter, our current challenges and the strength of our differentiated business model.  While the second quarter results were solid, as Scott said, we've updated our guidance to reflect our best assessment of second half performance based on our expectations for the U.S. makeup category. We are doing our level best to both set realistic short-term expectations and ensure that we work with our brand partners to stabilize and then grow the important color cosmetics category. I am confident we can do that.  Our unique business model, representing all of the major categories of beauty, a range of price points and access to many exclusive and digitally native brands, is enabling us to drive growth and market share gains in spite of headwinds in our largest category.  We've expanded our gross profit margin, increased our brand awareness, driven traffic growth, expanded our loyalty program and exceeded new store performance targets. We are relevant to a large and diverse set of beauty enthusiasts, and we're focused on attracting growing demographic groups like teens, millennials, Latinas who all over-index in beauty. We have a powerful and increasingly personalized loyalty program with strong guest engagement. We're also driving strong momentum in our salon business based on our actions to optimize the experience. And I'm proud that we have a team that continues to deliver operational excellence and exceptional guest experiences every day.  That said, we are not immune to macro cycles like what we're currently seeing in the makeup category, but I am optimistic and committed to ensure that we'll move through these near term headwinds. And I believe we have the right strategy, the right business model and the right team to continue to grow and win over the long term.  And now I'll turn it over to our conference call host to moderate the Q&A session. 
Mary Dillon: Okay. So I'd step back and say -- and I want to be really clear, we're really no less confident about the attractiveness of our business model, our growth potential. We do see the current dynamics as a speed bump. Certainly, it's a speedy speed bump up, right? But we're confident cosmetics category will return -- will continue to return to growth. The timing is a little unpredictable.  But there's been in the past, cycles that affect different categories, and makeup was very strong for many years, and it's going through a tough cycle. But as we look at demographic trends, as we look at engagement in makeup, as we look at the white space that we believe exists, and I know our brand partners' commitment to getting this back to growth, we feel that we still stand by that guidance.  I'd say we're not -- today, we're not talking about a long-term outlook. Now it's prudent for us to plan in the near term for this potentially lower growth environment, and we're thinking about that. But we have not changed our optimistic views of the future.  On the promotional end, I mean holiday is always a promote -- a highly coveted time for everybody to get traffic into their stores. So Scott talked about promotion. I'd say, the good news is we have a lot of levers that we have, and we use those levers at different times. As everybody, I think, understands we've gone to much more targeted types of promotions over the years versus more broad-based. And with our loyalty program being kind of the core of what we do, it's going to be, I think, a competitive second half because everybody who's in beauty would be facing these same headwinds. So we feel we are well set up for holiday.  Obviously, that's a key focus area for us. But we're going to continue to I guess, I'd say, drive traffic, make sure that we capture guests into our loyalty program and not cede that to competitors at a time that will be competitive. But at the same token, I think again we're pretty smart about how we use the levers, and we have more efficient levers than ever. 
Mary Dillon: And I think I would just add that I think you might have inferred in your question about did it affect channels differently, and I'd say no. Obviously, e-commerce is growing faster than stores. It has been for a while, but that channel is equally affected by the headwind. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. Do you want me to start with that one, Simeon? Yes, I don't exactly have a crystal ball on this because there's a lot of moving parts in different brands that participate. I can tell you everybody is focused on this. North America, makeup market's important for everybody, and it needs to improve. I'd say it's going to take some time because part of the -- what we think is driving it is the innovation, while good and exciting innovation -- good innovation hasn't really driven incrementality.  I mentioned this in the script, some previous forms of innovation that would be like, oh, I'm going to contour. I need 3 products for that, right? I'm going to do my brows now with 2 products. So what we're focused on is pivoting to white space that will drive incremental and exciting-type innovation, and that doesn't happen overnight. And frankly I'd say, it takes a while to assess incrementality. So it wasn't obvious probably until recently that some of that innovation, you have to go through a trial repeat cycle to see if they're going to be incremental.  So categories pivot in certain ways. We're very focused on that with our brand partners. And I don't have exactly a time frame, but I think it's going to take some time to work through it. But I feel that by second half 2020, at least, we should be in a better place. But again, I'm not holding to that. I hope it's sooner, but I think it does take some time to cycle through. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I mean I'd say the first part of your question is just that it has been the category data that we have access to sounds like more recent than what you would see has shown more recent deceleration, I guess. So that's sort of part of why the shift and more dramatic change.  Again, we just try to call -- kind of we take multiple views of how we build up our volume forecast. And so our Q4 is a combination of all the things, thinking about category trends not necessarily dramatically improving, but thinking about what we have coming and giving our best shot at both Q3, Q4 cadence of promotional events and launches. 
Mary Dillon: Well, if I had the answer to that, I would have fixed it already. I mean honestly, I think it's a combination of factors. And you're right. I mean I'd say our business model, we're proud about the fact that we can flex across categories in order to drive market share growth and carry a lot of fantastic exclusive brands.  But as we look at it, it's a combination, we think, of just innovation not really -- the cycle of innovation that we're in right now doesn't compare to what we've seen a few years ago. And it's easy to say that now. It's hard to know it prospectively that, that's going to be the case, right? So we think it's a combination of what are -- we bet on and what our brand partners have bet on just wasn't driving that kind of incrementality that we've seen in the past. So that's at the highest level, probably the biggest factor. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I'd say that we are expecting continued similar share gains for the rest of the year, is probably the easiest way to put it. 
Mary Dillon: I wouldn't comment on that yet today. But still -- we still see plenty of share for us to gain that is out there in other channels, that we've been successfully with our business model attracting new guests and share. So we see that playing out for a while. 
Mary Dillon: I think it's really too soon to say that. I mean part of what we need to do is sort of work through this cycle. We've not put our plan for 2020 together yet. We still feel very confident about the business model, and we can make choices about ceasing of what we spend in terms of investment. We've been pretty aggressive, this goes back for a lot of investments this year, that are multiyear, important long-term investments for us.  And so as prudent planners, we would say, okay, if we want to plan for maybe a different comp cycle for part of the year, how do we then think about -- how do we stage the investments and deliver the appropriate return?  So I think it is -- I mean I think Scott said it well. This is not a time to have a knee-jerk reaction about the long-term prospects of the business. I don't believe that. But we're also being prudent in how we think about how we do this kind of planning and stage investments. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, I would just like to close by thanking our very hard-working more-than-44,000 associates for delivering another quarter of solid financial results and great guest experience every day. And we look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. 
David Kimbell: Right. On mass cosmetics, so as both Mary and Scott said, our mass business did perform somewhat better than our prestige business. In both categories, we gained share and we think we outperformed the total industry significantly, which allowed us to continue to grow our business.  In the mass side of the business, we probably had a bit more advancement in shifting our assortment away from brands -- broad brands into brands that are a bit more limited and exclusive distribution at Ulta Beauty. So our business has been stronger, but we believe in what we see in the marketplace that the mass total U.S. makeup -- mass makeup category is equally as challenged relative to prestige.  So we don't believe there's a shift between prestige and mass as much as an overall malaise driven by the innovation trends that Mary pointed out. We're confident that the innovation that we're bringing in both mass and prestige will allow us to continue to gain share, but the softness in the total cosmetic, both mass and prestige category, will provide these headwinds that we've described. 
David Kimbell: Yes. Well, we are already experiencing strong growth in skincare, both on the mass and prestige side of the business. And we've made moves to continue to emphasize that part of the business through both the brands that we've been bringing in and partnering with, with strong innovation that Mary described earlier, and further amplification within our -- both our store and our e-commerce and app business. So for sure, we've been emphasizing and driving that part of the business as well as the other categories that have been driving growth, hair and fragrance, our personal care appliances. So absolutely emphasizing that.  Having said that -- and we are always on the move -- on the effort to continue to try to optimize our assortment and look to lean into areas that are demonstrating the most growth.  Having said that, even though makeup is going through this tougher cycle, we still are confident in the long-term growth prospects of this category. So we're not anticipating a dramatic shift away long term from makeup. We'll continue to try to continue the strong share growth gains that we've had, bring new brands in, partner with our key brand partners to get those brands back on track because the demographic trends in makeup are still strong. Everything we're seeing around millennials and Gen Zs, Latinas, all the growth drivers, we're confident in.  We're working through this innovation cycle that Mary has described, but we believe we'll come out of that. And so we'll continue to maintain a strong makeup business, but absolutely emphasizing the growth categories like skin and others across our store. 
David Kimbell: Yes. It was primarily color that we're seeing this -- that as we've talked, there's been a disruption in the makeup category, a slowdown in the makeup category for a little while now. But in many measures and our tracking and view of the category, there was more disruption more recently over the last several weeks. 
David Kimbell: And on your second question about mass and prestige, just to reiterate, we are seeing in the total U.S. market weakness, softness in both mass and prestige. At Ulta Beauty, specifically we are gaining share in both categories due to the strategies and the brands that we've brought in and the focus we've had in that category. But as I've mentioned earlier, mass has performed better than prestige in the recent quarters as that business has been a bit stronger for us. 
Scott Settersten: We're happy overall with new store performance. I think we mentioned that in our prepared remarks. So we haven't seen anything in there that would give us any concern on the longer-term target of 1,500 to 1,700 stores.  The recent, over I would call, the rolling 12-month period, we saw new stores performing well in the low to mid-single digit kind of range, again, vis-à-vis what we saw high-single digits in the years where we were delivering double-digit comps. So they have moderated somewhat.  As we looked at Q2 in absolute terms, the comps in the older cohorts were lower. They were in the low -- very low single-digit range, as you would expect when you do the math on the overall comp makeup.  Again, when we look at cosmetics, color cosmetics overall, and what were -- the dynamics we're seeing in the industry, they effect all stores equally. There's nothing special that stands out with the new stores compared to some of the older stores in the fleet. So again, very happy overall, doesn't change our outlook on the long-term store build-out here in the U.S. 
Scott Settersten: And those who know us well understand makeup, right? It's a huge part of our business and it's very high margin for us. So when there's disruption there, it creates a lot of ripple effects across the business.  So we believe over the long term, there's still opportunity to expand operating margin, Simeon, through -- primarily through EFG initiatives that we've talked about before and the 4 work streams, along with scale over the long term.  It's just, we think it's too early to reconsider modifying our long-term guidance outlook in any significant way here. We need a little time to let things shake out a little bit, and of course, we're looking to manage our investments and expenses and everything here really closely, and assuming -- we're thinking about this actively. Assuming we're going to be in a lower growth environment here in the near term and adjust our priorities accordingly. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so maybe we'll start with the tariff question. So again, at this point for us, we've talked about this over the last few quarters, it's kind of difficult to predict what the impact is going to be in beauty products overall. Again, we're not seeing any significant step up in pricing, negotiations or issues with any of our vendors. We expect to be able to manage our way through that and navigate that as best we can. And so yes, we're managing that as best we can through supplier relationships today, and we would expect to continue overall.  As far as the comp stack year-over-year, I know we can look at 2 or 3 years in trends and what you would expect. That's not the environment we're in right now. I mean the disruption we're seeing in the prestige and color makeup overall is a step-change in the normal flow of the business year-to-year. And that's really what's driving our outlook. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess we can talk directionally for the back half of the year. I'm not going to -- we're not going to get into specifics quarter-by-quarter. We're trying to move away from that, Mark. I appreciate question.  So look, I think we stated in our comments that we still -- merchandise margin, right, we still expect to expand that. So that's the good news. Our EFG efforts are working. We're making progress on that. Unfortunately, it's going to be masked a little bit by the downward pressure we have in prestige, right, and the mix overall of the business.  So we're happy with margin expansion overall. Blended up for the back half of the year is what we expect to see. SG&A is heavier. I mean again, we pointed to these -- these are necessary long-term investments for the health of the business that we're not going to back away from right now with some knee-jerk reaction.  So again, SG&A deleverage is going to be heavier in the second half of the year than what we expected. I guess I would say there, it's probably a little heavier weighted to third quarter than it is fourth quarter because fourth quarter, we're kind of shut down and we're all on all-hands-on-deck for holiday.  So also, I would say third quarter maybe you're kind of at peak with fixed cost. While it's leveraging year-over-year, there's less of that in the third quarter because we're getting a fuller load of new store openings and things like that weighted towards the back half of the year this year. So that's probably about as much color as I want to give on specifically the quarters themselves. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. So the first part of the question I guess I would say to Mary's point she just made, the business has been very healthy for a long period of time. And we've been riding a wave, so to speak, on makeup, makeup in general, right, across both mass and prestige, which has allowed us the flexibility to be more aggressive on the investment front, right?  So there was a time before that phenomena where [indiscernible] operated very effectively and very well, performed -- produced some really great financial results on much lower comps. So we're no stranger to operating in a tougher, lower-growth kind of environment, and that's just the kinds of things that we're pivoting towards right now. So again, we don't have all the answers as we sit here today, but you can bet that we're actively managing with that thought in mind. 
