Scott Settersten: Yes, thanks for the question. I know this is a little complicated, so let's give you a couple of points of reference. So versus last year, what you guys may have been expecting or looking for in your models -- so benefits versus last year included lapping the hurricanes. Of course, we had to promote a lot last year to capture lost sales, right? We said I think it was about 100 basis points of comp of impact last year. And then stronger rent and occupancy leverage versus last year. So we're lapping over a number of what we'd call higher-cost stores, Manhattan and Michigan Avenue and a number of others that we installed last year. Those benefits were offset by salon optimization investments that we've been talking about all year. The Fresno DC, again, new in the second quarter. That's caused a bit of deleverage year-over-year. And then the mix things we've been talking about in the business, the prestige brand mix and then the e-commerce mix, all right? So that's versus last year. Versus our expectations, we called out transportation being 10 to 15 basis points at Analyst Day, so there's been some upward pressure there all year for us. On the sales mix side, Mary called out fragrance and mass doing really well in the third quarter. So again, fantastic market share gains, but those 2 categories do have slightly lower margins overall than the house. And then it was primarily we called out the clearance event. It was really the bigger surprise for us versus our plans. So like I said, we had to go longer and deeper to move those items out of the store. But it was the right thing for us to do, and we feel really good where we are prepared for holiday. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, so maybe I can start with the promotional environment. So again, we feel like it's relatively stable year-over-year as we look at things. So again, it seems like overall, there's a bit more buzz about things. And the competitive environment, this is a tough space. It always has been, and we expect it to continue to be. So as we're looking ahead now, specifically to the fourth quarter, we feel like we're in a pretty stable place overall. As far as the clearance event goes, not quantify it for you, but directionally, I would tell you it's primarily -- it's the biggest driver by far of the surprise versus where we thought we were headed for the third quarter. So we talk a lot about the boutique strategy and the remodeling efforts that have been underway here over the last 18 months really in an accelerated pace. So when we're updating those stores, one of the biggest changes is our fragrance fixtures. And we've really pared back the assortment there as we upgrade the fixturing and the presentation in the store. And it was -- there was a lot of excess fragrance that had built up in the system overall. And while we've been trying to, I'd say at the margins, kind of sell our way through that in clearance sections in our stores, it just got to the point where we thought we needed to be more aggressive and that's what we did. So we wanted -- it was playing its way through, and then in the third quarter, we just needed to put our foot on the accelerator to get it out of the stores. So again, overall, it was a little more expensive than we were hoping, but was the right tactic for the business. 
Scott Settersten: And I would just add, not to forget, fourth quarter is a different animal for us, right? This is a place where we compete with all the retail, not just the beauty competitors. So we go into the quarter, we think in a -- with prudent guidance, right, recognizing and feeling good about where our plan is, but just making sure that we don't get too far ahead of ourselves. 
Scott Settersten: Yes. And as far as margin for the fourth quarter, just a little bit of color on some of the levers there. So Fresno, less of a headwind in the fourth quarter as that building continues to scale up and, of course, higher volumes, overall. Rent and occupancy will -- lever will be stronger in the fourth quarter than it was in the third. Again, we had 42 new stores in the third quarter. We got half -- a dozen, I think, in the fourth quarter. So that will be better overall. We'll be lapping those stores again from last year that were in 2017, those higher-cost stores. So we'll see some nice benefits there. I mentioned earlier the promotional environment overall, we think, is pretty stable right now. So again, it's a competitive environment. Make no mistake about that, and holiday is more so than the rest of the year. So we're prepared for that, but that's baked into the plan. When you get down to the SG&A line, labor, so we'll see -- get leverage there, unlike earlier in the year. Again, you got higher volumes there that help with some of that. The mix assumptions are all baked in there now. Freight, we mentioned earlier today, that's in there. Although I will say there's been some upward surprises there as we've kind of marched through the course of the year. But again, that's not a major driver overall. So feel good about where we are and the plan we have in place for the rest of the year. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I mean we're keeping an eye on that. I mean, we did update our store model here at Analyst Day just a few weeks ago. So we are seeing stronger productivity there. And it's a mix of things, and Dave alluded to it earlier. Assortment's part of it, awareness is part of it, better guest experience in the store, the payroll investment we're making are a part of it. So again, it's kind of hard to break it down individual basis. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I think big picture, that's the answer. I mean, as we install these fixtures throughout the course of the year, right, we're kind of building to a crescendo here. And so you get maximum benefit from that in the fourth quarter when you got much larger sales volumes overall. So again, I would just remind people when we're talking about payroll deleverage, it is largely around investments that we're making for the guest experience, which a lot revolves around these boutique brands that we're installing in our stores. So all good for the long term, exactly the thing -- the way we think we should be playing it. 
Scott Settersten: Yes, I guess we're trying to avoid a detailed breakdowns of the comp by business unit here. But yes, we did. So I can confirm, we did say mid-30s for e-commerce in the third quarter. So again, it's just natural to kind of assume some moderation in that, again, when you do the adjustment for the 53rd week last year as part of the math as well. So again, we're off, we feel good about the plan overall. We think the guidance is strong. We feel like the business is well positioned. And so we just want to be a little bit prudent with what we're forecasting for the public at this point in time because there's a long way to go between now and Christmas, right? It's the longest period, right? Start to finish, I think, 31 days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So we're just playing it wisely, we believe. 
Scott Settersten: Well, let me start there first to be clear. So that clearance event is behind us now. So that was, Mary mentioned as well, we would call pretty extraordinary. So I think it was some catch up for us, right, to get through that. And we accelerated it in the third quarter so that we could clear out the backroom so we didn't have to struggle with it in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of off the table. Again, there's always a bit of clearance floating through the margin line, right, but not to the extent of what we just saw over the last 2 quarters. And then as far as the coupon is concerned, again, I tried to do this earlier in the year to tell people not to try so hard trying to track individual coupons that hit their e-mail box, right, because there's a lot of factors that influence how many times do we ping you, what you do with your open rates and redemption rates and all those kinds of things. So again, I would just reassure investors that we're pragmatic in our approach. We're doing the best that we can to deliver the best overall result for the quarter, and that includes promotion levels. 
Scott Settersten: Well, we feel great about our inventory position. So again, we alluded to, Mary did in her comments about the tools and process improvements and things that we're doing. Part of that is just improved capabilities in our distribution centers, part of it is behind the scenes investments in tools for our merchants and support teams here at the home office to help us just manage inventories better overall. So taking out excess weeks of supply in our supply chain network and reinvesting a lot of that into our best-selling [ schnooze, ] the As and Bs and making sure we're always in-stock on the things that our guests are looking to us for. So again, overall, managing it. And we're guiding to, again, our long-term guidance, 50 basis points of inventory productivity improvement here over the next 5 years. So this is -- we've been promising and talking about this for a long time now, I know. But now, you're starting to see the fruits of our labor manifest themselves, and we're really happy about where we are and what we have in front of us. 
Scott Settersten: Actually, that's probably the primary driver there. So again, the clearance event wasn't much of a sales help overall for the quarter. So yes, that would be something that I would attribute a good piece of that, too, as well. 
Scott Settersten: And as far as gross margins are concerned, I mean, Brian, you've been following us a long time. It's a very dynamic category. I mean, Dave described, I mean, a mix of products that come in and out of our box, and now, online, to a great degree. Every year is kind of like a new story, right? What's the hot product, what's the hot SKU, what's the newness look like? So again, we're not expecting -- we never have, I guess, really to expand "merchandise margins" in any significant way in the foreseeable future. I mean, we just -- we are looking for market share gains, profitable market share gains over the long term and finding products that excite our guests that drive traffic in our stores and online, and that's what we're focused on delivering. And then we've got -- so we've talked about EFG during the course of the year a little bit and more explicitly at the Analyst Day. So that's a lever for us, again, a back around a lot of our core processes and other places in the business where we feel like we've got good opportunities to find savings to mitigate some of those headwinds if they present themselves. So again, trying to balance all elements of the business to deliver those -- that long-term algorithm that we laid out clearly at Analyst Day. 
Scott Settersten: Our forecast, when we look at the business, when we lay out the days, when we look at what we're -- the events we're comping against and the newness that we have to drive our business, that's kind of -- to Mary's earlier point, we keep it current right up to the last minute here to make sure we get our best thinking when we put our guidance together. 
Scott Settersten: I appreciate your question, Michael, but we're not going to get into that today. So we're going to -- we'll lay out our plan for '19. Again, I think I explained at the Analyst Day that we're in the midst of our planning process here, there's still a long way for us to go and a lot of decisions to be made. So we'll share more with you on that in March. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. I mean -- Joe, it's Mary. I would say that we guided the best we can with the information that we have. I feel really good about what we have in place for holiday, whether it's like -- you mentioned the brand launches off to a strong start, our holiday marketing, our exclusives, our gift with purchase, they're all -- we're lined up really well, I'd say, to be competitive and have a strong quarter, but really, this is just our best estimate at this point. 
Mary Dillon: Sure, Anthony. And I won't say this is Mary because I bet you could guess this is Mary. But anyways, I'm going to start. I'll let -- ask Dave to add more color. I'll tell you, this is something that we've been at now for multiple years, right, just the opportunity to put the brand of Ulta Beauty on the map literally and figuratively. And that's driven by a whole lot of factors, and we've been measuring it. It's not even just about, do people know us, but is there a meaningful understanding of what we are about. And I do believe that this next level of creative that we've launched is going to deepen not just to people who know about Ulta Beauty, but do they understand what we stand for? But maybe you can add some color in terms of the tactics. 
Mary Dillon: Well, these are deep questions. I'll start, and just say a couple of things. Well, the store of the future, we talked a bit at the Analyst Day. It's early. And our thinking, we're not going to share a lot of the direction. I'd say, high level the notion of the ability to be very experiential and lead our guest where they are is going to be critical, we think, and important in the beauty category. We think Ulta Beauty will be able to do that, serve that need really well. But to your point -- and underpinning technology through everything we do. So these investments in these companies, we see as ways to drive a personalized experience across all touch points, and that would be an underpinning. I think, in the future, we would imagine not surprisingly, that there's less and less friction in the transaction happening in-store, right, more time -- less time tasking and checking out, and a lot more time spent consulting and just having fun with beauty. So we see them all as working together. And frankly, the place that we can play the best is to bring together ease and convenience with discovery and a true human experience that's both physical and emotional. And that -- and just kind of in a big picture ways how we think about our, not just store but experience in the future. 
Mary Dillon: So yes, on the third, I would say, just a combination of factors, but more about the fair number of remodels and expansions of brands that happened in the quarter and a lot of new brands coming in that just -- we make a call. Clearance is not something that's -- it's not like we never do this. This happens periodically. So in this instance, it was bigger, it was an opportunity, we thought, to really clear out inventory and get us set up for the holiday. It's not something that we expect to repeat at that scale in the fourth quarter for sure. But it's just one of those business calls that we made that we think were right for the business at the time. 
Mary Dillon: Yes. And I would just add, Erinn. I think that with the emerging brands, it's really across the board that we'll see innovation, right? So across categories and price points, not just mass. 
Mary Dillon: Sure. I'll start on the promotion question. I would reframe it. It's really not that any one tactic is about that. I'd say, if you step back, we have a wide variety of tools in our toolkit, I guess, I'd call it, to drive traffic, to drive share gains, to make our guests very excited and happy. And the 20% off is just actually one of many tools that we do. Everything is designed to do -- to get new guests and increase share of wallet for existing guests. And increasingly, I'm really proud about the fact that our teams have, over the past several quarters and years, really created a much more sophisticated set of tools that involve everything from the ability to invest in awareness to our loyalty program. And as we just talked about, the investment in these new capabilities that we have to really use that in a more personalized way. So it's all in a journey of how do you make sure that you're excited for the guests, you're competitive, you drive a profitable growth and driving market share gains. And there's -- you'll continue to see a whole array of ways that we do that. 
Mary Dillon: Yes, we're not going to comment on the current quarter. I feel like, as I said earlier, really good about what our teams have put in place from a merchant side, the product offerings, the marketing, our store teams, our distribution teams are performing at exceptional levels. So I think we're in good shape, but I'll leave it at that. 
Mary Dillon: Thank you.  I would just like to close by thanking our 40,000 associates for delivering another strong quarter as they're working hard to get the stores, website and DCs ready for the busy holiday season, all while continuing to elevate the guest experience.  So I look forward to speaking to all of you again, and happy holidays. Thank you. 
David Kimbell: Yes, absolutely. We have, Anthony, dramatically adjusted our marketing approach, really revamped it in a significant way to make it more current and relevant and motivating to our consumers, and that's driven a much greater connection. Really, as we've done that over the last 3 years or so, we've seen this dramatic increase in awareness. So marketing, for sure, but you mentioned some of the other things. Certainly, we've been opening new stores, and that's been helpful as we've entered into some new markets. Our loyalty program, as we combine that to one program about 4 years ago, that gave us the opportunity market that and make that a deeper connection. And that helped us drive greater connection with our guests, but more word-of-mouth. Our assortment has improved dramatically over the last several years. So those things have come together. And you asked about what comes -- where we think it's going from here, we're really pleased with the growth we've had in awareness. It's just been a critical -- it was a critical opportunity, but we see more to come. We're one of the leading unaided awareness retailers, #2 in the market right now. We think we're on path to become the #1 unaided retailer in beauty. The campaign that Mary described in her comments is the next step of that to make a more purposeful effort to connect with our guests in a more meaningful way. And so far, we're off to a good start with that. 
David Kimbell: Yes, great question. Yes, we'd say, first, it's early. It's been less than a month, just a couple of weeks, but we're really pleased with results. Certainly, it's generated a lot of excitement. It is -- our existing guests have responded very favorably to it. It also -- it's done a nice job driving in some new guests, in particular, younger and diverse consumers. So we're really pleased with the effort overall. Kylie and the Kylie Cosmetics team has done a really nice job helping communicate this launch, get their fans excited about it. So overall, we're pleased with it. I think as far as the assortment, we're seeing strength across the line. It's a relatively narrow assortment, but we've been really happy with the performance. We just launched an exclusive holiday kit, and that's been received very well. And that's available only at Ulta, not on kyliecosmetics.com. Our teams are working really hard to keep the stores replenished. We have anticipated through Q4 kind of being tighter around inventory through the quarter. So it's possible as we move into holidays that we'll sell out in some cases, but we're working hard to continue to replenish and evolve the assortment going forward. So overall pleased, but a long road ahead of us as well. 
David Kimbell: Yes, Oliver. Great question. We, too, we share your excitement about having QM join Ulta Beauty. We're just really optimistic about what that team has already brought and will be bringing us going forward. You hit some of the highlights, but I'd say, of the things that we're looking forward to drive with them. But I'd say overall, as Mary mentioned in her comments, this is first and foremost about personalization, leveraging their capabilities to understand our guest in a better way and manage our connection to them. The first phase with them is really getting them engaged and onboard, which they are. We've been doing that over the last month or so and getting them fully up to speed and connected to our business. As we look forward over 2019, I'd say it's a mix of some foundational elements that they're bringing, and say, helped us assess our capabilities. We'll be looking across kind of our personalization platform, our data foundation and make sure that, that's as strong as it can be. I shared some of that at the Analyst Day, and they're going to play a key role in strengthening our foundational capabilities. The first areas that we we're going to be tackling, things that we've already been doing, but we'll see -- we think we can move faster and in a bigger way around elements like recommendations, as you've mentioned, dynamic content, personalized homepage. Computer vision is a capability that they have that we see that integrating in as we get further in with them over the next several months. That allow us to have product and image recognition. They will also connect to our GlamST acquisition to integrate virtual try-on data with our personalization platform. So those are the big areas that we're focused on, and we see -- we're really -- we're off to a great start with them. The team is really strong, and we're really pleased to have them on board. 
David Kimbell: Just to reiterate. Yes, we really are optimistic about makeup. There certainly is a strengthening in skincare, but we feel that our consumers remain very engaged in makeup. All the demographic trends continue to be very positive. One of the -- that's one of the reasons, though, we've been focused on digitally native brands and expanding that part of our portfolio. So certainly, a brand like Kylie, but also Morphe and ColourPop, Juvia's Place, so a number of brands that we think will play a role. At the same time, continuing to drive growth on some of our big, established brands like Tarte and Benefit and Anastasia and L'Oreal and Maybelline on the mass side. So well-rounded, and we're positive about where -- the future of makeup. 
David Kimbell: I'd say, from a marketing, we were -- we felt really good about our marketing approach. Yes, we had some activity throughout the quarter as we made adjustments to make sure we were driving traffic and transactions. And so the mix, we felt, was -- ended up in a solid place. But certainly, as we continue to look forward in the fourth quarter and into 2019, driving traffic is obviously critical. And our new advertising campaign, we think, is front and center of doing that. And all the other changes that we're making, we think, will continue to drive strong growth across all aspects of the business. 
David Kimbell: Yes. So on the mass side, we're very pleased with the results this year, and we're really optimistic about the future. We'll share more as we get into it, but we're going to continue to expand and grow brands that have been doing well for us. So there's still opportunity to make them bigger parts of our portfolio. There's some core foundational brands, including Ulta Beauty Collection, but also L'Oreal and Maybelline and some of the bigger established brands that have been doing well, and we see -- we're positive and optimistic about the future there because of the innovation pipeline that's ahead of us. We'll continue to find emerging brands. I mean Juvia's Place is a recent example of a brand we launched early but off to good start, and that's in our mass cosmetics space. So as much success as we had this year, we have a large share opportunity. It's huge category, and we feel like we've got a lot of runway ahead of us to continue to try to drive growth in that space. 
David Kimbell: Yes. We -- well, a couple of things I'd say is we're continuing to be pleased with traffic. You talked about mobile, that's a big part of the business, a growing part of the business. And we're pleased all around with all aspects of that. The business traffic is strong and healthy. What we see in mobile is conversion in mobile is a little bit less than desktop because mobile is used often as an aid to shopping either in-store or to find stores. So there's other reasons to use mobile than maybe you're not using a desktop. So conversion shifts a little bit there, but when we look across [ AOB ] conversion, traffic, all pointing in the right direction and contributing in a meaningful way to our e-commerce business. Then we think we continue to grow across all aspects of that business going forward. 
