Benno O. Dorer: Hi, everyone. And thanks, Kevin. I'll now offer my perspective. First, we delivered another solid year advancing our 2020 Strategy while remaining agile and aggressive in our approach to mitigate significant cost headwinds. We grew sales for the year 3% including another strong year of innovation at about 3% of incremental sales, and about a point from the acquisition from Nutranext partially offset by nearly a point of negative impact from the Aplicare divestiture. We feel very good about these results in an environment where growth is very hard to achieve. We are particularly pleased that all major innovations are doing well in markets including Fresh Step Clean Paws, the Clorox Scentiva platform, Burt's Bees cosmetics, Glad trash innovations and our Professional Products Clorox Total 360 System. And while our focus on traditional retailers remains most important, we continue to make strong progress in e-commerce and sales in these channels are estimated to be up more than 40% for the fiscal year. We achieved these results while operating through a volatile cost environment that was significantly worse than anticipated, taken an agile and aggressive approach to mitigate the impact by leaning into cost savings and moving quickly and decisively to announce cost justified price increases. To put this in perspective, we now plan to take price increases on about 50% of our portfolio in fiscal year 2019. We delivered 17% diluted EPS growth for the fiscal year and we put our healthy balance sheet and strong cash flow to work investing in the health of the company, creating a new runway for growth with the Nutranext acquisition and returning cash to shareholders by increasing the dividend by 14% in May 2018 and by entering the market with up to a $2 billion share repurchase program. Second, for fiscal year 2019, we're projecting another year of solid sales growth, as we increase investments to support the business and drive profitable growth in our core and our recent acquisitions. Sales growth will be supported by increased investments in advertising and sales promotion with a focus on digital marketing and innovation. We'll also continue to execute our pricing plans consistent with our focus on driving profitable growth and category growth for our retailers. We continue to have a robust margin accretive innovation plan on many of our brands including Burt's Bees, Fresh Step, Glad trash and Hidden Valley as well as continued investments to support our successful fiscal year 2018 innovations. We remain confident in the long-term outlook for the RenewLife digestive health business and we continue to anticipate about three points of growth from the newest member of our portfolio, the Nutranext vitamins and dietary supplement business where integration is progressing in line with expectations. And from a channel perspective, including Nutranext, e-commerce is now estimated at 6% of company sales and we anticipate growing strongly in this channel again in fiscal year 2019 to an estimated 8% of company sales. Third, as we decisively address near-term pressures, we will not be deterred from our 2020 Strategy and focus on profitable, sustainable and responsible growth to create long-term shareholder value. We continue to take a long-term view and remain confident in our strategy. We are continuing to invest for the future not only through increased brand building investments but also in technology transformation such as with technology enabled consumer engagement and capital investments to enhance our supply chain and support long-term growth through technology. All our major brands are seen as superior by consumers versus their competitive brands. And while we have work to do on some of them, I feel good about the health of our portfolio overall and the plans we have in place to support them and we will maintain our emphasis on driving superior value through a combination of product performance, price and consumer perception. We'll continue to lean into the more profitable parts of our portfolio and focus on expanding the core behind health and wellness with Nutranext and RenewLife as the engines. We'll double down on our focus to restore gross margin growth as we aim to extend our track record of delivering 11 consecutive years of cost savings at $100 million or more. And we will support these efforts by continuing to build a more agile enterprise with highly engaged employees who are keenly focused on growing our business the right way. So, in a difficult cost environment, we continue to have confidence in our 2020 Strategy, as the means to create long-term value for shareholders. Operator, you many now open the line for questions.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Thanks, Bonnie. First on Q4, we'll remind everybody that we have always said that there's going to be quarterly variance. We don't manage the business by quarter. We don't manage the spend by quarter. We're focusing on the long-term, and there is a reason why our guidance is on an annual basis. What I will say on Q4 is that part of it certainly was Charcoal which became clear throughout the quarter was going to be significantly lower in sales, negatively impacting the company by about one point, because of the inventory hangover we had from Q3, which, as you know, was really soft behind the unusually cold weather. And that continued in April which led to lower merchandising throughout the quarter. And we certainly thought that there is no need to spend into that headwind as much as we did last year. What I will tell you though is that for fiscal year 2019, as you noted, we're committed to be about 10% level which is in line with our target. So there's no news here. We're staying the course managing the business for the long-term. And as you related to the sales guidance, what I would ask you is certainly to keep in mind that what we have communicated is that as we take pricing, it typically takes a few quarters for consumers to get used to new price points. We've also commented on the fact that there might be temporarily bumpiness as it relates to merchandising, as we're working through this with retailers. And all of that is reflected in what we think is a really balanced outlook that reflects the upside and the risks that we see in the fiscal year pretty appropriately. So, fiscal year 2019, it's going to be back to 10%. We'll invest in innovation. That is going to contribute another 3% in line with our targets. And we'll also continue to shift our spend towards digital, which as we've noted in the past, accounted for about 50% of our advertising sales promotion spend in fiscal year 2018, and is expected to contribute about 55% to 60% of our total spend in fiscal year 2019, all based on the strong ROIs that we have. So, 10% is the right level now and ongoing. And the 2% to 4% sales guidance that we have given for the fiscal year appropriately reflects what we're seeing in the marketplace, and certainly also reflects the fact that it's early in the year and the environment is somewhat volatile.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Thank you, Wendy. So, what we did, as noted in the past was take a price cut on about 40% of the Glad trash pricing last fall just set the table as we anticipated strong innovation in the back half of last fiscal year and get that value right. As I think is evident in the really strong progress in volume and sales on that business that's achieved its objectives. And we're pleased with the success of the innovation out of the gate. I'm also today announcing that we will take pricing on Glad trash. And I think that should tell you two things: first of all, that we believe in the value of the brand and the products that we offer on Glad as is evidenced by the continued shift towards the more profitable premium end of the business, which now accounts for north of two-third of the entire portfolio in trash. But the second thing that tells you also is that our pricing efforts overall are going in line with plan as is perhaps evidenced by the first business that we announced pricing on in the last quarter, which is Cat Litter which was first out of the gate. And as Lisah mentioned earlier, the higher prices are now visible at shelf at several major retailers, including our largest retailer. So, Glad will take pricing as well bringing the total percentage of our portfolio that we will take pricing on to 50% globally. And that, of course, also includes more of the professional business where we took about a-third pricing on about a-third of the business in the last fiscal year and we're now adding another about 40 percentage points bringing the total amount of the PPD business where we're taking pricing to about 75%. So, strong cost justified case on pricing, our brands continue to offer superior value and we don't expect that to be affected by these price increases. This is a strategic case of allowing us to keep investing in innovation and advertising sales promotion to grow categories. And we'll do a lot of that in fiscal year 2019 and it's all going in line with plan.
Benno O. Dorer: So, no two companies are the same, so I can't speak for the industry. But for our company there's no difference.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. I mean look, there's a number of things. So, I'd say, we'd certainly point to FX as one, right, that's a 2 point drag. And obviously, that's very much driven by the Argentine peso, but FX continues to be a headwind. So, I would point to that. And then I would certainly point to the success with the consumer around pricing as the second one, right? So clearly, as I pointed out, so far it's going in line with our expectations. The good news about that is that historically we've been able to model the impact of pricing on volume with the consumer extremely precisely. And what I mean by that is within plus/minus 2% variance. So, our modeling historically has always been good, but pricing on 50% of the portfolio is a significant undertaking. And hence the 2 point range coupled with the FX uncertainty seems very appropriate, but I would point to those two things.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. And perhaps, Ali, if I may add, so if you think about Q4, for instance, so at 5% volume growth leading to 3% total sales growth which included 1% negative impact from FX. If you look at the fiscal year 2019 guidance, you see 3% volume growth. And if you take out FX that's – at the midpoint would be 5% of sales. So, I do think, once you take FX into account you start seeing the difference.
Benno O. Dorer: You know, perhaps I'll give you the broader context and Kevin will add some perspective on Argentina. So, if we think about the International business as a whole, we have as many number one brands in International as we have in the U.S. We have solid plans to offset the cost inflation and we've done that well operationally. We're performing very well as is evidenced by fiscal year 2018 where for the second year in a row we've shown sales and profit growth. So, it's not where we wanted to be, but given the FX headwinds actually performing quite well. So, we're optimistic about that business which is why we're investing into it. But what we've talked about is that we're shifting our investment stance to the more profitable parts of the portfolio. We have four growth vectors in International business and they now account for 30% of our portfolio. And that's up significantly from previous years. So, we're shifting the category country mix quite attractively towards parts of the portfolio that aren't just margin accretive to the International business, but margin accretive to the company. The setback right now and the foot on the brake is Argentina and I'll let perhaps Kevin comment on the specific things we're doing in Argentina.
Benno O. Dorer: Well, keep in mind that the 50% is our new price increases. What's not included there is the PPD portfolio that we took pricing on in fiscal year 2018 and also CDW and that takes you to about 70% of the total portfolio. And I think that, on pricing our glass is more than have full, and I'd love to focus on the 70% that we're taking pricing. I'd also say that pricing continues to be something that we'll review constantly on all the businesses and that's up to the general managers to make the right decisions as far as whether to take pricing or not and when to take pricing. And we certainly, as we contemplate pricing moves keep cost justification in mind very strongly. We want to make sure that we are on solid ground there. And we keep the value proposition that we offer to consumers in mind as well. We have talked for several years now about our deep commitments to offering products and brands that offer superior value to consumers. And in the face of pricing, that's when that commitment to value is being tested. And what I can tell you is that that commitment is as strong after the price increases as it is before the price increases. And with help from strong brand investments, with help from innovation, and marketing plans that engage consumers. We're confident that The Clorox Company's brands will continue to offer better value to consumers, no matter whether we take pricing on 70% of the portfolio or not at this point on 30% of the portfolio.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Olivia. What I would say is certainly on transportation, we think we saw the high watermark in fiscal 2018. While I do think it's still an inflationary environment, I don't expect to see the type of rate increases we saw in 2018. I would expect transportation in the mid to high-single-digit rate increases. And last year, we're experiencing high-double-digit increases. And so, I think we've done some nice things to get to a lower level of inflation on transportation. And then our manufacturing as well, manufacturers – manufacturing expense can move around by quarter as we invest in our supply chain, but I'd expect a similar amount on an annual basis what we saw in 2018.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. For a moment I thought you'll take the Burt's Bees question, it would have been entertaining. The cosmetics launch is performing well. As Lisah has noted earlier, this is a launch that's building over multiple quarters, which is driven by two things. First of all, retailer shelf presets timings, but also our commitments to be disciplined in this, we don't want to get hung up in some of the industry dynamics in cosmetics. We want to make sure that we're disciplined and that we're driving this based on solid SKU velocities and with the right amount of SKUs and complexity, but one way perhaps how you can see that we're confident in this future platform is the launch of liquid lipsticks now, which we're really excited about, because it's a fast growing segment and one where we have a great product. I feel good about the consumer receptivity and the reviews online, which you can see. So, we feel like we have a nice multiyear growth platform in cosmetics. We'll tell you though that as we've always said that the Burt's Bees discussion wouldn't be complete without us mentioning that it's only one growth runway. The biggest and most important thing on Burt's Bees continues to be lip and face and those businesses continue to do extremely well. And as Lisah noted earlier in her remarks, we're particularly proud that for the first time in Q4 our lip balm as of 20-plus years in the market is now number one in the overall lip balm category. And that's a sizeable accomplishment, but it's still a pretty fragmented market. And we think that there is a lot more growth to be had there. And we've also commented on International as profitable and attractive growth platform growing double-digits in Q4. So in Burt's Bees, I would want to make sure that we always keep in mind that we have multiple growth platforms and that we have confidence in all of them. With lip balm still continuing to be the biggest single opportunity we have in this business, which is why a substantial amount of the investments will still go again to lip balm.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, good point, Jason. So, actually it is expandable which is the whole premise of the category so, you see a display in store and makes you want to grill and you buy Charcoal. And while you do that you also buy a whole bunch of other things whether that's your beverage of choice or meat and chips and things that you want for a family afternoon. And that's why retailers have been and are so interested in supporting this category, and that's been the hallmark of our strategy to continue to provide more occasions for grilling and extend the season so that passionate grillers can spend more time grilling and we get more volume from those. So, less merchandising in the category, right? So not just a brand, but in the category has led to category softness. And that's certainly something that's – if I categorize this for you and if I look at the quarter, the bulk of the volume softness was weather – yeah and the inventory hangover from Q3, which was also weather-related, so just to put it in perspective. But the less merchandising contributed and that's because of the lower merchandising levels at several retailers. That's not something that's new. We see changes in retail or merchandising strategies every single year and sometimes they work like gangbusters and sometimes they work less well. And this certainly is a year where the changes have been less successful, which is why we're focused on three things. First of all, the basic premise of extending the season and making sure that people have a chance to grill year round with the weather conditions in many parts of the country continues to be the right strategy for business like coal. And since this season we've had a partnership with Major League Baseball in place around games and tailgating and online marketing that connects, if you will, America's favorite Charcoal with America's favorite pastime. And MLB baseball has its peak in October and we'd love for Charcoal grilling – for that to be true for Charcoal grilling as well. We are working with retailers on the right merchandising strategies. Again that's not something that's new to us and something that we're very comfortable with. We need to get that right and do better for next season. And I think that's something that retailers understand. And obviously, there's a mutual benefit for that. And then we're also focusing on millennials where we see an opportunity to educate them on grilling, because there's somewhat of a barrier. You don't want to look foolish, and you want to look like somebody who is knowledgeable grilling. And when you're just learning how to grill, there's a little bit of a barrier, and we're helping people through education mainly online to cross that barrier. If I put that all in context, certainly coal needs to do better. Feel good about the rest of the portfolio as I mentioned in my earlier remarks. And I'd look at this perhaps as – while it's something I can't control because of weather, the continuation of what we saw in Litter, which two years ago was a real problem child, and is now, if not the best performing business, one of the best performing businesses for sure. Last year's problem child was Brita and we're pleased to see that return to growth. And it looks like this season it's Charcoal. So feel good about the portfolio, even though it's not perfect. But to be honest, if everything was perfect we'd have nowhere to go. And I'd rather have a few clear action steps that we know how to address and coal is the one this year.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Thanks, Lauren. You could speak for Clorox perhaps more so than for the industry. Several things are important in order to do pricing effectively. The first thing is, as I've said earlier, it's got to be cost justified, right? So all our price increases are cost justified. And we're pretty transparent with retailers and truthful, of course, with retailers, because they see what we see in terms of cost. The second thing that matters certainly is to have leading brands that offer better value for consumers. If you have that pricing discussions with retailers, which are never easy, because they want to make sure that you're doing the right thing. But they are going to be more productive than in situations where you perhaps don't offer better value where you don't have leading brands and where your spot in the markets is less clearly defined. More than 80% of our portfolio are number one brands. The majority offer better value, so we're in a pretty good shape there. Lastly though, I think retailers understand that not taking pricing simply isn't an option for a company like Clorox in this cost environment, and that there's a fundamental choice between either not taking pricing and then cutting spending and that leads to a downward spiral that I think is evident to all of us from some of the industries in our space. That's not going to lead to long-term success. The alternative for Clorox and we think the only right alternative is to be able to continue to invest in your brands, to be able to continue to invest in innovation and to take pricing as a means to afford that. And as we talk to retailers about our pricing plans we spend a large amount of time to also talk about our plans to grow their categories, our plans to have innovation in the categories that we take pricing in. And I would certainly look at that as a big part of what makes pricing discussions with retailers productive.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. So, internally we have very good visibility as to when that will be visible at shelf and we've commented on the fact that Litter was the one out first. But in general, given that many of the discussions are still go on with retailers at this point I'd prefer not to comment on specifics on percentages, but we'll just have to let it play out in market and hope you can understand that, Lauren.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. So, I don't know that we reconcile it with that detail, Kevin, but in general, what we are seeing is that category dollars are pretty constant if you look at track channels, so we don't expect any change there. We also continue to see faster growth in non-track channels and I wouldn't expect to see any change there. So in terms of categories they're pretty robust. And we expect that to continue. No change. In terms of market shares – look it's our ambition to grow market shares right? It's one important metric for us. It's not the only important consumer metric to us. You've also heard us talk about our Consumer Value Measure and about household penetration as a really important metrics that we're doing well on. What typically does happen in a year when you take pricing is that temporarily you will give a little bit on market shares. And that's as consumers are adjusting to price increases, that's also recognition of the fact that as was noted by some of the earlier, we've been out front on pricing. And I think in all of our categories so there's a little bit of a time lag, perhaps if competitors follow until they follow and until that shows up in market, all of that will create some noise on market shares, but we're very committed to growing market shares in the long run. I'd expect us to grow market shares. What that would look like over the next 12 months? We'll have to see. But – expect our categories to continue to do pretty well. We've historically not seen much change in categories post-price increases and we don't expect that to be the case this time either.
Benno O. Dorer: Obviously, one of the premises that we had when acquiring the Nutranext business was that through our strong sales capabilities we would be able to expand distribution. So that's very much the plan, Andrea.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Thank you, everyone, and hope you have a good rest of the day. And I look forward to speaking with you in November when we share our first quarter results. Thank you.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So, can't comment on individual percentages because those vary by category and because we're still talking to retailers. But two things perhaps are helpful. First of all, the increases that we're seeing on Cat Litter are precisely in line with our plans. And then perhaps to your broader point, we are not planning to spend any of those price increase dollars back in trade and we also did not do that in fiscal year 2018. So, our expectation is that the pass-through, while pricing certainly is at the discretion of retailers, will be in line with our plans.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes, Steve, this is Kevin. I can try to answer some of those questions. So, as it relates to gross margin, clearly, I would say, a couple of things. First, the work we're doing on cost savings I'm very pleased with. We have one of the most robust cost savings pipeline planned for 2019 that I've seen in quite a while. And that's obviously what we attack first to offset the commodity environment we're seeing. Additionally, as Benno talked about with our pricing actions on about half the portfolio, that's the other piece of the model that will allow us to be flat to up modestly. We control those two elements and we feel very comfortable about the work we're doing. What is not directly in our control is the commodity environment and the transportation environment. We certainly expect to see inflation continue in fiscal year 2019. I would say, as it relates to commodities, our expectation is the inflation rate will be fairly similar to what we saw in 2018. And as it relates to transportation, my expectation is while we'll see inflation in 2019, it won't be to the same degree that we saw in 2018, so moderating a bit. And so overall, our belief is that we will be flat to up. I think what's also important though is to think about the phasing, what I really expect in the front half of the year, we really haven't lapped the significant upcharges we saw in fiscal year 2018. So, I would expect the front half of the year to look more in line with what we're seeing in the back half of fiscal year 2018. But by the back half of 2019, we'll see the benefits of cost savings. We'll see the benefits of pricing playing through our P&L. And that's really where I expect to see sequential improvement throughout the year with gross margin expansion in the back half of the year. And then your other question was related to share buybacks. I would tell you, I won't provide a quarterly outlook on the phasing, but we are planning currently to exercise about half of our authorized amount of $1 billion, and we'll do that based on criteria we've set internally over the course of the year.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hi, Steve. This is Kevin. I'll speak to the fourth quarter and full-year for 2019. In the fourth quarter, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we saw about 3% growth from Nutranext. We had volume growth on the base business, and then the headwinds we saw where FX was about 1 point headwind as well as the Aplicare divestiture keep that in mind was about 1 point as well. And then pricing was 1 point benefit, offset by unfavorable mix in assortment. As I look forward to fiscal year 2019, our expectations are as we mentioned innovation will drive about 3 points of growth, the net impact of the Nutranext acquisition and Aplicare divestiture will be about a 2.5 point benefit. And then we are looking at fairly significant devaluation in International, about a 2 point headwind, primarily related to the Argentine peso devaluation we experienced in May and June. As it relates to pricing, expectation right now is pricing will have limited benefit on the sales line. You'll have the benefit of more revenue per case, but that will be offset by the elasticities on volume, as consumers adjust to the new pricing. And so, what I expect to see in fiscal year 2019 is our volume growing more in line with sales. Typically, our volume tends to grow a little bit faster than sales, but I think in 2019 you'll see those growing more in line.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yeah. Ali, this is Kevin. What I would say is, obviously, it's still very early in the year, so these are the outlook we provided are ranges around each of those estimates. We'll have to see how the commodity environment plays out. We certainly provided a range around gross margin accretion and we'll have to see where that plays out as well as our admin spending. We said about 14%. Part of that is driven by the Nutranext acquisition and the integration spending we're doing as we're integrating our people, process and systems. And so, I would take those as ranges and we'll have to see how that plays out and we'll clearly update you folks as we move through the year.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yeah. I can speak to the trade spending, as Benno just mentioned, our plans are not to increase trade spending.
Kevin Jacobsen: Well here's what I'd say, typically when you have high FX like we're projecting for 2019, you'll see volume growing faster than sales and if you look back at our history that's been very true. This year, in spite of the high FX, you have a dampening effect on volume based on elasticity in the near-term and so that's why you'll see volume and sales growing more in line.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure. Yeah, Ali as it relates to Argentina, as we've talked about the two point headwind from FX that's primarily driven by Argentina. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, we've seen a 30% devaluation in the Argentine peso in the month of May and June. So you can imagine, we'll have to lap that over the first 10 months of this year. Additionally, our belief is we'll continue to see the peso depreciate versus the dollar marginally over the balance of the year, in addition to what's already occurred in May and June. And so, it's certainly a challenging environment in Argentina. What I would say, though is, we've operated in Argentina for quite a while over 30 years and we have a very experienced team who is very knowledgeable about operating this environment. And so, the team knows exactly what to do in a highly inflationary environment. We're very much focused on protecting profit. There's less you can do about the top-line, but certainly our focus are on protecting profit. And I think the team has developed some nice plans for 2019 to do just that, in spite of the challenging currency environment.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yeah. Hi, Olivia. This is Kevin. I can take that one and speak a little bit about mix. Little bit different drivers for each of our segments. If you think about the Cleaning segment, we continue to have very strong club performance. And as you know, with the larger size there's a little bit of negative mix there when you're growing significantly in club. In Household, as Benno mentioned, we've had a weaker Charcoal business this year. Charcoal is very profitable and high revenue business for us, so that's created some unfavorable mix in Household. And then Lifestyle is a bit interesting. Nutranext has a lower revenue per case for us, but its margin accretive to the company. So while it's a little bit of negative mix of the top-line, we're very happy to have that negative mix in Lifestyle segment, as it relates to Nutranext. And so, we've got a few different drivers. As I look forward, clearly Charcoal is not something we expect to see continuing on, in fiscal year 2019, but I would expect to see some of that in the Nutranext, our Lifestyle segment, given the mix of that business.
Kevin Jacobsen: No, Jason. This is Kevin. I wouldn't identify anything notable. I think as we called out, we did have some investments in the supply chain back in Q2 for our new Home Care facility. So, it's a little bit elevated in Q2. But as I said, it can move from quarter-to-quarter based on timing of our investments.
Kevin Jacobsen: We don't provide that Jason, so I would stick to our overall growth rate that we provided, but we don't break it out that way.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hi, Andrea, this is Kevin. I can certainly take your question on Nutranext mix. We don't provide mix at the SBU level. But what I'd tell you is what we saw in Q4 as it relates to Nutranext, I'd expect to see a consistent impact as we go forward. That business is still relatively small in the overall portfolio of Clorox. It won't be that material to the company.
