Stephen M. Robb: Well thanks, Steve, and welcome everyone. Well, we're very pleased with our second quarter performance. We grew sales in our U.S. segments and in the International segment on a currency-neutral basis. Importantly, we continued to expand our margins by driving productivity and cost savings programs across all of our businesses, delivering our highest second quarter gross margin in five years, which helped mitigate the impact of double-digit foreign currency declines in most countries. We're also pleased to raise our fiscal year EPS outlook, which I'll talk about in a moment. First, I'll turn to our financial results for the quarter. In the second quarter, sales were flat with volume and pricing contributing a combined impact of about three points, offset by nearly three points of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and nearly a point of higher trade promotion spending. Gross margin for the quarter increased 210 basis points to 44.6%, reflecting 180 basis points from favorable commodities, primarily from resin and diesel, 130 basis points of cost savings and 110 basis points of pricing benefit. These factors were partially offset by about 150 basis points of higher manufacturing and logistics costs. Selling and administrative expense as a percentage of sales was essentially flat versus year-ago at about 14.2% of sales. Advertising and sales promotion investment for the quarter was more than 9% of sales, essentially flat compared to the year-ago quarter. Importantly, our investments in our U.S. retail business remained healthy at more than 10% of sales. In addition, we continued to increase total demand-building investments to support our brands. Now, net of all these factors, we delivered diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.14, an 18% increase versus the year-ago quarter, reflecting strong gross margin expansion. Fiscal year-to-date free cash flow was $110 million compared with $207 million in the year-ago period, reflecting higher employee incentive compensation payments from the company's strong fiscal year 2015 performance and higher tax payments. These factors were partially offset by higher earnings from continuing operations. Notably, we continue to anticipate free cash flow for the fiscal year to be about 10% of sales. Now, we'll turn to our fiscal year 2016 outlook. We continue to anticipate sales growth of flat to up 1% based on solid first half sales growth, followed by flat sales in the second half of the fiscal year, reflecting strong volume growth offset by foreign currency declines and higher trade promotion investment. Our full year sales outlook reflects stronger growth in the U.S. as we continue to lean into our strategy to invest incrementally in our domestic brands. We anticipate the strength in our U.S. businesses to be offset by lower sales in International, due to increasingly unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, including the recent significant devaluation in Argentina. On a currency-neutral basis, we continue to anticipate sales growth of 3% to 4%. Our full year sales outlook also continues to anticipate about three points of incremental sales growth from product innovation, continued slowing international economies, and about three points of negative impact from foreign currency declines and heightened competitive activity in the second half of the fiscal year from competitors stepping up in-store promotion in key categories. We now expect EBIT margin to increase in the range of 50 basis points to 75 basis points, reflecting about 100 basis points of gross margin expansion behind lower commodity costs, partially offset by continued global inflation impacting manufacturing and logistics costs. Other factors pressuring EBIT margin include inflation in international markets and weaker currencies. In addition, we anticipate incremental investments to sustain our future cost savings pipeline and consumer demand-building programs to support the long-term health of our brands. We project selling and administrative expenses to be about 14% of sales in fiscal year 2016. We continue to anticipate our tax rate for the full year on earnings from continuing operations to be between 34% and 35%. And, net of all of these factors, we now anticipate our fiscal year 2016 outlook for diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.90 versus our previous outlook of $4.68 to $4.83. In closing, we feel very good about delivering strong results in the first half of the fiscal year. Our business is healthy and we remain committed to our long-term strategy of driving profitable growth. And with that, I will turn it over to Benno.
Stephen M. Robb: So, Jason, this is Steve Robb. Let me lead off on this. So, first, to provide some color, just like we said at the end of the first quarter, we do anticipate stepping up the level of consumer demand-building investment pretty significantly in the second half. I think you're going to see a split of that investment, some is going to go into trade promotion spending and then I think some is going to go into advertising. To dimensionalize it, over the long-term, we talk about advertising being at this 9% to 10% of sales level. I think it's likely we'll be above 10% in the second half of the fiscal year. And a lot of this is to support our new products. One of the things we know is we've got these preferred products so if we can get trial we get repeat. So you're going to see us continue to lean in on both the innovation as well as some of our base products. And then the spend should start to ramp-up as you move through the second half of the fiscal year.
Stephen M. Robb: I would say, as we said in the last quarter, we anticipated a step-up in competition because what we know is that when you build share quarter-after-quarter, typically the competition at a certain point leans back in. So, at this point, we're starting to see it in a couple of categories. Glad, where you've got lower commodity costs, people are spending back in the market. And so we think it's prudent to step-up our level of investment, in particular because we've got good things to advertise and we've got preferred brands. So we continue to anticipate it. We're seeing a little of it now. We'll have to see how the second half unfolds.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah, fair enough. In the first half of the fiscal, I would say most of the incremental consumer demand-building investment, which there has been some, is really been focused on trade spending and it's been a little bit less than a point. You will see a meaningful step-up in second half, both in advertising, as well as trade spending and that's actually one of the reasons why the margins in the second half, EBIT margins in particular, are expected to be down versus a year ago. Again, we think it's prudent to take some of these commodity cost tailwinds we're seeing and invest it right back into our business, as we mentioned in our opening comments.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah sure, Bill. This is Steve Robb. Let me answer that question for you. So as you've said, gross margin in the first half is certainly up nicely. I think we're up a little over two full points which feels pretty good. We do anticipate, on a full-year basis, gross margin will be up about a point. Could be a little above that or a little below depending on how things play out. But it's likely to be flattish in the second half and the reason for that is a couple of fold. First, we're just starting to anniversary some tougher comps in gross margin. If you look at the second half of fiscal 2015, you'll see that our gross margin stepped up quite a bit, so we're certainly comping that and actually holding onto those gains feels pretty good. The second thing is we will be increasing our trade promotion spending and that's certainly going to weigh on the gross margin. And then finally, we took some pricing. We're starting to anniversary as we move through the second half some of the pricing benefits that have been flowing through gross margin in the first half of this year. And while we absolutely expect commodities will be a tailwind in the second half, it's going to be less of a tailwind than you saw in the first half, again because we're starting to comp some of the benefits we saw in the second half of fiscal 2015. So from our perspective, we think we've got very healthy gross margins. We certainly feel good about the trends. And importantly, we feel very good about the full year outlook for the EBIT margin that we've shared with you today.
Stephen M. Robb: Again, most of the incremental investment that you're going to be seeing is going to be in the second half of the fiscal year. It has stepped up in the first half but you may not be seeing all of that in the numbers. But I do think particularly as we move to the third quarter and certainly well into the fourth quarter, you will see a step-up both in advertising as well as trade promotion investment.
Stephen M. Robb: Ali, this is Steve Robb. That's a great question, which is why we're investing for incremental profitable growth. So one of the reasons we're taking some of the commodity goodness we've been seeing in the last couple of quarters, we're putting it back into the innovation. We're putting it into our new products. We're supporting our base business, which is why, as I had mentioned in my opening comments, we feel quite good about volume growth in the second half of this fiscal year. We anticipate fairly strong volume growth. So I would say that we're playing for the long-term. We're focused on delivering not just good quarters but, more importantly, good years consistently over time. And by making these incremental investments, we think that it'll lead to better long-term performance for the company.
Stephen M. Robb: So, Javier, this is Steve. I'll take that question. So when we look at trade spending, first, to be really clear and this is important, this is a choice we're making as a company. It's a choice to step up the level of in-store merchandising behind things like Burt's Bees or Litter with Febreze, because we think again we've got great products and if we get trial, we get repeat. We've talked to that before. I think in some categories like Glad, what you see is when you – the commodities come down. The good news is you get a bit of a tailwind in margin, but you also tend to see a bit more money go into the market. And what we tend do is adjust our trade spending up and down to reflect that in selected categories. So what I would say is when we look over the long term, you'll see us do two things. One, if commodities start to recover, and we don't think that'll happen in the short term, but as they recover, you'll see us probably make adjustments in the trade spending in selected categories. I think we've demonstrated that we know how to manage our trade spending and commodities over time. And then second, these dollars can move around on the P&L. We may put more into advertising or R&D. The key for us is to invest for profitable growth and just stay true to the 2020 Strategy. So again, I think we feel good about the choices we're making today, but we retain the flexibility to make different choices in the future as the markets evolve.
Stephen M. Robb: Just, I'm sorry. The last point I would like to make, just for the record on gross margin, in fiscal 2015, our gross margin was up 90 basis points. Call that about a point. This year, we anticipate gross margin being up about a point. And, importantly, we're investing more in our cost savings pipeline over time. So the idea that we can't expand gross margins, we've been doing that for six quarters, and we've got some very results that we've been posting. So we certainly feel good about the plans we have in place to expand EBIT margins 25 bps to 50 bps over the long-term annually.
Benno O. Dorer: Thank you, Steve, and hello, everyone. We are very pleased with our second quarter and first half results. We're especially pleased to have delivered 18% diluted EPS growth in Q2, driven by robust margin expansion. Clearly, our strategy is continuing to work and deliver strong results for our shareholders, and we remain committed to investing in the business to drive profitable growth. And we're certainly pleased to have raised our EPS outlook for the full year. And with that, let me share my perspective on our Q2 results, the effectiveness of our strategy, and our outlook for the second half. First, we delivered solid Q2 results. Our U.S. business achieved sales growth with gains across all business segments and our International business delivered healthy sales growth on a currency-neutral basis. Strong innovation, coupled with our increased demand-building investments translated to U.S. market share and category growth. Through our last reporting period, International also realized meaningful share growth. And we achieved healthy margin expansion of more than 200 basis points to deliver our highest second quarter gross margin in more than five years. Second, our 2020 Strategy is continuing to work and we'll continue leaning in to drive growth that is profitable and sustainable. In the U.S., we launched a number of new products late in Q2 and, while it's still early, we are encouraged by the initial consumer response. We have additional promising innovation launching across our portfolio in Q3. We continue to eliminate costs that are not meaningful to consumers and reinvest the savings into the business, such as, by leveraging technology to engage with consumers and drive household penetration. We are very pleased our domestic business is healthy. In International, where the profitability of our business remains challenged due to weakening foreign currencies, our team is relentlessly focused on the four pillars of our Go Lean strategy to improve profitability. And I feel very good about the future of our International business, recognizing the fundamental strength of our brands in many countries, which is reflected in increased market shares. So we feel very good about our strong second quarter and first half results. And while we're very pleased with our strong year-to-date performance, I want to emphasize that we focus on driving sustained performance over the long term, consistent with our 2020 Strategy. And given that long-term focus, as Steve Robb noted, we're considering investing in some supply chain-related projects that will feed our future cost savings pipeline and benefit margins in future years. We're also increasing our demand-building investments in the back half of this fiscal year to keep our brands healthy and growing in the face of anticipated competitive activity in selective categories. And I'm pleased that we're able to make these investments for the long-term health of the business while also raising our earnings outlook for the current fiscal year. With that, let's open it up for your questions.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Steve, this is Benno. Look, this is a competitive category and always has been a competitive category, but we continue to be optimistic about this and we're doing well in the marketplace. Our innovations are successful. As I'm thinking about Ranch with where we have noted previously that we've gained more than 10 share points behind our expansion in this important segment. And we continue to have innovation both in the core as well as in adjacent spaces in food coming as well. So we remain focused on investing in the health of the business. We're doing well in the marketplace and I'm not expecting at this point a fundamental change to our strategy, nor to the dynamics in the category.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Ali, this is Benno. The last one up front, price gaps are about where we want them to be, and I would not consider them to be out of whack. If you think about competition, we've previously talked about three categories in order to reemphasize that that's really where the competitive focus is. The first one is Glad trash, where through lower commodities we are seeing private label and the one branded competitor. What we're anticipating that some of that commodity goodness is being passed on through trade spend, and we are certainly planning for that. Home Care is a business where we've been very successful, and we certainly noted that in our Q2 remarks, and where we've been gaining market share over a number of periods. And we expect that category in particular in wipes, which is the hot bed where we're doing particularly well, to become more competitive from a branded competitor point of view in the back half. And then in Litter, as Steve Robb noted earlier, we have innovation coming up that we believe in, in Fresh Step with Febreze, and we're investing incrementally behind that innovation. So it really is a case by case but we think it's very prudent for us to plan for that. Our strategy calls for an acceleration of profitable growth, and the increase in spend is certainly very consistent with that.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Wendy, on retail channels first, so our policies are fair and equitable, right? So we do not favor any channel over the other on trade. So we want to make sure that all of our retailers have the same access to the same plans. So we should not expect any increase in trade promotion on selected businesses to favor any channel over the other. On Burt's Bees, thank you. I'm very happy you liked it. And that's very consistent with the initial consumer response that we get and certainly also the response from our customers. This has been a great quarter on Burt's Bees where we delivered double-digit growth on top of double-digit growth the year ago, and we're investing behind lipsticks but also the base business to keep it that way. Look, it's a pretty attractive price point. The lipsticks I'm referring to, $8.99. It's really a great product that has unique moisturizing benefits, and we think that compared to some of the more expensive brands out there this delivers terrific value to consumers. And like I said, the initial customer response is very positive and we'll continue to drive that, without losing focus on the base business. We have still a tremendous opportunity to drive the businesses across lip, face, body, that we're already in and we'll continue to have a balanced investment program. Certainly, I think some of you had noted that while we've seen a solid sales increase in the lifestyle segments that the profitability has not followed that sales increase and that is because we're investing incrementally in the business, which is a reflection of the optimism that we have behind Burt's Bees and the other brands in the Lifestyle segment.
Benno O. Dorer: Well, certainly if you think about it, Wendy, just from a lipstick point of view, that distribution of course is incremental. But I would still look at that as organic because we've now just entered a new segment through innovation. And, from that, we will draw value down the road. So I would look at it as organic but certainly the distribution growth on lipstick and other new innovation has contributed to the double digit growth for the quarter.
Benno O. Dorer: I know you'll understand that we don't discuss specific plans by retailer. But what I can tell you is that the level of strategic alignment that we have with Walmart continues to be very strong. We are growing very nicely with Walmart. Our business is very strong and we have a strong innovation pipeline with Walmart, which leads to the fact that the vast majority of the conversations we continue to have with that customer are around how we can grow their categories and our brands with them for the benefit of their shopper. So once again, the trade spend increase is planned and will affect all retailers and is not in response to whatever might have happened or is rumored to happen with any specific retailer.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, we feel equally confident in our ability to take pricing in International. And we are, in fact, taking pricing across a number of the International businesses today. So I wouldn't say, Lauren, that there's a difference between U.S. and International, and our track record to take pricing in International is very strong. Now, at this point, are we able to close the entire gap that we see from – or the entire amount of cost increases that we're seeing through inflation in International? No. But we are taking pricing pretty broadly. As you might have seen, our volume in International's been somewhat flat and our organic sales growth was 6%, and much of that difference was certainly driven by pricing. So I feel optimistic about where we are in pricing in International, and we have a pretty good read on what happens. And it's pretty much playing out in the marketplace as we expected.
Benno O. Dorer: The one thing – Javier, this is Benno – I would say that we should not assume that trade spending is pricing. One thing that Steve Robb noted earlier is that a lot of the spend in the back half, as was the case in the front half, went into the support for our innovations, innovation to generate trial for which we get a great return, which we know from our analytics. So trade spend isn't bad. Trade spend is spending that drives our brand equities. And I think you know that we have a very disciplined approach to how we spend. We spend where we get the greatest ROI short term and long term and we believe that trade, in particular doing times when you have strong innovation, certainly plays a role in driving our brand equities and continuing driving the strong brand health that we have today and that we expect to have in the future too.
Benno O. Dorer: We have an internal criterion and that is that innovation has to be gross margin accretive to the company. And then if you think about some of the innovation that we invest in at this point, for instance Burt's Bees lipsticks, you can imagine that those are very attractive businesses where we get a great return in the long term. And if we can drive trial behind what undoubtedly is a great product, which we know from internal testing, as well as if you go for instance on any of the sites that consumers use to post reviews, the initial consumer response is very enthusiastic. This is a great investment. It is an investment for the long term and certainly not an investment to maximize the profitability on lipsticks for any given quarter. But how can we not invest in the long-term health of this business if we have promising innovation like that? So we're taking the long-term view and we're not afraid to invest behind it, even though in any given quarter, short term it might not maximize gross margins or the profitability of the business.
Benno O. Dorer: So no change in strategy. Tuck-ins are still preferred and what we have said in the past, which continues to be true, John, is that natural personal care, broader healthcare, or health and wellness and food enhancers are businesses and categories that we're strongly interested in. We have certainly noted that we're looking at everything. If we think that it adds value to our shareholders and as you can imagine we look at a lot of things throughout the year as do our competitors, I presume. But what we are after is businesses that are a strong fit with our strategy, that are attractive from a growth as well as a margin perspective, and, importantly, businesses that we can get at a good value. So we will stay disciplined. We will look for the right opportunity. And we do that all through the lens of making sure that whatever we might do in the future creates value for our shareholders. So I would characterize that as staying the course. We have preferences but, look, you can never say never. We look at everything, and a lot of things throughout the course of the year through the lens of making sure that we create value.
Benno O. Dorer: I mean, we – I would say, it's both. Look, again, we have a preference for acquisitions of a certain size, but we also want to make sure that whatever we might do is a good fit with our capabilities and close in. So it's a combination of both.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, thank you. To sum up, we're very pleased our strategy continues to work and delivered strong Q2 results. Our business is fundamentally healthy, and we're pleased to have raised our outlook, which we believe presents a balanced view of the challenges and opportunities we see for our business during the second half of the fiscal year. Thanks for joining us today.
Javier Escalante: Hi. Good afternoon over here. Good morning over there. My question tackles this trade spending decision whether it's reactive or proactive from a longer term perspective. True, your gross margin is great this quarter, but it has been range bound for the last five years. So if categories are up 2%, which is a change in a long time, and you feel confident about the health of the categories, you feel confident about the innovation, there is a deflationary environment in commodities, it seems to me that you are kind of like leading the charge here in terms of the trade spending. Why? Shouldn't you actually heed or aim at expanding gross margins? So why is this? Thank you.
Javier Escalante: Just a clarification, right, in theory, we all like the notion of gross margin to spend because it will give you more wiggle room in terms of how much, whether you spend in trade spending, whether you spend in advertising. So why is it that then structurally your businesses don't allow for gross margin expansion? Because it seems to me that you're saying, well, basically the second half is going to be flat even though all these positive things. And it's kind of like confusing because it at some point, it seems as if you're leading the charge as if you don't want to maintain the pricing environment that would allow to build gross margin, à la, Colgate, say.
Javier Escalante: But just to finish up, is this innovation gross margin accretive? Do you plan to maximize the product mix with this innovation? Because then I don't understand still why gross margin cannot build up from here.
