Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks, Andrea. That’s a lot of good ground to cover. And product supply, of course, is on everybody’s mind. What we’ve commented on is that demand has been clearly unprecedented, and we’re in uncharted territory for our supply chain, in particular, in disinfecting products. Typically, if you think about supply chains, they’re built to be in the sweet spot of quality, safety, efficiency, cost, effectiveness required to produce the necessary output for the long term. But when you have situations like we faced where, in March, we saw demand spikes for some of our disinfecting products of 500-plus percent, I think it’s evident to everybody that despite heroic efforts, you have out of stocks. And clearly, we are continuing to see out of stocks. We’re really proud of how our organization has responded. As Kevin commented, we haven’t seen any major supply disruptions on our side. We have been able to increase our production of disinfecting products by 40%. We focused on fewer SKUs. We saw great partnership and patience from retailers, and I want to thank all of them for it to help us bring products to market as quickly as possible. We accepted incremental costs like air freighting, speeding up the supply chain to serve stores as quickly as possible. And as you commented, we activated third-party suppliers to help us cope with the surge in demand. We will continue to do that. We continue to find new ways to increase our capacity. We should see meaningful continued improvement this summer. And of course, we are also investing in the right capacity long term as we expect that demand for disinfecting products is going to be elevated for a long time as they will continue to play significantly increased role in people’s lives. As we’ve commented, we’re seeing very little stockpiling. We’re seeing a lot of use come from incremental households and in disinfecting, in particular. As you think about the future, as people stay home, they will want to protect themselves. At some point, when countries open up again, they will want to stay safe when they get out. And we have a lot of to-go products as well, in particular, with wipes. So that will continue to drive demand. Demand continues to be exorbitantly high. As you look at consumption data in tracked channels, it’s very, very high. And of course, that doesn’t factor in the fact that there’s a lot of latent demand given the out-of-stocks, which as people see wipes in store, they grab them and they are pretty much sold out right away. And we’re far from refilling customer inventories. Typically, customers keep about four weeks of inventory. So at some point, hopefully, we’ll be able to also refill inventories, which will also give us an opportunity to keep selling a lot of wipes sometime in the future. As we said, in the U.S., wipes is or disinfecting products account for about one-fourth of our sales. It’s definitely more right now, but we will see an elevation in demand for a while. We’ve also commented that in International, that number is about 50% of our sales being in disinfecting products. And of course, we’re seeing about the same dynamics there. So we feel like this is ongoing demand that we’ll be able to serve. On many of our other product lines were on allocation as well given the spikes in demand. But we expect to come out of that this quarter, which will help us. And I feel like on our core business, the demand continues to be high. We made a lot of progress even before the pandemic, as we’ve commented. But there are a number of product categories that see higher demand as consumers stay home. Grilling, of course, is one of them. We’re really pleased with the progress on Grilling even before the pandemic as we made strong progress to engage retailers in our 2020 grilling season, and we were rewarded with much better plans. Clearly, as we think about Grilling, there’s not a lot of merchandising happening right now, so we expect that to partially offset the growth that we’re seeing. Memorial Day usually is a big grilling occasion, and I doubt that we will see a lot of merchandising at this point around Memorial Day, said that it’s offset by a really strong base business. So in a nutshell, supply has been difficult. We have done extraordinary work to meet the demand as best as we can. We expect substantial improvements this summer, both in disinfecting as well as earlier, perhaps on our core business. And we’re not seeing demand slowdown. If you think about the midpoint of our fiscal year sales outlook, which we’ve increased to 4% to 6%, it still assumes a double-digit sales growth in Q4. So that tells you that we believe that elevated consumption is going to be around for a while.
Benno Dorer: Yes, international first, Steve. So we do think that this gives us an opportunity to think about international expansion plans. And without getting into too much detail, we’re certainly expecting that disinfecting, in general and perhaps wipes, in particular, are going to be seeing a lot of consumer demand. And this would give us an opportunity to serve more consumers. So it’s something we certainly look at and something that, as we have no shortage of dry powder to invest in growth, we would be willing to invest in should there be profitable opportunities that we can take advantage of with an eye on sustainable competitive advantage. So we would probably not be interested in opportunistic market entries. But where we see a strategic long-term opportunity, we’re certainly prepared to take advantage of it and we are seeing what you see on this. As far as retailer conversations, I will tell you that most of the conversations right now are about meeting the current demand, which is difficult enough. But what I would expect, of course, is that we’re going to have those discussions with retailers at the right time. And they certainly see the numbers as we see them. It’s a lot of incremental usage coming out of disinfecting products. The wipes household penetration sits a little north of 50%. Bleach is about the same. So and what we’re seeing more recently is that the household penetration on those two categories is climbing. So that would suggest that there is an opportunity to expand shelf space in those two categories. But it’s a conversation that still lies ahead of us, but it could certainly contribute to what we believe to be strong ongoing opportunities to serve more consumers with disinfecting products through the right amount of shelf space in store.
Benno Dorer: I’ll let Kevin comment on CapEx. But we are prepared to invest and, frankly, have started investing in more capacity in disinfecting with an eye on the long-term because of the anticipated demand. And it will be a mix, but typically, we, on an ongoing basis, always like to manufacture our products in-house because we can deliver the right combination of quality and cost. So I’ll let Kevin give you his detailed perspective on how we should be thinking about CapEx.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So first of all, I will say that this distribution loss which occurred was contemplated in the previous outlook. So it’s not a change to the previous outlook. We knew this for a while. And as we think about by quarter, it’s simply a timing saying, so we lost this in Q3. But for the total back half of the fiscal year, as Lisah has commented, we expect distribution points to be up because we will get significant wins with other customers, including new distribution with significant customers. So it’s a net positive. And what we expect is, for the midterm, this business should do quite well given that it’s also positively impacted by the pandemic as people stay home more. But we’re also, as you will have seen, growing share market share quite significantly as a result of not just the improved distribution position but also some spillover from the lost distribution. We know that some Glad consumers are willing to change stores to buy their brands. And of course, the core fundamentals, as we think about innovation, as we think about price gaps, which we have continued to invest in, continue to improve. So we’re comfortable with where Glad is and the path forward on the business.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So we always try to stay away from being that specific on any business forward-looking, so bear with us at this point. You will continue to see the negative impact of the loss distribution for a while, right? But that will be partially offset by or it will be offset by the distribution gains that we’re adding. So it’s going to be a little bit noisy for a quarter or two, but it will normalize after that period of time.
Benno Dorer: So we are not going to be a company that’s going to cut advertising. For us, advertising is a long-term investment. And as you say, we have a unique opportunity now to turn trial into loyal users. One of our IGNITE Strategies, as you probably recall, is to increase the number of people we have a close personal relationship with in the United States from 20 million to 100 million people over the next five years. Now we’re getting a lot of incremental people in, and it’s our opportunity to hold on to that volume. So in the back half of this fiscal year, we will spend $50 million, 5-0, more than in the previous year. And that tells you the stance that we are taking. We will play offense. We think that advertising investment is a very good investment. Clearly, the ROIs, in theory, they’re a little lower right now than they would be if we didn’t have out of stocks. But the ROIs are still very good. And we’re not spending to make quarter commitments, but we’re spending to build the long-term equity of our brands. How we spend is different. For instance, as you think about our disinfecting products, we’re trying to be useful in people’s lives. We’re trying to live the purpose that we have created for the Clorox brand. And in this particular case, we are spending a lot of money on consumer education, in making sure that people use our brands the right way and in helping them be safe. That is a great investment because at this time, brands need to show up. And at this time, people make up their minds as to whether they trust the brands or not. And for Clorox, we believe that it’s a unique opportunity to continue to build trust in our brands, to hold on to the increased trial that we are seeing. And as a result, we will be very bullish with our advertising spend and not cut any single dollars. Like I said, we’re spending $50 million more in the back half. And I would expect us to continue to spend quite strongly in the next fiscal year as well.
Benno Dorer: We typically don’t do that. It’s a discussion that happens between a retailer and the manufacturer. So I’d prefer not to comment as in all cases, just to protect the integrity of the conversations that we have with retailers. But it’s a good retailer. It’s a good partner of ours. We’re growing very strongly with them in other parts of the portfolio. And we’re also optimistic perhaps that at some point, we can have a different kind of conversation in this category with the same customer as we might have had in previous categories. So respect their decision, don’t agree with the decision, we’ll have to see how it works for them. And in the meantime, we’re very comfortable with where we are on Glad and our plans on the business going forward.
Benno Dorer: So I think you will understand how we’re not going to give any numbers or any updated view on our long-term sales guidance. Like we said, we think that there’s going to be continued heightened consumer engagement, and that gives us an opportunity to serve more consumers in the U.S. and international. At the same time, I’d also expect that it’s going to be a more competitive space. As you know, we always worry about competition, and this is going to be an attractive category. And we will have to see what happens to the competitive landscape in the future. And then, of course, there’s other puts and takes, right? So if I think about Burt’s Bees right now, which, as you all know, has been an incredible success story for the company for a very long time, and we expect that to pick up at some point. But personal care businesses, in particular, are challenged. So I think there’s going to be puts and takes. We’re certainly thinking about what the right algorithm might be. We are having the right conversations internally. And at the right time, if we believe there’s a change, we’ll communicate it. Now is not that time. We’re comfortable with the 2% to 4%. Near term, like we said in our fiscal year outlook, we expect elevated demand, but it’s way too early to say how this will translate into long-term value creation. The important thing to take away, though, beyond the numbers is that we will aggressively invest into it. We will play offense, and we will put ourselves in the best possible position in the retail and the professional business to serve as many consumers and institutional customers as we possibly can. And then we’ll see what comes out of that.
Benno Dorer: Hey Lauren as you might expect, given the supply shortages, there aren’t a lot of promotions, and we expect that there won’t be for the rest of the fiscal year. Said that, the way we accrue promotions is less of invoice, but most of our promotional dollars are reflected in everyday low pricing with most of our customers. And we also have a performance-based annual program where a lot of the promotional dollars are being spent. So the fact that there isn’t a lot of promotions given that EDLP is where it’s always been and given that retailers are more than meeting our performance requirements, the trade dollars are continuing to be spent. And we don’t expect that, nor frankly do we necessarily want it to be a source of savings. We have continued to spend against the right price gaps on Glad. And as you can see from market share gains and also pricing developments, we’re continuing to make progress, and we feel good about that. So promotional environments, pretty benign. Expect that to continue, but it will not translate to cost savings.
Benno Dorer: I’m not saying that. All I’m saying is that we’re continuing to spend the dollars. We’re not pulling back on any dollars in any area. And in Glad, we are spending against a very specific objective, and that is to temporarily keep up pricing in line. What happens with that spend and whether it’s going to, at some point, be converted to a different list price will very much depend on what competition is doing, and that’s out of our control. Right now, we are comfortable spending the dollars in trade, and it’s working.
Benno Dorer: Yes, absolutely. That’s part of the broader disinfecting opportunity, Lauren. The Professional business, or PPD, as we call it, has done very well for us for a prolonged period of time. And the core of the business, which is to serve hospitals and other healthcare facilities with disinfecting products, has always done well. What we have done in the past was to look at whether we can enter additional categories. Some of it was successful and still is. Some of it was not mostly because the regulatory environment has changed quite significantly. But the core of the professional business is serving healthcare facilities with disinfecting products, and we have a number of proprietary and unique technologies. We have germicidal wipes, of course, which can help a great deal at this point. But also our total 360 electrostatic sprayer system is seeing an incredible uptick in demand that this fiscal year will be up 500% from last year, and we continue to see an opportunity to drive distribution. So what you can expect is that we will continue to invest very aggressively in strategic opportunities that are centered around areas where the Clorox brand matters, which it does; where we have unique technology, which is predominantly in the healthcare space; and where our know-how in cleaning and disinfecting protocols can come into play. Importantly, we look at these options increasingly, not just as options that are limited to the Professional business but where we can bring the full power of the total company into play. And that will increasingly involve ways to reassure consumers that certain places are cleaned with the Clorox brand as a way to make them feel safe as, at some point, hopefully, we will be all back to normal and enjoying the things outside our homes that we used to enjoy and look forward to.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So right now, I would say market share is driven by two things. First of all, just sheer availability, right? And as you think about our disinfecting products, for instance, one of the strategic choices, as hard as it may be, but whether you’re doing the right thing isn’t necessarily just determined by your words, but it’s determined by actions. And one thing we are doing is we’re prioritizing the healthcare section. That leads to more out-of-stocks at retail and it leads could lead to lower shares. And that is okay because that is the right thing to do. That could mean that private label in disinfecting could grow share. Said that, what we’re seeing also is that at the time of crisis, people turn to brands that they trust. And we have many of those brands that people trust. And if you look at tracked channels to date, what’s been happening is that we grow share very strongly, six out of nine categories in tracked channels. We’re seeing one category also growing non-tracked channels, so it’s 7 out of 9 in non-tracked channels. And we’re seeing private label and what we might casually call secondary brands or all other brands decline, all other brands declined very heavily. That is the fact, and that’s what we’re seeing right now. And for us, as we have entered the recession, there are a number of things that we’re bullish about. First of all, the fact that brands do matter, and we have many of the brands that people care about. Second, as I said earlier, the percentage of our brands that is seen by consumers in the U.S. as superior in value is at an all-time high. And if you think about this recession and compare it to the 2008, 2009 recession, that recession was prior to our focus on consumer value. Our focus on consumer value started with our Strategy 2020, which was put in place in 2013. And since then, the percentage of our volume, of our NCS that’s seen as better in value is up significantly. If you add to that our commitment to play offense, if you add to that our ability to invest in the consumer, if you add to that a portfolio that’s relatively recession resistant, several categories typically do quite well during a time of recession. If you then finally add to that our commitment to keep innovating and our expected continued strong innovation plan, we feel like we’re entering the recession with momentum, and we expect that we will do quite well with consumers. And we’re always taking private label seriously, but we like where we stand at this point.
Benno Dorer: Yes, thank you all of you. I look forward to speaking with you again in August when we will share our Q4 and fiscal year 2020 results. And in the meantime, please stay safe and well. Thanks.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. So thank you for the question. On the 250 bps, we do believe that’s temporary. It’s really related to two items. We are investing more with our production team, as I mentioned, both in wages and benefits as well as enhanced cleaning measures. So that’s part of it. As well as I think Benno just mentioned some of the specifics, the increased transportation, warehousing costs we’re incurring. And I’d say that’s going to continue until we can catch up with the demand signal. So I’d expect in the near term, that’s something we’ll see hitting margin. And we’ll have to see how this plays out. That will be very much influenced by the shape of the demand.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hi, Steve. As it relates to CapEx, typically, we spend about 3% of sales each year on CapEx. We’re doing the work right now. But I suspect, as we look to fiscal year 2021, we’ll be closer to 4%. And it’s really for the reasons Benno just talked about. We see a number of opportunities to increase investments and expanding capacity of our self-manufacturing facilities because as I think you’re hearing from us today, we’re seeing heightened demand certainly in Q3 and our Q4. We expect this to continue over a longer term basis. And so we are leaning in right now to start increasing capacity, and we’re investing right now to do that.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Thanks, Jonathan. On the second question related to our cost inputs, you see the same data we see, which, clearly, there’s a significant pullback in the price of oil. But we’re also seeing that in the resin market. But I’d tell you to a much lesser degree because I think there’s some structural issues going on in oil, it’s going to get to pull back much further. I would say this. I think a lot of that is going to be driven by global demand more so than input costs. With GDP globally continue to decline, I think that will continue to put downward pressure on cost inputs, particularly in the energy complex. And for us, that really plays out in a couple of areas. So obviously, for us, resin is a big component of our buy, and that’s most pronounced on our Glad business. Keep in mind, though, in Glad, as we see cost inputs coming down on resin, typically, that means heightened trade spending within the category. And that’s really how the category is managed, that, that flows through to consumers through the form of increased trade. So as resin prices come down, I would expect to see increased trade spending on the Bags and Wraps business across the categories. And then as it relates to oil, oil usually takes six months or so to work through our supply chain. So if oil stays down at these levels, this $20 a barrel level it looks like it’s projecting over the next few months, that certainly would be a tailwind for us going out for the foreseeable future. Now I think it’s probably too early to know that for sure. But certainly, if you look at the environment today, it certainly suggests that’s possible. And then, Jonathan, say more on your global takeaway. Tell me more what you’re looking for in that question.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. I mean I’d say a few things. As we’ve talked, our volume growth is about 18% as a company. And International, we had very strong volume growth as well, very close to that. So our International business is growing at a fairly comparable rate to what we’re seeing in the U.S. And again, because of what we talked about, this is a global health crisis, and we have an international portfolio that’s very lined up to address this and help consumers. And so we’re seeing strong growth broadly. As I think about tracked versus non-tracked, we are seeing elevated growth in non-tracked channels. It’s probably growing 10-plus points higher than tracked right now. But I think that’s also not surprising. We’re seeing very strong growth in e-com, and we’re seeing very strong growth in club as consumers are even ordering from home or they’re trying to order in larger quantities. So we’re seeing those channels grow at an accelerated rate right now.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks, and good afternoon. I just wanted to ask a little about the commercial environment because I would expect and hope that there’s some pullback on promotional activity with demand trending so high. Promotion was still mentioned in the release, and the Nielsen data is sort of a bit of a mixed bag, and I know that’s always the best picture. So wondering if we can hit off on that promotional environment, I guess, within the cleaning categories and then your other businesses would be great.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. So the investments in the trade dollars and adjusting price points that’s something that is still ongoing. We just don’t see it manifest as like promotion in store. But ultimately, it will show up as like a permanent list price change, for example, for Glad.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. And then I was curious with the Professional Products business because that’s obviously been an area of interest for you guys for some time. And I feel like there were some fits and starts in really getting that business to grow as it was sort of hoped maybe at least not now, but five or seven years ago. So where that clearly is an opportunity in terms of usage, but just in terms of, call it, account wins or sales force investments, things like that, that you can do, it maybe early to talk about, but I was just curious about longer-range investments to continue supporting the growth of that business in a more contractual level rather than just right now meeting the surge in absolute need.
