Donald Knauss: Thank you, Dan, and hello everyone. We've mentioned several times today why we anticipated a challenging first half and why we believe we'll see stronger results in the second half. And I think if you recall back in May, we actually outlined the challenges we'd see in the first half. That said, I want you to know that I'm certainly not and neither is the team satisfied with declining sales and margins we've seen during this time. And while we can't control things such as the timing of global pandemics like H1N1 or the overall health of the economy, there certainly are a number of things that we can impact. So, rest assured that we're not losing our focus on what it takes to grow our categories and market shares over time, and particularly our focus in market-leading innovation.  And in fact, I believe Clorox is in a stronger position now than ever to innovate. And so, before we open it up for Q&A, I'd like to spend just a couple of minutes broadly discussing our innovation strategy with you and why we believe innovation will drive growth for us, not only in the back half of the fiscal year, but next year and beyond. We feel very good about our product innovation track record, and we've reviewed this with most of you over time, but we have delivered two or more points of top line growth for Clorox consistently for the past eight years. And that's a pretty stringent measure, as it only accounts for growth above and beyond the effects of cannibalization. So, it's really a true measure of incremental growth. Now looking over the next two years, I'm confident we can meet or exceed this goal as we continue to build our innovation capabilities with a focus on three areas: Where to play, how to win and how to configure. So, let me give you a little bit of insight into each one of these. First, where to play. We've taken a strategy-led approach to identify where to place spaces such as our Stop the Spread of Infection growth platform, that we believe are fueled by strong tailwinds, with large unmet consumer needs to support growth, and where certainly we have a right to win. And by focusing our discovery efforts globally now, we'll more than double the ideas and projects in our pipeline and increase their scale as well. The second area of focus in building our innovation capability is how to win. We've maintained our focus on using integrated consumer shopper and user insights as the drivers of innovation. We've combined these insights with several proprietary technologies, such as plant-based cleaning agents to create innovation platforms in key areas. Now the combination of our deep insights and differentiated technology results in, we believe, competitive advantage and increases our confidence in the success of innovation going forward. We've also maintained our focus on 60-40 blind wins, and we fully anticipate achieving our goal of greater than 50% of volume from superior consumer preferred products ahead of schedule. And lastly on how to configure. About 18 months ago, we redesigned our approach to innovation to increase our ability to generate and collect ideas from inside the company globally and also outside the company, which has contributed to the doubling of ideas and projects I noted a moment ago. Now recent idea generated internally is Dual Disinfectante, which was launched in Q1 in five Latin American countries under the Clorox and Ayudín brand names. Now this product is the only disinfecting spray that kills germs on both surfaces and in the air. So, it's really a great product in our Stop the Spread of Infection platform. And from outside the company, probably the most recent obvious example, as we continue to drive value from our Glad products joint venture with Procter & Gamble, is having recently introduced Glad OdorShield trash bags with Febreze. In fact, if you look at our premium trash bag segment in the last quarter, that segment was up in volume over 10%. So, as Larry noted, we're seeing strong volume and share gains in our trash business, in part behind this innovation. And we're also focused on flexibility and fast learning to accelerate discovery and development, and we believe we can get new products to market faster. So, as the market leader, clearly, it's our responsibility to bring innovation to drive growth, not only for Clorox, but for our categories overall. With the innovation we're launching and the strong capability we've built to innovate, I really do believe we'll see improvement and build momentum throughout the second half of this fiscal and beyond.  So, with that, let me ask the operator to open the lines up for questions.
Donald Knauss: Let me start, Ali, then I'll turn it over to Larry and Dan. I guess it depends on how you judge this optimism. I guess I would look at it as over the last 10 quarters, we have exceeded expectation, I believe, on nine of them. So, I think we pretty well delivered what we said or done a little bit better. I think particularly in this, as we move into the second half of this fiscal year, these headwinds that we've talked about, H1N1 and Venezuela, those cost us almost four points of growth in the first half of this fiscal year, and those are largely behind us. So if you just take that out, Ali, I think you get back to instead of negative three sales into the plus one area. The other thing I would say, as we look at FDKT, or tracked channel data, and you obviously have access to that data as well. As we look at categories like trash, going from negative to the last 52 weeks, or negative 2.5% or in that range, to plus 2%. We look at litter starting to grow. We look at charcoal going from almost 3% growth last 52 weeks, almost 7% growth. And we look at our food business, the salad dressing business also continuing to show positive growth. We are seeing those categories stabilize. And I guess the other thing I would add to you just to give you some confidence is that, Larry talked about innovation pipeline, I think I can safely say that the amount of innovation you'll be coming out starting in the last year few weeks is better than we've seen in the last eight quarters. So, we feel pretty good about that. So, let me pause there and ask Larry or Dan can add any insight.
Donald Knauss: Ali, the only other comment I would add is all negative 3% sales declines are not created equal. If you look at the negative 3% in the first quarter, we were lapping negative 1% from prior year. If you look at the negative 3% we just put out there, that was lapping 5% growth in the prior-year quarter. That was probably the strongest organic growth we've seen in the last two years. So, I think even though it's still minus 3%, it's lapping a heck of a more difficult comp. And with those headwinds behind us, I think you should have some confidence we'll get to those numbers.
Donald Knauss: Let me start off. Here's what I think we are seeing different. If you look at our most premium priced brands and products, they're the ones growing most aggressively. So, I'm looking at the consumer now, is kind of a -- it's a two-sided coin for sure. But, those people with higher incomes are clearly back spending money. If you look at the Burt's Bees business, up double digits in volume and sales this quarter. Category is up in the mid-single digits. If you look at Hidden Valley Ranch, volume grew about 5%. If you look our premium trash business, up in double digits, while our base trash business declined 1.5%. What we're seeing is those brands and products that are premium priced, we're seeing some pretty robust growth in those. I think what that says to us, there's still a lot of people out there obviously struggling. And we're going to have to be real sure that on the rest of our businesses that our price gaps are sharp, in that we maintain this 25% to 35% premium. But, to Larry's point, our share position ending in December of '10 are the strongest they have been in three years. So, I think that indicates that the brands are pretty healthy. And with the innovation pipeline we've got now, I think we're pretty well poised.
Donald Knauss: On the business and channel mix, let me take that one on. Again, that's just for the one quarter comparing to 5% growth in the year-ago quarter. The businesses that were soft in the quarter that contribute to that, obviously, our Laundry business has been down. It's a higher margin business for us. Our Home Cleaning business was down again, lapping H1N1. That's a higher margin business for us. And then we have Brita that have incredibly high comps in the year-ago period. So, while that brand is still healthy and growing, on a comp basis, we're down a bit there. On the channel side, we certainly see probably a higher growth in our value channels, which is club and dollar, and those tend to have slightly different margins for us, still very profitable, but slightly different margins. And then in International, the markets that have been down are some of our higher margin markets like Australia and New Zealand, with the faster growing ones being slightly lower margins. So, that all kind of contributes in the quarter for the mix. But, that doesn't get to the basic health of each individual category.
Donald Knauss: I think, Chris, you can safely assume that the share owner should be very well taken care of given that.
Donald Knauss: Bill, the only thing I would add too is when you look at those bleach number is, again, we're lapping numbers from last year of almost 5% growth in the category due to H1N1 and other concerns about the pandemic. And I think that, that was the strongest growth in the year-ago quarter we've seen in a long time. So, we are lapping an extraordinary comp. The other thing is, I think we've surrounded the problem in the sense that we know one of the fundamental issues we have on that business is dosing, where people don't quite know how to handle HE washing machines. We think we've got a fairly simple packaging change that could help in that as we go into the next year or so. So, we think we understand the issue, and I think the innovation Larry spoke of will help stem it. But, we know we're lapping an unusual comp. We've got good innovation coming on the basic side in terms of fragrances and then we'll have more news to come to address this dosing issue.
Donald Knauss: I'd say, Linda, most things were pretty close to our forecast. I guess the one area I would point to that was probably a little bit worse than what we had thought would be in the mix, the business and the channel mix. You never quite know where you're going to come out until you fully close the books on it. But, I would point to that as being slightly more negative than we had in our outlook. But, I wouldn't say it was a huge mover of it. But, yes, we are down just a touch where we thought we would be, and I would attribute that to business and channel mix.
Donald Knauss: Yes. I'm probably not going to -- you may not like it. I can't help you much on the Q3 and Q4. I'd probably talk more the second half and full year. So, certainly, we're projecting more margin improvement in the second half versus the year-ago period. I would say margins will be a little tighter in Q3, because as we pointed out, we'll probably see more of the commodity pressure sitting there. Trade will probably be, call it, flat in the second half to what we spent in the year-ago period. So, the positives that we'll see the second half is certainly we're projecting volume and sales growth in the second half. We think our business mix, which did impact our margins in the first half of the year, we expect that to get somewhat better. We expect foreign exchange to be, if you look at spot rates today and project those out, since Venezuela is behind us, we expect some favorability there. We will be up somewhat in our selling and admin spending because of IT and facilities. However, that's always been in our outlook. So, I don't know that, that's going to be a significant mover. So, that's kind of how we're looking at the second half.
Donald Knauss: And on the inventory question, just address that. Most of the starter ships on a lot of these products is in January, February. So, most of the inventory builds associated with that are reflected really what you see in inventories in the second quarter. So, we shouldn't see a material move in inventories associated with new products. We do have a little bit of inventory build related to a change in our information systems that will happen in the fourth quarter. We're replacing some of our production planning systems. And so, we're building a little bit of safety stock associated with that cut-over. But most of that should bleed out by end of fourth quarter.
Donald Knauss: Jason, the one thing that I would add is, I mean, one of the items I think that we are particularly excited about and interested in is the Brita on-the-go bottle. And while it's not asking the consumer to change his or her behavior, it certainly takes advantage of changing behavior out there as people move away from bottled water. For the first time, we can get a Brita on-the-go bottle with a filter build-in so that you don't have to carry bottled water around. That one looks particularly exciting to us.
Donald Knauss: Actually, if anything, overall promotional spending is kind of coming down across our categories, particularly driven by lapping some of the innovation that occurred in the Laundry category. And we expect our trade spending will be about flat to what it was a year ago in the second half. It kind of remains in some elevated levels versus historical trends but versus year ago, we expect it to be flat and we expect that will meet the needs of the business in the second half. So if anything, we're seeing a deceleration in terms of promotion.
Donald Knauss: Let me try to address first half and second half. So in first half, obviously, we've got hit by some pretty negative foreign exchange, primarily Venezuela. So, that is behind us. And again, spot rates today, we would expect foreign exchange to be a slight positive for us as we look into the second half. We continue to have strong cost savings pipeline, and if we're able to be at the high end of our range or slightly above it, that will be a slight positive for us on margins in the second half. We'll continue to get the benefit of pricing. Glad took a pricing action on August. We'll continue to get that benefit. International has been taking pricing as well. Those benefits will continue into the second half. And we're already starting to anniversary price rollback that we took in the year-ago period. So, that drag will go away from us. On logistics and manufacturing, I think the inflationary rates are about the same in the first half, second half. And as I mentioned a little bit earlier, we are anticipating more favorable business and channel mix as we enter the second half. So, the wildcard on margins is obviously commodities. We are showing that, that's going to tick up a bit from our previous expectations. We'll continue to look at pricing. But for now, we're going to be a little bit higher on margins. So taking our outlook from, call it, up 25 to 50 basis points to flat to down 50, really is reflective of, primarily reflective of the performance we had in the first half of the year and then just slightly higher on commodities expectation in the second half. But, we still expect to finish the full year at an average gross margin that's pretty close to our historic high. And then the question will become as we develop our outlook for fiscal '12, what is our outlook for commodities as we enter that year, and what might we need to do in pricing.
Donald Knauss: Connie, the total exposure to resin is minimally impacted by the Auto business, so there's really no material change there. We've talked about commodities, kind of key commodities being about 15% to 20% of our total cost of goods sold. And depending on where the price of resin is, it moves within that range.
Donald Knauss: Connie, I would add that one of the key drivers I think in this business going forward is we are working very hard to get our price premiums on Green Works down to the 5% to 10% range versus the 20% to 25% range when we first launched. I think if we can get our price points down in that range as the economy improves, we'll really start to see some resurging in that brand. I mean, still it's the number one natural household cleaning brands. We feel very good about that. And if we get this pricing down where people can buy a natural alternative at near the price of the traditional cleaner, we'd feel very good about the long-term prospects of the brand.
Donald Knauss: Well, we're getting it down on the sprayable cleaners. We've certainly getting it down in the laundry detergent area. And the dilutable piece has basically gone away. And so in spray cleaners, which are the bulk of the household side, we're getting it into that range. Into the light-duty liquid dishwashing soaps, it's still more in the 15% to 25% range. And laundry, it's getting down into the 5% to 10% premium versus other premium detergents.
Donald Knauss: We're getting it down they are fairly close but we've got more work to do. But, we're getting smarter in how to reformulate these products and still keep the natural component to it.
Donald Knauss: While the impact in Q2 is business mix as well because our higher margin businesses were lapping H1N1 and those categories have been weak.
Donald Knauss: Plus the difference is our sales number versus consumption it's going to those retailers' channels, which is what the shares are judged on. So, the consumption was a little bit higher than our sales decline.
Donald Knauss: As Larry said, we only have all-outlet data on a 52-week basis. So, maybe mixing 52-week discussion versus a quarter.
Donald Knauss: Chris, as Dan noted, probably $0.08 to $0.09 in each of the first two quarters, so you're approaching $0.20. You would have seen a similar impact in the last half of last year. And the last year, we also, at least in Q2, we had the FX exchange losses as well. For fiscal '11, you're probably about $0.18 to $0.20 impact with all happening in the first half of the year.
Donald Knauss: Thank you. Well, as we know that during the last hour of Q&A and the presentation, the economy obviously remains very challenging, but I do think that to reiterate, you think a lot of these headwinds we have faced are, as we noted, beginning to abate. And we do feel good about the second half. And not just the innovation pipeline that we have for the top line, but we also feel very good about the cost savings pipeline. And we'll continue to build that out as we talked about FY '12 in the May call. So, we look forward to speaking with all of you again in May. We'll discuss the third quarter results, and then give you the initial outlook for FY '12. So, thanks everyone.
Lawrence Peiros: I think Don has covered most of the key themes, but we are seeing some uptick at in a couple of our categories, particularly Natural Personal Care, and as Don said, trash category. We are obviously going to start indexing off of some low base in terms of category growth, and we should see some improvement there. And we think we are doing things that will affect us positively in the marketplace. The number one thing being in second half innovation, but certainly we continue to support our brands in what we think is a strong level with respect to advertising, and then advertising gets more targeted and more efficient over time as we get into new ways of approaching our consumers through social media and other avenues.
Lawrence Peiros: Well, I think you can say that the share buyback then is going to flow through to the EPS. I mean we are not planning to take that and spend it anywhere. So, if that's your question, that should flow through. The real question is from an operating basis, which is what we're really focused on, from an operating basis, where will we come out with our outlook for fiscal 12? Are we thinking mid-single digits? Are we thinking higher? Those are the plans that we're still putting together, and I would say that would be added on. At least from an EPS perspective, that would be added on to the 7% that we'll benefit from the share count.
Lawrence Peiros: So we're working hard particularly in the liquid bleach side to see to track the business, stabilize it and grow it. We do have some innovation going out on our scented line, which is a significant improvement on the premium part of that business, which has been well received by consumers, and we think will help things. And we continue to focus on kind of two messages with the consumer. One is the better washing your laundry load, and the second message is around germ kill. So, we do hope for some improvement in the longer-term behind those efforts.
Lawrence Peiros: Our results are definitely softer in Wal-Mart than the rest of our customer portfolio. There's definitely have been some executional issues among the partnership at Wal-Mart. A lot of that is their switching strategy away from some of the things they did over the last several years, around both pricing, as well as assortment on shelf. That's all changing as we speak. We're quite frankly excited about their new direction, which is essentially going back to their core of offering branded products at every day low price. We think that will again adjust, but the road to get there is fairly been a little bumpy for us and many others.
Lawrence Peiros: I've haven't heard particularly smaller pack sizes, they do have an approach to opening price points in categories to address the very low-income consumers. And sometimes, that translates to a lower pack size, but it doesn't always translate that way.
Lawrence Peiros: We did made some choices around advertising. So, we did increase our advertising suddenly in the quarter, having to deal with various timings of new product launches and other things. There is some higher admin, some higher manufacturing cost for a variety of reasons, and they're kind of numerous. It's not like one big element was driving our cost structure up, but there is some kind of one-time things in the manufacturing logistics area that cost us quite a bit in the quarter. Overall, cost savings did offset commodities, so it wasn't an issue with commodities. And I think that probably the quarter is a bit of an aberration versus the average. And I don't think that you should see that kind of earnings decline play out over a longer period.
Lawrence Peiros: I think the short answer is over time, we would expect to see some declines in our admin as a percent of sales. To your point, we have been investing in a number of things over the last four to six quarters. We're down a little bit in the quarter, but that has to do more with timing of the spend than anything else. My sense is, Lauren, we're going to be elevated on our SG&A spending certainly in the back half of fiscal '11 and into probably, the front half of fiscal '12. And that's primarily related to the peak of our spending on our IT, particularly our international IT project, which we start our first wave of go-lives in August, and then the rest of the waves are phased in. And then our move of our R&D facilities from our old campus in Pleasanton into the campus happens in the fall. So, we're going to have some peaks there. We do need to knowledge that we do have some stranded costs associated with the sale of the Auto business. So, I don't know that we'll be able to get all of those out, and we're certainly working in getting some of those out. But, I don't know that we'll fully return to some of the lower levels that you saw in admin, call it 18 to 24 months ago. But, we think these investments are really going to pay off. Certainly, on the IT front, getting our international businesses on our SAP platform presents lots of future cost savings ideas that will keep that pipeline healthy, and we'll certainly be operating at lower overhead costs associated with our R&D activities with the new campus.
Lawrence Peiros: It's possible depending on the mix of projects that we are going after. We are making investments. As we've talked about in the past, we always provide for $20 million to $30 million of pretax money, whether that's charges for asset impairment or higher SG&A, or other things that we need to invest in to be able to keep our pipeline healthy, my guess is we'll continue to provide this $20 million to $30 million a year, because that's the seed money for driving this cost savings pipeline in this $90 million to $100 million level. So, we've come out of the investments over the last couple of years like consolidating our home cleaning manufacturing to Atlanta hub, closing some of our other plants. Those are all coming online, and we're seeing the benefits of those investments in this $90 million to $100 million that we're delivering this year. We're now making the advanced investments in our IT, in infrastructure in international, which will drive a pipeline of savings over the next several years, and similarly, our R&D facilities. So, I think it's just prudent to have the $20 million to $30 million a year, it's in our base. I don't see it needing to go up at this point, but it's just in our base, and it's the seed money that keeps our cost savings pipeline healthy.
Lawrence Peiros: So, I would categorize this innovation as what we would term core growth kinds of innovation, so very solid improvements on existing brands, or incremental line extensions. So, nothing here which we would term an all-data game changer that requires a whole new consumer habit, which means the risk around them and our ability to project what they will deliver is a lot more accurate than it would be in a more game changer kind of situation. And the good news is it's a fairly broad portfolio. So, really every segment in almost every business get some type of innovation going out in the second half, and a lot of it is pretty exciting new kinds of things within our categories and a few adjacencies like the scented lip balms on the Burt's business.
Lawrence Peiros: So, we are actually pleased because where Green Works has established itself we're starting to see some positive trends, so we continue to have passion for the opportunity. And obviously, suffered quite a bit in the economic downturn, but we're seeing some positive results, and we're encouraged by that. I wouldn't say that we're heavily spending behind it. It's more of a targeted effort, particularly in social media channels and word-of-mouth to the right target audience, and to much more targeted approach than we took initially, but we're encouraged by some of the positive signs we're seeing.
Lawrence Peiros: I think we're still very bullish on that business, Andrew. And I just think obviously in the context of the recession, we paid too much for the business. And the first year we owned it, we were actually ahead of our valuation model when the recession hit, we went from over 20% top line growth to the low-single digit. And that growth rate held for about 15-plus months, which simply got us off the track on our 10-year valuation model. We just couldn't make up the ground. Having said that, the last six months, we are back to double-digit growth on that business. The brand is gaining share. And as I said, I think to Lauren, we are back now in 30 countries, and a lot of those are small flags being planted. But, we feel very good about the prospects. I mean international side of Burt's grew over 40% in the last quarter. So, the business is our fastest growing business. We still feel great about the category and really great about the brand, and it just getting caught up in the recession, we paid too much for.
Lawrence Peiros: I would say we are not materially different in a dollar channel versus the rest. And even within club, you have to look at the specific item that we're offering club to see there's a difference. But generally speaking, margins are a little bit lower in club because of value sizing, bigger sizes at value prices.
Lawrence Peiros: You're comparing retail sales to our sales, and inventory impact. So, it's a little hard to translate all those numbers in a quarter. We're happy to get back with you and try and work through those mechanics.
Daniel Heinrich: Chris, we're still putting our plans together for fiscal '12, and we'll come out with our initial outlook in May. We're obviously trying to balance all those investment choices. Obviously, we're going to continue to invest in innovation. We're going to continue to invest in our IT infrastructure, in our facilities and things like that. So, you are going to see higher expense rates from us in '11, and some of those will continue into '12. Having said that, fiscal '12 will benefit from a lower weighted average share count, as you point out. Consensus estimates on weighted average shares for us in fiscal '11 are somewhere between 137 million to 137.5 million shares. Using that as the base and our plans to buy back shares in the second half of the fiscal year, we should see about a 7% reduction going into fiscal '12 on a weighted average shares. As I think you start for a base of somewhere around that number of lower shares, and then we'll have to build the operating plans for our fiscal '12, and we'll come out with those numbers in May.
Daniel Heinrich: Yes, that's right. The other thing, Lauren, just to realize on the admin side of this is, Burt's Bees when we bought it was in five countries. We are now in 30 countries. So, there are some investment obviously in building out the international footprint on Burt's. That manifested itself in that quarter. But, as Larry said, I would consider that an aberration, and I would consider it a lot of one-time things hitting that quarter.
Daniel Heinrich: We were out with, I think, a $0.57 to $0.63 range on the January 3 release. We could have always waited I guess for a while, but we felt it's necessary to get the announcement out related to the impairment charge. So, that was really the primary driver of the timing of the announcement. We ended up probably up about $8 million to $10 million on a pretax basis versus where we thought we would be. It's just a lot of little things, frankly. Our administrative spending until we get done fully closing the books and closing off the accruals, you don't know quite where you're going to come out. But, we're slightly favorable in admin. On our transition services arrangement with the selling the Auto business to Avista, we're a little bit higher than our forecast there. When we close out our ad spending for the quarter, we ended up being slightly favorable there. We did see sales come in slightly at the lower end of the 3% to 4% range that we're projecting, and we had a little bit of higher gains on some asset sales that we're doing in the quarter. So, all that kind of adds up, kind of onesies twosies all over the place and added up to about the $8 million to $10 million. But, I would not have wanted to wait any longer in getting the announcement out on the impairment.
Daniel Heinrich: As I look at our back half outlook, if you think about front half, back half, I guess, we had an EPS range of $4.05 to $4.20 prior to coming out with the announcement. There's about a $0.05 impact on the EPS related to the timing of share repurchases. Again, that's just a fiscal '11 back half impact. We'll get the full benefit in fiscal '12. So, you've got about $0.05 there. The other primarily driver is the fact that we're coming off slightly off our margins at least for the full year, and that's really reflective of the impact that we've seen in the first half of the year and slightly more commodity cost pressure in the second half. So, we were originally thinking we'd be up slightly, call it, 25 to 50 basis points of margin. We're now saying that's going to be about flat to down 50 basis points. And then obviously, we lowered -- on the January 3 announcement, we've lowered the top line outlook by, call it, about a point if you're using the midpoint of the ranges. So, bringing down, tucking down a little bit the outlook for sales growth in the year, combined with a little bit on the margin line, that kind of adds up to, call it, the other $0.15 that we took the outlook down.
Daniel Heinrich: No. Again, I kind of looked through the four or five extra cents that we've delivered in the quarter. I mean, they do drop to the full year...
Daniel Heinrich: There's not much of expenses that hit in the front half that are any sort of pull ahead into the first half. So, I mean, I guess the $0.04 to $0.05 is obviously in our outlook. That drops to the full year, but it's more operating that we're looking at in the second half, and I think that kind of all adds up to the $0.15. The trends that we're looking at again versus our previous expectations, again, slightly down on our margins and slightly down on the top line. And those are the two biggest drivers, at least, in the second half. But, we do anticipate better performance in the second half.
Daniel Heinrich: Linda, a lot of that is just kind of a miscellaneous things that you'd normally expect to see in income. Specifically, if you look at the swing, that's about, I guess, a $30 million swing quarter-over-quarter. Call it about $19 million to $20 million of that was Venezuela. So, that explains a big chunk of it. The other things that we record in here would be things like mark-to-market changes on derivative contracts that don't qualify for hedge accounting. That probably was a benefit of, call it, $2 million in the quarter. We sold some fixed assets during the quarter that's kind of on a normal flow basis. We have closed a couple of plants over the last several years, and some of those properties were sold. That probably benefited us about $2 million. We have some interest income in here. We also record our equity and income of joint ventures, which probably contributed an extra $1 million there. We have some low-income housing projects that have run their course on tax benefits, and we're starting to dispose of them, and that created some revenue for us. And then finally, we had the TSA, the transition services revenue, from Avista that flows through that line. So, if you add all that up, it kind of adds up to the change. And so its lots of little stuff that flow through there. I would say if you're trying to model this for the second half, we certainly won't expect to see that big of an other income line in the second half. Probably, you ought to assume that second half of fiscal '11 on this line will look an awful lot like the second half of fiscal '10.
Daniel Heinrich: Certainly, and again, for fiscal '11, we are anticipating the official range is $90 million to $100 million. I think we're on track to be towards the higher end of that range, if not slightly above for the year. So, we feel good about it this year. And the $20 million to $30 million spend that we have in the system this year to support cost savings is probably around the middle of that range. As we look forward, our pipeline of cost savings ideas and the future investments that we'll make, we feel pretty comfortable about continuing our $90 million to $100 million in annual cost savings certainly as we look out in fiscal 12 and also beyond.
Daniel Heinrich: Connie, as we've said in the past, all commodities and all manufacturing materials is the great part of which our commodity driven, probably represent around 55% to maybe 60% of our cost of goods.
Daniel Heinrich: Andrew, from a perspective of how to think about M&A, we knew we acquired Burt's that it was mostly a revenue synergy play. And those tend to have higher risks, because as you know, many acquisitions you're able to pay for a large part of the premiums through cost savings. That wasn't the case here. We were willing to step out that extra ring for this brand because of the nature of the brand, the nature and growth of the category, and the ability to take this brand global. So, obviously, none of it had foretold two years the worst recession and 75 years, which put a dent in the business. But, as Don said, we still feel very good about this particular brand. But, from an M&A perspective, certainly, we'd like to do transactions where more of the premium would be based on cost savings versus relying heavily on revenue synergies.
Daniel Heinrich: Down 4% is about right. I probably have to follow up with you on the specific drivers with the overall U.S. versus international business. I can do that after the call.
Daniel Heinrich: No. The share gains are on a 52-week basis, all-outlet. We actually did lose a little bit share in terms of the quarter end tracked channels. Unfortunately, we don't have an all-outlet number. But based on what we know, we think we've also gained share on an all-outlet basis in the quarter.
Daniel Heinrich: I don't know if I have it on a forecast basis handy. I think the Venezuelan impact, Q2 impact was probably about $0.08 to $0.09, I think, and probably a similar number in the first quarter. So, we would not expect to see that in the second half.
