Donald Knauss: Thank you, Dan, and hello, everyone. I think as both Larry and Dan have noted, we had a strong third quarter performance. I feel very good about how well we managed through a weak economic environment, and I'm certainly encouraged by the signs we're seeing that the U.S. economy appears to be on a path to recovery, noting the 3.6% increase in consumer spending that was reported for the first quarter of the calendar year. We do anticipate that the economic recovery will likely be slow, and the marketplace will continue to be dynamic with intense competition going forward. Now in this difficult economic and competitive environment, I certainly believe Clorox is well positioned across retail channels, with about 90% of our brands holding number one or strong number two leadership positions. I also feel very good about our Away from Home business, particularly in acute care facilities and hospitals and our focus on the growth platform we call stopping the spread of infection.  I and the team look forward to building on the track record we have established for solid annual performance. In FY '09, we grew the top line in margins and achieved double-digit earnings per share growth. With today's updated FY '10 outlook, I believe we're well on track for our top line margin and double-digit EPS growth, again, this year as well. And as Dan noted, I have confidence in our plans to deliver our top line margin and EPS growth targets for fiscal year '11.  Now before I open it up for questions, I would like to comment on our plans for our Auto Care business. As we have acknowledged in the past, our Auto Care business made up of the Armor All and STP brands do not really participate in categories that put us closely with the key consumer megatrends we've been focused on for the last three years such as health and wellness and sustainability. We have drawn share over the past 52 weeks, and the business maintains strong growth and operating margins.  However, growing both the top line and economic profit has been challenging. Consequently, we believe it is in the best interest of shareholders that we explore some strategic options for this business. Now to be clear, we have not made a decision. Ultimately, we may conclude the best option is to retain the business in its current configuration and operating model, and our exploration may not lead to a transaction. As we move forward, while we do not plan to provide updates, we certainly will communicate if and when a decision has been reached.  And I'll now ask the operator to open the lines up for questions.
Donald Knauss: One thing, Mike, I would add on Green Works. On the detergent side, as Larry brought up, that 30% decline takes us back into, as he said, more in line with the premium side of the category. When we launched that brand, we felt we have about a 10% to 20% premium. It ended up about 50% because of all the heavy spending in the laundry detergent aisle. I think one of the other benefits of getting that pricing right is we recently gained distribution in a good segment of Wal-Mart stores with Green Works laundry detergent and started scanning product. So I think getting realistic on the pricing, even though it's still at the premium, and it has helped continue to keep our customers' interest in the brand.
Donald Knauss: And one thing I'd add on the Glad business, Mike, when you look at the trade-up strategy on Glad, we now have over 50% of that Trash business, which is 2/3 of the brand in the premium end of the business, with ForceFlex and with OdorShield. And those gross margins are on par with the company average. So when you look at that and you look at the fact that the Auto business is probably one of the more discretionary pieces of our portfolio, I think Trash Bags fit more into the daily staple side of our business. So when you combine the inability to see growth in that category on the Auto side and the fact that it is more discretionary, that's what leads us to looking at that piece of the portfolio first.
Donald Knauss: I think the other thing, Wendy, we feel good about for FY '11 in terms of the top line growth is the innovation pipeline. We feel that, that pipeline is pretty robust. And as we put into the release, we're looking at, at least two points of growth coming out of innovation. So we feel good about that as well.
Donald Knauss: Another piece, Lauren, of the inventory build was we've gotten off to a fast start on Kingsford for the season. And there is some -- as Dan pointed out, we had some merchandising events in the second half of March on Kingsford we didn't have last year. And so that's resulted in some of the inventory build as we get ready for the season.
Donald Knauss: I think the other thing I would add, Ali, on this is that, I think in this recession, everyone has gotten sharper on price points. And I think, based on the brand analytics, we do. And looking at our pricing elasticities, I think we know that when we operate typically in a 25% to 35% premium versus retailer brands, we can maintain or build a share. And I think we're starting to see those gaps tighten up. And in fact, if you look at the track channel data, and I think this replicates what you just published, if you look at the track channel data, which now is only about 35% of our volume, but even in the track channel data where private label is the most developed product, when we look at the 52-week trends there, at 52 weeks, they were going three and a half and we were declining two and a half to the latest four-week trend, where they're declining two and a half and we're declining about a half a point. I think it evidences the fact that we're sharpening those price points up. We're still commanding significant premiums. And as Larry pointed out, we're gaining all-outlet share, and we're doing it with our gross margins getting back into historical high ranges. So I think we're all about protecting and gaining share, and I think we're doing a pretty good job of it.
Donald Knauss: Well, I think we're going to, obviously, be very mindful of that. I think the other thing we're focused on and I think you hear this from a lot of our peer companies, too, as the pace of innovation is picking up, and I think we feel very good about our innovation pipeline for FY '11. So I think you'll see us continuing to really focus on this 3D approach we have talked about, desire, decide and delight, on all our core businesses, keeping price gaps in certainly front and center in our attention span, but the innovation pipeline is critical to this as well.
Donald Knauss: Alice, I don't really want to pin down this point to a specific range, except to say that it's probably going to be one of our faster-growing segments next year.
Donald Knauss: Alice, the bulk of that for that quarter was really behind innovation. I think we already noted that we've expanded the Hidden Valley line on the Food business. And in addition, we've got two pretty substantial launches going on at Burt's right now, behind the Acne and Oral Care line. So both of those got a significant amount of introductory marketing.
Donald Knauss: There is new channel distribution going on that has also increased shelving in existing channels, particularly in the mass and supermarket trade. So yes, you're seeing see a combination of some new channel development, but also more commitment to the sections in store that's currently trading in that category. So we're seeing expanded shelf sets.
Donald Knauss: Yes, right now, we're in the low 40s in terms of share, which is about double what our closest competitor has.
Donald Knauss: One of the encouraging things we've seen on that business, as Larry noted, we had significant growth in the third quarter, better than we expected. When we looked at some of our larger retailers data and our own data, it looks like about 75% of the H1N1 spike was driven by new users coming into the category. So I think we're certainly speculating that they'll continue that regimen as they go forward. But that was even higher than we thought. Clearly, H1N1 had an impact on people's habits.
Donald Knauss: I'd just like to thank everyone for participating in the call. We look forward to speaking with you again in August. And obviously, by then, we'll share our full year, fiscal year '10 results, and then we'll revisit the FY '11 plans and targets with you then. Thanks, everyone.
Daniel Heinrich: Sure, Mike. Let me take that question on. So the outlook, again, is an increase in our gross margins of 25 to 50 basis points. The cost savings that we've talked about should benefit our margins, call it 160 to 170 basis points. And then we'll see an offset of probably 110 to 125 basis points from higher commodities. The other factors that you cite, we actually expect pricing to be slightly positive for the full year. So even though we're taking a little rollback this year, we do have other pricing actions, primarily in the international markets to help offset that. We do expect trade that will be -- will continue to be negative in the first half but will be lower in the second half. And all of those factors, both pricing and trade will help offset the Venezuela impact. So all those, we're expecting to net into a positive. We'll also be able to cover the normal inflationary pressures that we'll see in gross margins. So net of all those factors, we would anticipate being up about 25 to 50 basis points.
Daniel Heinrich: Tax rate should be in the 34% to 35% range for the fourth quarter and should average out to be about roughly 34% for the full year.
Daniel Heinrich: Chris, the reason it's flat for the third quarter is that we had some diesel favorability that's included in that number that guided to zero. We're not expecting that to repeat in the out quarters. So you'll see a return to the normal level of inflation that you see on that line.
Daniel Heinrich: Bill, we had a number of rather large merchandising events that happened in the second half of March. So probably about half of the receivables growth that you see there was due to the merchandising events. That's just the timing on when they fell.
Daniel Heinrich: Well, Bill, we may. It's still under consideration. We certainly have a lot of flexibility to either repurchase chairs or if we have a bolt-on acquisition. So we're certainly evaluating that now.
Daniel Heinrich: We've reported both metrics. We generally use the gross number. It's certainly a little more conservative. And the cash build-out that you cited is primarily in in our International businesses, and that has to do more with the timing of cash repatriations during the year.
Daniel Heinrich: No, our numbers are, obviously, all inclusive of the impact from Venezuela. Just to kind of run through the Q3 impacts on Venezuela, the top line was impacted about 2.3 percentage points. So that was, call it, sales impact. It was a little bit north of $30 million on the quarter. The pretax impact on the quarter was about $16 million or $0.07 EPS. As we look at the full year impact in fiscal '10, we would expect that the back half, the second half impact on the top line will be a little bit more than 2%, which will average out to be a little more than 1% on the top line for the full fiscal year. We're anticipating that the pretax impact of Venezuela in the back half will be in the negative range of $30 million to $35 million. And so we saw about $16 million of that in the third quarter, so we expect roughly the same amount in the fourth quarter. Now in Q3 and the second half, most of the impact of Venezuela, particularly on the top line, is being offset by other favorable currency movements plus pricing actions that we're taking. So we've included it in total there. In the first half of the fiscal, just to remind everybody, we took about $26 million or so of pretax charges in the first half. That was related to both cash conversion, the transaction losses, as well as the balance sheet remeasurement that we took. So that's what's embedded in our numbers. I can't help you too much in trying to compare how everybody else is doing, that's the full impact. And as we look at next year, we'll have a continuing impact from Venezuela in the first half. We would anticipate in the first half of fiscal '11 that we'll continue to see more than about a 2% impact on the top line, which will translate to a little bit more than 1%. We're anticipating right now a $25 million to $30 million pretax profit impact in the first half of fiscal '11. Now I'll say, we won't repeat the $26 million in transaction losses and balance sheet remeasurement that we saw in the first half of fiscal '10. So on a year-over-year basis, it should be relatively flat. So I hope that helps.
Daniel Heinrich: Lauren, it is a little higher. And basically, that's because the parallel rate continues to deteriorate in Venezuela. So when we provided last quarter's -- on last quarter's earnings call, when we talked about the second half outlook, we had an estimate of the parallel rate being in sort of the 6.7, 6.8 range. Today, as we sit here, we're slightly ahead of 7x. So we have seen some further deterioration in the currency.
Daniel Heinrich: Let me take the last question first. I mean, obviously, it's resin that we've seen the most impact during the quarter. We saw a number of price increases taken into market for various reasons, so most of the pressure was there. And as it relates to what we are forecasting, obviously, we did come in higher on commodity costs than we had anticipated in the quarter.
Daniel Heinrich: Doug, I think, sort of across the board, we're seeing a little bit kind of everywhere. Pine oil continues to go up. We're seeing chlor-alkali starting to come off of its floor and starting to tick up. We also have the input costs for Charcoal business, which is wood waste that we're now having to pay for when we used to get that input for basically free. As I'd say just generally across the board, we're starting to see some modest reinflation.
Daniel Heinrich: With that, there is pricing in our International businesses and there is some level of pricing in the Domestic business.
Daniel Heinrich: Our contracts vary. In some cases, we own raw materials all the way through. In other cases, we pick it up when finished goods are shipped in. So it just depends on the contract.
Lawrence Peiros: So the price rollbacks on the Cleaning side, the Hard Surface Cleaning side, was relatively modest and gets it to more like a 10% premium versus competition, traditional competition from about 15% to 20%. So I wouldn't call that a rollback extreme. It was more extreme on the detergent side. That was essentially funded by a major cost reduction on the product, which actually delivers the same efficacy that allows us to reduce the cost of the formula. That one is much more substantial, more like a 30% kind of range, which essentially puts us in line with the premium detergents in that category. So we continue to be optimistic about the long-term prospects around Green Works. We think we've gotten the value which [ph] (34:07) equation right at this point, partially funded by cost savings. We're getting traction on the business. It's obviously the very early going, but we're getting more traction in the business recently than we have in some time. So we continue to be optimistic about this. This is what I would term a premium niche opportunity in detergents and a broader niche opportunity in Cleaning.
Lawrence Peiros: So we're obviously continuously assessing whether certain parts of our portfolio fit the portfolio, whether we'd better off selling or not selling. Having said that, we feel particularly good about the pipeline of innovation we have had in the past on Glad and we have going in the future on Glad. And so our ability to differentiate on Glad and command a premium price versus competition, we think is real. And we think we have a better growth prospect on Glad than we have on current Auto business.
Lawrence Peiros: Couple of responses. You mentioned that pricing is specific individual brands and categories, and that's absolutely correct. They're always evaluating pricing based on the circumstances of the competitive set and the growth prospects and what we got on the cost side of the equation, et cetera. Specific to the Glad, there have been some significant ups and downs in trade spending, which to some large extent, really is pricing or a component of pricing. So we have made some movements on the trade spending side that are really kind of pricing-related. And I don't want to talk to the specific pricing plans on Glad. But in the event that resin stays at current levels, I think we're prepared to take further pricing on Glad trash or other areas of the Glad portfolio relatively quickly.
Lawrence Peiros: So I think the growth is a mix of things. Obviously, we have some impact of the Venezuela situation, which impacts the results. We have some impact of the H1N1 high base going out in the current year. But net of everything, we're pretty confident that, that sales rate is achievable, given the plans we have in place, and a lots of puts and takes across the portfolio in terms of pricing, trade spending and even marketing investment, which net to that number.
Lawrence Peiros: So I would say that the situation remains competitive, but highly variable by category. And we've talked about kind of the hotbeds of competitive activity in the past, and that would be, certainly, the Glad business and the Clorox 2 category through the wash additives. We do expect trade spending to come down in the course of fiscal '11. Some of that will happen in the first half. Some of that will happen in the first half, but the first half will largely be at kind of the same similar kind of high rates we're experiencing in the second half of this fiscal year. And we expect it'll be significantly lower than the second half of fiscal '11. At least, that's based on our planning assumptions today.
Lawrence Peiros: So the trash category is definitely getting more rational than it has been over the last several quarters. So we're definitely seeing some pullback in spending. It's obviously a reflection of the increase in resin costs. And also, I think there was not a lot of good payback on that trade spending investment over the last year. So we're seeing some pull back there. I think the activity in the Clorox 2 category will probably dissipate as we start to anniversary the launch of the new Tide product and the competitive response to that. And the two categories where, I think, we have experienced the highest level of competitive trade activity, I think we'll see some of that dissipate in fiscal '11.
Lawrence Peiros: So first of all, Hidden Valley encourages you to eat more vegetables, which is healthy. Secondly, there are some slotting fees or introductory fees, but I wouldn't call them material. I think, overall, maybe probably slightly less than a point. And the total company was driven by such fees on charcoal and Hidden Valley Ranch and a couple of other places.
Lawrence Peiros: Q4, what you'll see is basically a continuation of what we've already launched. Nothing significant that will be introduced in Q4. So we're talking continuation of the ForceFlex improvement on Glad trash, the conversion of litter pails to film, the improved charcoal briquet, the Burt's items, Acne and Toothpaste, and the new flavors in Hidden Valley Ranch would be the major ones.
Lawrence Peiros: So I think, overall, I would say that we're obviously suffering a bit from a very tough economy, which is why we have relatively flat categories in the U.S. compared to categories that were growing 3% to 4% a couple of years ago. And we're kind of slogging it out with the consumer and with the competitive set. Having said that, obviously, it varies a lot by category. But we have some extraordinary examples of brand power and the top two, I would say, are Hidden Valley Ranch, which has a very, very significant premium and has been growing share for, I think, about three to four years now, straight. Kingsford charcoal also has a very substantial premium versus competition. And through innovation and great marketing, we've essentially been accelerating that business over the last several years. So if there is a lot across the business, on the Glad business, where I think we have kind of the most commoditization, so to speak, we think we've had good success where we've been able to differentiate, and that's been on the premium trash side. Obviously, less success on the base trash side and parts of the portfolio like the food bags. They are less differentiated. But I'd say, overall, the effect that we have essentially held or slightly increased our all-outlet share over the last year speaks to the power of our brands. And while we have done some increased trade spending and some adjustments, I think the net impact of slightly growing share in a very tough economic situation is a testament to the power of our brands.
Lawrence Peiros: We have actually been very consistent in delivering about between two and four points in innovation this year, last year, and we are projecting essentially the same next year. And the way we track this is, this is innovation both on the form of new items, as well as improvements on existing brands that deliver incremental sales. So when we improve Charcoal, we don't include all of charcoal volume but the incremental volume we get based on the innovation. And so we're pretty confident that we can deliver at historical rates in innovation as we have for a number of years.
Lawrence Peiros: It's in the Cleaning segment, and we're seeing good growth in the Away From Home business, particularly kind of the disinfecting portion of that business. Although it's still a relatively small business, but we're seeing pretty significant growth in a small base.
Lawrence Peiros: We're seeing solid growth in the U.S. business driven in part by the innovation. But obviously, the natural personal care category seemed to grow at a faster pace than traditional personal care. We're also seeing the impact of expansions in international markets. So both of those are going out at the same time.
Lawrence Peiros: The hypochlorite bleach portion of the category was down, and that's where we suffered some volume losses, chiefly driven by that overall category decline. On the Clorox 2 business or the Color-Safe Through-The-Wash Additive business, we continue to see pretty strong increases in that category, driven by the new competition and the response of new competition, so quite different performance in the subcategories of Laundry.
Lawrence Peiros: So it's actually not suddenly down. It hasn't been a healthy category for some time, a little bit faster decline in this quarter than previous quarters. There is a significant portion of our Bleach business that's used for disinfecting chores. We estimate it's about 30%. It's been about that rate of usage for quite a long time. That's not a new phenomenon.
Lawrence Peiros: So we've got some very strong performing businesses in that business segment. And Brita continues to generally be on a very good trend based on sustainability concerns and concern about bottled water waste. The Food business continues to be a very good performer for us, and we expected the results out of Burt's Bees. So I'd be pretty optimistic about our performance on Lifestyle in fiscal '11.
Lawrence Peiros: So Green Works set off to a very fast start, and it's really on the Cleaning side, with regard to major success. It did take a pretty significant hit in the economy headed downturn. And so our recent actions are probably focused on the area of pricing and reducing our premiums versus the alternatives. We've done that in both the cleaning products and the hard surface cleaners. And so we're now about a 10% premium versus traditional cleaners versus a 15% to 20% premium previously. And we have dramatically reduced the price on our detergent products to bring that in line with the premium detergents in the category.
Lawrence Peiros: I would say we are still the leading natural cleaners. Certainly, in that hard surface cleaner, we are the leading natural cleaner, have been quite for quite some time and elected to maintain a significant share of that category.
Lawrence Peiros: So we saw some terrific gains on our Clorox Wipes business in the first half of the year. We anticipated, quite frankly, less robust growth in the third quarter, and we actually saw double-digit increases. So actually the strength of the business was stronger in the third quarter than we anticipated, because we did anticipate a bit of a trough. We do a lot of analytics on inventories and consumption, and we're basically seeing that our sales are tracking with the consumption. And our best guess is what we did is essentially drive new household usage during the H1N1, and we're seeing some of the benefit and consumption among those new households. As we go forward, we start indexing off a very high basis that were driven by the H1N1 issues. And so while we'll see very good performance on Wipes indexing off, the year-ago periods will be difficult. And so we probably are likely to see some declines on our Wipes business going into the future quarters.
Lawrence Peiros: Probably the most material change we've seen is in the Glad category at Wal-Mart. There's a simplified shelf set, and I think it's much more favorably positioned toward Glad and the other products, and so I think we're benefiting from that. Broadscale, I don't think we saw the kind of assortment changes than we anticipated across the industry. So the weather, there has been some reduction at some retail accounts. I don't think it's been dramatic. So we continue to fare well based on the fact that we are typically the number one brands in these categories. So we've hung on to distribution or done some incremental distribution. But we haven't seen the dramatic simplification that now may have been anticipated six months ago.
Lawrence Peiros: So these days, we have a lot of good data on advertising ROIs. And we obviously look at our trade spending pretty intently by category, by customer, to figure out what kind of return we're going to get. So we've seen a tick up in our trade spending. We've kept our advertising essentially at the same kind of 9% to 10% rate for a number of years now. We think that's about the right target. It might vary by quarter, but it's probably about the right target. So we feel good about the mix. So ideally, overtime, the trade spending component would come down a bit. As we've talked about, some of that may be replaced by pricing actions that we take in the market. But expect the trend spending to come down a bit and advertising to be essentially maintained with historical numbers.
Lawrence Peiros: Sorry, I don't think we want to talk about our specific pricing actions or what specifically has baked in because we're not ready to go public with that information.
