Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Let me start, Bill. On Litter, I think it's a combination of things. It's clearly getting new innovation out there. Steve referenced some of that earlier, getting new points of distribution has certainly helped. But we're also getting more aggressive on the merchandising. And thirdly, I think you're going to see -- before the end of the year, you'll see new value-focused, product performance-focused advertising. So I think it's -- clearly, right now, it's the distribution gains and the innovation that's driving. And I think we'll combine that, as I said, with this new advertising starting soon. On Wipes, clearly, as we head into the second half of the year, as you noted, we've got significant overlaps in this quarter, given the strong flu season that was prevalent last year. So far, we're seeing good start off, but we've got increased merchandising coming in the next half of the fiscal year. We've got new innovation. I think you -- most of you saw it out in Pleasanton, the glass wipes and the tub and shower wipes, as we've pushed the product into more usage occasions. You're also going to see more value packs, extended value packs, from us as we move into the new year, grouping more canisters, if you will, into multipacks. So we feel pretty good about it as we move into the second half on Wipes as well. And of course, the value advertising, you started to see that kicked off already in this quarter with the guillotine execution, if you will, where we disinfect twice as much as some of our competitors do. So that's a combination of all those elements.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, Wendy, I think the second quarter will be the toughest one from a volume overlap. Obviously, we had 8.5% revenue growth in that quarter, as you pointed out, and 5% volume growth. So that will be the most challenging. The new product cadence is, obviously, these launches and you saw a number of them when you were out. These launches will begin in January. So if you look at Home Care, for example, in addition to the Wipes we talked about, you've got Pine-Sol innovation with the floor Wipes, the Squirt & Mop Pine-Sol. We've got new bleach items coming out, King Size Scents. We've got the Fraganzia line of bleach. We've got Smart seeking bleach, which you all saw. So -- and we've got new flavors on Hidden Valley, et cetera. So if you go down the major brand list, all of that is hitting in the January, early February timing. So we're going to see some load of that as we get into the December time frame, as people load up on that. So that should help mitigate a little bit, but clearly, the second quarter will be the challenge on the volume cycle.
Donald R. Knauss: By and large, if it's Wipes, for example, the glass and tub and shower wipes, it's more aligned with the standard wipe pricing. If you look at things like Pine-Sol floor wipes and Squirt & Mop and some of the new executions or new products on Brita, for example, and on Glad, with the new Hawaiian Aloha Scent, it's more of a premium price and more of a trade-up. What you're also going to see, though, in that quarter is a step-up in merchandising to support those new items, so that -- so we get off to a fast start. But by and large, I would say over half of the innovation we're doing is a margin enhancement to the company average.
Donald R. Knauss: The one thing I would add, Olivia, on that, is that when we put our algorithm together to get the Healthcare business from the $130 million it is today roughly to $300 million, we thought we needed about $100 million of additional bolt-ons over the next 3 years. That's come down to $60 million because of the strength in the organic growth of what we have acquired and integrated. So it takes some of the pressure off us, but as Steve said, we've got a pretty robust pipeline there.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, let me start, Michael, on the bleach. And I'll turn it to Steve and he can talk on the second part -- the second question you had. We're already starting to see the bleach improving. We're starting to see improved consumption trends as we move into this quarter. I think, to your point, the bulk of the merchandising improvements we'll see as we move into the second half of the fiscal year, particularly as we get some of the new items moving out, like the new King Lavender Scent or the new King Scents we're putting out, the Fraganzia bleach we're putting out and then Smart seeking bleach. So we're going to align more of that merchandising support behind those new items as we move into January, February. But we're already starting to see some modest improvement right now.
Donald R. Knauss: Let me take a shot at this, Ali, and then we can certainly have an off-line conversation about this. It might take longer to get into it. But I think you and I talked about this a little bit at the Analyst Day. If you take the innovation that drives the 3 points of growth, let's take the SMART TUBE technology on spray cleaners. It's not like the 3 points of growth is coming from completely new products. It's coming across a broad range of our existing products. So for example, that SMART TUBE technology on our spray cleaners is an innovation that's counted in that 3% growth. Obviously, it's manifested on Tilex, on 409, et cetera. We're not counting those brands as new, if you will. So a lot of this investment and, certainly, the 9.9% advertising and consumer promotion we're spending in the U.S., is dedicated to reinforcing those innovations. So it's not like we start over every year, I guess. I guess that's where I'm struggling a bit. Because we -- the innovation, a lot of times, is across the base legacy brands.
Donald R. Knauss: And I think to pile on -- with his comment, as he said, once you launch and you get to 3 points of growth, use the words, that it drops off in a year or 2. It actually is built into our base at that point. So we're still typically getting incremental growth out of the items we launched the prior year or the year before that. It's just we're no longer counting them as part of the 3 points.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, we've seen -- yes, obviously, it depends on the category, Ali. But we've seen no real loss on shelf space at all, but net gains on assortment. I think one of the issues we've had, for example, on Bleach is -- the issue on Bleach, for example, in terms of our share loss, hasn't been that we've been getting less distribution gains than private label, but that the productivity of their gains was better. So for example, if you look at the Bleach share we've lost -- and we think that's why we're more confident and the second half we'll start to reverse this -- if you look at where private label has really driven growth in Bleach, it's through scented kings, where they really had no innovation and no presence. And we had that. And so the -- those are more mainstream items. We rolled out things like Gentle Bleach. And while we've got distribution gains and assortment gains, if you will, from shelf space for that, it didn't have the productivity or velocity that a Lavender King Size private label bleach had. So it's not just are you getting the assortment gain in the shelf space. It is, is the productivity of that SKU what you thought it was. And so if you look at the Bleach innovation coming out, for example, the kings, we're starting to plus out the scents because that's where the growth is really being driven. So it's -- we tend to get shelf space. We tend to get more distribution points. What we're trying to do is make sure the efficacy of those distribution points is as solid as it can be.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, if you look at the category trends on salad dressing, the last 13 weeks, the category has been down about 0.5. We've ticked up our share about 0.1. If you look at the last 4 weeks, the category has rebounded a little bit. You never put much into a 4-week number. But the category has been fairly solid over the last year or 18 months. And I think our -- the constant flow of innovation we've had on at Hidden Valley, like with Farm fresh, has really helped drive our share position in that category and helped drive the category growth. So I think a lot of it has been due to our innovation. The interesting thing about Hidden Valley is, as we expand that franchise into adjacencies like pasta salads, sandwich spreads, et cetera, I think it actually helps drive our salad dressing businesses well. It just gets the brand out there front and center into more occasions. And I think that's one of the things that's helped us really gain fairly significant share over the last 3 years.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, the interesting thing is we, obviously, have all talked about the fragile consumer for the last few years. If you look the last 13 weeks in our total categories, they're up 1.2%. If you look at the last month, categories are up about 1.4%. If you go back to fiscal -- calendar year '12, our categories were up about 1.5%. So we're getting back to the historical range of growth in these categories, which is about 1% to 2%. We did have a dip in the first 6 months of this calendar year, in '13, where we kind of went flattish, but we're starting to see the categories come back a little bit north of 1%. So that -- we think that bodes well, that we're at least getting back into the historical range.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, let me start, Lauren, and then maybe Steve will want to jump in. I think on Brita, we saw a little bit of a volume loss, not much in the quarter, but we did see some sales growth again. And we're starting to see some share gain again. If you look at the last 4 weeks, we've seen a little bit of share gain as the category rebounds a bit. This is a category, if you look at the last 13 weeks, where Filtration has been down almost 3%. If you look at the last month, it's actually been up a little bit, about almost 1%. It's a category for the last year or 18 months that's been under a lot of pressure from bottled water as these guys really go deep on pricing. I think we're fairly pleased with the innovation. The kids' bottles have done okay, not -- they haven't blown the doors off, but they've certainly done okay. If you look at what's coming in January with -- we've got more prints coming out. We've got the universal filter coming out. We've got a hard-sided 34-ounce Brita on-the-go bottle, if you will. And we've also got the Hello Kitty bottle for kids coming out. So there's a lot of news coming on that business. So we feel fairly bullish coming into the second half of the fiscal year. It's probably the strongest innovation pipeline we've had on Brita for a while.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, that share is approaching 70 or north thereof, so we do feel pretty good about that. That's one of those things. So that business, Lauren, to us, is more of an image business than, obviously, what you'd put in your refrigerator. So it's going to -- it takes constant innovation around design. And that's what we're focused on, is having a cadence of innovation on the bottle business that keeps it on the forefront of people's mind from an image standpoint, design standpoint.
Donald R. Knauss: No. Kids was launched, basically, with the back-to-school season this year. So in the last few months.
Donald R. Knauss: The hard-sided. That was the one, when you were out for our Analyst Day, you may have seen. We had a number of different Nickelodeon-type characters on it. Yes, that was Dora the Explorer. And the Hello Kitty version is coming in January.
Donald R. Knauss: Chris, I was down in Colombia, Peru and Argentina about 3 weeks ago. And I think, certainly, one of the things we're doing in Argentina, is innovating, being fully aware of where the price controls are and how we innovate to get around some of those price controls with different products that the government says is okay. I think having said that, we are getting more positive signs from the government post the congressional elections of this month, that they may be more open to pricing. We'll see how that plays out.
Donald R. Knauss: It's a little complicated, but I would say is, we don't do any formal hedging, I'll say that. What we do is, because of just the flow of resin through the cycle, we'll -- we can sometimes lag anywhere between 30 and 90 days depending on the form of resin. Resin blends that we use depends on the product that we're making. We buy HDPE. We buy linear load density polyethylene. So we're buying all the various grades, typically. But the trash bag business, which is the biggest one, uses linear load.
Donald R. Knauss: And Jason, just for clarity, you mentioned, I think your words were, we leaned on leverage a little bit. As Steve noted, we're at 2.1x, prior quarter 2.2x, the quarter before. So a little unclear in terms of what you're referring to. I just wanted to be certain of that.
Donald R. Knauss: Okay. But we all know is, within our leverage range on the debt-to-EBITDA basis, we've been pretty consistent or flat over the last couple of quarters.
Donald R. Knauss: Okay. Well, we certainly appreciate everyone's participation. Happy Halloween to all and have a safe one. And we'll speak to you next quarter. Take care.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, Bill. This is Steve. I think the truth is nobody knows. I mean, what we do know is the official rate is sitting right around 6.3, obviously. If you look at CCEM [ph], which is the mechanism that they've put in place when they've had periodic auctions there, I mean, that's sitting at 11. And by the way, the parallel rate, as of this morning, I think was like 55. So pretty big spread. I think there's no doubt that there's going to be a devaluation. Everything we've heard from the experts is they think it's going to happen sometime next calendar year, probably, in the first of the calendar year. But beyond that, it's really hard to say. I think the government is trying to slow down in terms of how fast they do that for a variety of reasons. But when you've got a parallel rate that's sitting in almost 55 relative to the official rate, it's not whether there's going to be a devaluation it's just how much and when. And I think that's what we're all monitoring closely.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, that's pretty close. And I think what we've said is the $0.05 to $0.10 still feels right to us to pick up the operating challenges we have. A little more of that's likely to fall in first half than the second half, but your estimate for the first quarter is pretty close.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, so this is Steve, let me lead off. So from a crude oil standpoint, our latest assumption is that oil will trade in the range of $95 to $105. Although, as I say that, the one thing I always want to remind folks, that a lot of the markets that we're buying commodities, things like resin, they trade as much on supply and demand as they do crude oil and nat gas and these other things. But $95 to $105 is what we're assuming. As far as cost savings, we got off to a pretty quick start. We hit 180 basis points of cost savings, as I mentioned, in the first quarter. A lot of that was being driven by the new bleach, the concentrated bleach, and that has really been delivering pretty significant results for us in the P&L and we're certainly seeing that come through cost savings. In fact, we remain -- we're still targeting the 150 basis points of margin expansion from the cost savings programs. But this is one of the things we'll be leaning into to try to mitigate some of the higher commodity costs that, obviously, we're seeing in the form of resin. So we feel good about the pipeline and the programs and our ability to help mitigate at least some of the higher commodity costs this year and, certainly, over the longer term.
Stephen M. Robb: We're going to hold with the 150 basis points. That's our long-term target. And again, our goal is always to try to hit that and try to beat it when we can. But we'd also say that when you have a 3-year pipeline of ideas that constantly pursuing, we're focused on steady, solid execution of the projects we have as opposed to trying to spike it in one quarter or another, which is very hard to do, given how we run the programs.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. And again, we had done 3 acquisitions in the space over a couple of years. What I would say is we've got a robust pipeline of companies that we're always looking at and that we're interested in. It's really hard to do call the timing of these but I feel good about the pipeline, I feel good about our ability over the next 3 to 5 years to get some additional bolt-on acquisitions in that space. But you have to kind of work these 3 over time and it does take a little time. So very hard to predict. But again, good, healthy pipeline. Feel good about our prospects for the future.
Stephen M. Robb: And regarding your question about Lifestyle margins and profitability, it is all due to the investments we're making in systems. Essentially, Burt's Bees, as we've talked before, this is business is growing double digits, fast-growing. It's expected to continue to grow pretty fast. We've simply outgrown the systems that we have in the business when we acquired it. So we're in the process of investing to move them onto our U.S. SAP platform. Good news is, we turned the system on in October, it's going extremely well. And we think that you're going to continue to see costs come through that segment for another quarter or 2. But after that, we should start to anniversary that and you'll see the profitability come right back.
Stephen M. Robb: Okay. Let me start with the tax piece. There's been no fundamental shift. I mean, we're seeing tax rates of about 34%, okay? So I really wouldn't attribute it to any of that. It really is what I said in my opening comments, which is, about $0.05 is related to the foreign currencies. The previous estimate we had for foreign currencies was down about 6 months ago, so things have obviously shifted. And then, the other $0.05, really, is this higher commodity costs, net of all of the mitigating actions that we're taking to offset it. As far as Venezuela, again, as I said, that we're continuing to use the official exchange rate like everyone else, of 6.3. And we really haven't made any changes in our outlook for Venezuela either in terms of devaluation or the operating climate, notwithstanding that we did a little bit better in the first quarter than we had expected there.
Stephen M. Robb: I think long term, we feel very good about being able to mitigate this and protect our margins. Again, we took a pretty sharp increase in resin in September. So within any given fiscal year, it can be a challenge to offset 100% of this. But certainly, over the long term, we feel very good. And the actions, as I mentioned earlier, that we're taking, we're going to take a hard look at pricing, primarily, international pricing, where we think we have some opportunity. Cost savings certainly came in strong for the first quarter and that's an area that we're going to continue to lean into. And then, of course, SG&A. So I think we're going to do what we do well, which is focus on the fundamentals and take the right actions. Understand the share challenges, but we fundamentally believe that these brands have pricing power. We've seen that over the long term and remain fairly confident that we can recover any margin pressures from commodities over the long-term, doing the things that we do well.
Stephen M. Robb: Ali, this is Steve. I'd make a couple of other points. Number one, just for clarity, the 3 percentage points that we talked about from incremental sales, that's net of cannibalization, okay? Second, in our internal financial hurdles, we're always focused on long-term, incremental sales associated with consumer-meaningful innovations. So it's not like this stuff is launching and disappearing. I mean, we try to focus on consumer-meaningful innovation that has staying power. And ideally, it's margin accretive. As a minimum, we like it to be net neutral to an SBU, but we really do target to make it margin accretive, because that creates a fuel for growth to be able to invest more behind the brand. So the stuff does have staying power. It's certainly what we've been seeing in all the work that we've been doing.
Stephen M. Robb: And Lauren, I'd just add on the bottle segment of Water Filtration, which is the fastest-growing segment, we have a market share that's even higher than our broader business, which, as you know, is pretty healthy. So we feel pretty good about that.
Stephen M. Robb: I think as we said in the last Analyst Day from a retailer inventory, there's always going to be adjustments in the retail environment. But our categories tend to be very fast-moving off-shelf. We tend to tightly control the inventories in partnership with our retailers. So it can have a little bit of a noise in the quarter but it hasn't been meaningful for us, I would say.
Stephen M. Robb: It's really hard to know. Historically, if you look at countries with price controls, including Venezuela, usually following a devaluation -- although this can lag some time, generally, there's this some kind of relaxation on the price controls because ultimately, what they're trying to do is get more product on-shelf that's both domestically produced, as well as important products. It's the scarcity on-shelf that they're trying to fix by making some of these changes. So I think it's a fairly decent presumption that if there's a devaluation at some point, price controls will be relaxed at least somewhat and you'll be able to get some pricing through. But that's a pretty unusual market there and we'll just have to wait and see.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. So to your point, we did enter the market and we picked up about 1.6 million shares, spend about $130 million. First, I would just point out that our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was about 2.1x. So we're certainly at the low end of our leverage range. The outlook that we provided today does anticipate that we'll continue to do some level of share repurchases, but probably more to just offset stock option dilution than anything else. I think going forward, what we have committed to, and I think we've got a pretty good track record of doing, is if we're building up excess cash, we look for ways to get that back to shareholders. At this point, the idea of doing a major share repurchase by leveraging up, that is not something that we're contemplating at this point. I think we're comfortable with our leverage ratio, feel very good about the strength of our cash flows. And I think it's safe to say, as we build up cash flow, we'll look for ways to get that back to our shareholders, consistent with past practice.
