Benno O. Dorer: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. As Steve Austenfeld noted when he opened the call, there are three key messages we have for you today. First, I feel particularly good about our Q4 and fiscal year 2015 performance, in the face of a challenging economic environment, Clorox people have really stepped up to drive results. We're accelerating growth and we're doing so profitably as evident in the strong top and bottom line results we reported today. And as Steve Robb noted, in fiscal year 2015, we generated the highest level of free cash flow in more than 10 years. Our increased demand-building investments are paying off in category growth and market share gains with Q4 market share growth the highest it has been in four years from strong contributions across most of the portfolio. And we're making good progress against our Strategy 2020 accelerators. I believe that they will continue to create value to drive profitable growth in the years to come. Two standout examples from fiscal year 2015 of how we're accelerating portfolio momentum, our e-commerce and U.S. Burt's Bees businesses where we stepped up our investments to drive strong double-digit sales gains. Second, our outlook reflects a very healthy base business, but also the reality of an increasingly difficult international environment. As you think about our fiscal year 2016 outlook, please consider the following. Our strategic choices are working for us in the marketplace and we feel very good about our U.S. business, which is fundamentally very healthy. And at the same time, in our International business, foreign exchange headwinds are strong across all major currencies with recent double-digit exchange rate declines and international economies are slowing. In response, we've made the conscious decision to reduce spending across much of our International business and accept somewhat slower growth in those markets as we focus on rebuilding our margins. Third, our outlook is balanced, reflecting our view of strengths, opportunities, and challenges. We'll continue focusing on our accelerators, which are working so well for us, including driving demand in our core business as well as trial of new products behind a strong innovation program, supported with increased U.S. advertising, sales promotions, and trade promotion spending. Our biggest challenge in near-term really is our International business as we've discussed today. Longer term, I feel very good about the prospect for this division. We have leading brands that are growing market shares and we have promising growth platforms, including Burt's Bees, which is now in a large number of countries. So when the foreign exchange headwinds subside and international economies improve, I do believe our International business will be in a solid position to benefit. And with that, let's open it up for your questions.
Benno O. Dorer: I would say competitively, Steve, we're seeing what we said we would see. We're certainly spending into our price increases in bleach and in Glad where we feel like that's justified. But, as far as competition is concerned, what we've said is – before is, that it's somewhat elevated as compared to historical levels, but I would say that it's somewhat elevated certainly not very elevated and that's playing out as we anticipated.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Chris, good afternoon. So, first of all, what we've said is indeed we would like to spend 1 percentage point of sales over time behind our brands. We've also said that that spending could move around, certainly move around by quarter, but also move around by bucket. So, in some cases, it could be advertising, it could be sales promotion, it could be innovation supports, it could be a trade promotional pricing, really where we see the ROI, as you know we're pretty disciplined in how we measure ROI and how we spend our dollars depending on where we get the greatest return. That is still the right number. Originally, when we started this Strategy 2020 journey, we thought that we would step into that over time, and we certainly saw an opportunity over the last fiscal year to step into it faster, which we have in the back half. So, this 1 percentage point increase is still the right target. It's working, certainly as you've seen in top line growth, as you've seen in share growth, but it's also working given that, as you know, we're interested in profitable growth, so we see it flow through in the bottom line. So we're staying committed to it and it's still the right number.
Benno O. Dorer: And, Olivia, one thing I'd just add is more broadly that part of the strength that we're seeing on a top line, we certainly think is because we're very focused on delivering value to consumers, so this focus on value is playing out. And while value is more than just pricing, we're certainly always monitoring the price gap and we have good processes in place, making sure the price sensitivity is where it needs to be, and always following a price increase you want to be extra mindful of that and our remarks spoke to that.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Thanks, Olivia. On Burt's Bees, like you said, really nice success with double-digit sales growth in fiscal year 2015, which has really been strong also compared to previous years as we stepped up investments. Three growth pillars. First of all, just continued growth opportunities on the base businesses, the categories that we're already in, in the U.S., in Canada, given that we're seeing opportunities that we have, for the first time, taken advantage now in fiscal 2015 through TV advertising to just grow awareness and trial on the base, and we think that there is a lot of space in this first growth pillar. Second growth pillar, getting into new categories. Third growth pillar, in international. As for new categories, yes, there still is a lot of opportunity and one thing that we will be doing in the front half that goes exactly after this opportunity is later on in the first half launch color lipsticks. So this is our first foray into lipsticks. It's a category where there is a sizable consumer need for natural products and we have a wonderful product out there, both in terms of product performance as well as in terms of packaging, that we think is highly differentiated and we have started to engage our customers in this opportunity and are getting real enthusiastic response. So that's the next one up where we feel like we can make a significant dent in the new category. But like I said, over time, there should be additional opportunities to get into new categories beyond this.
Benno O. Dorer: Perhaps, Ali, with the exception of international of course where volumes may be somewhat under pressure and where we'll continue to do the best we can on pricing to offset the FX and cost inflation headwinds.
Benno O. Dorer: So, I would say, if we take those in turn, in Laundry, that's gone about as expected, the category has actually done very well. And the category has done and has been at its best since we've started lapping the compaction a few years ago. So, feeling really good about that and I would call that about in line share continues to grow. So, that's as expected. Glad, I would call that's better than expected with strong sales growth, but also strong volume growth. And I would associate that with a really strong starts behind our Glad OdorShield Febreze with Gain scented trash bags that have helped us grow not just the dollar share, but also volume share in the last quarter. And we're certainly continued to invest in that, because we have a lot of momentum in that. And in Q1, we'll double down on innovation and we will launch, for the first time, Glad with Clorox trash bags and what that is, is a new premium trash bag with an antimicrobial agent embedded in the drawstring and we think that that'll continue to extend the string of nice successes we've had behind innovation in the categories. So, Glad certainly going better than expected and we're investing behind the momentum.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Joe, if you look at cleaning, the strength actually has been in all parts of the business certainly wipes has been up double-digits. And I would say that we're certainly investing in merchandising, but as we invest in merchandising it's behind innovations and it's to drive trial, because as you'll recall the household penetration in this category is still at/or about 50%, so I look at that as glass half-empty I guess and there is still an opportunity to keep driving impulse purchases and household penetration that way. But also Clorox cleanup sprays and toilet bowl cleaners and those are significant businesses, they were up double-digits in sales in the last quarter, so I feel like the Home Care strength is relatively broad-based and also fueled by a relatively strong innovation program. Bleach, we talked was up. Clorox 2 grew share significantly and that's been departure from previous trends and we're feeling good about that business. And also, our Professional business displayed really a solid growth. So, in a nutshell, I'm feeling good about the momentum across all of cleaning. We'll keep investing in profitable growth. Certainly results at this point are particularly strong and I would be cautious to say that we should expect a continuation of trends like it. But, I like where we are and I like where we're going.
Benno O. Dorer: Tough to quantify in percentages certainly, but, as you know, we are very focused in bleach not just to drive market share, but to drive quality of market share and what we mean by that is to keep shifting the business towards value-added segments. Splash-Less is the star right now. The scented bleach segment falls into that category as well. And this quarter, we will launch bleach packs and bleach crystals, a premium price innovation that gives consumers the performance of Clorox bleach in a more convenient form that's easy to dose. So, we feel like there is significant upside and the consumer is responding to those value-added innovations and we'll keep driving that.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. What we said is that we will spend an additional percentage point of sales and we've said that those dollars will move around, so you will always see shifts between quarters. Within advertising and sales promotion, if you look at advertising and sales promotion is actually up. So, we are spending incrementally in trade, but that spending is incremental to advertising and sales promotion and not replacement to advertising and sales promotion. What we are certainly doing within advertising and sales promotion is shift from international, where the returns in some countries right now are clearly lower and we're not interested in investing in not-profitable volume. And those dollars go into the U.S. where we are seeing a nice return and where you see that deliver strong growth in businesses like Burt's Bees, but also Home Care. So, trade is incremental right now to advertising sales promotion, that's probably going to be here to stay for a little while at the somewhat elevated basis, but we're also continuing to be very committed to advertising and sales promotion spend as is evident in the fiscal year results, and we like the return in that area as well.
Benno O. Dorer: So the wipes business has been a growth driver for us for a while and I'm confident that it can and will be going forward. And the way we're going to drive growth is, one, a focus on delivering superior value to the consumer, we have a consumer-preferred product and we're making clear to the consumer that they are aware of this value superiority and we're certainly investing very strongly in advertising sales promotion and also in trade promotion like I said. And then, two, innovation and one innovation that's done particularly well for us over the last six months is the wipes with the micro scrubbers for particularly tough tasks and we're certainly driving that innovation through spending that creates awareness and trial. At the end of the day, while wipes is on trend, we've talked to many of you in the past about consumers moving towards cleaning in the flow occasions that don't disrupt the flow of the day and wipes are the preferred product form to meet this consumer need, so there is a tremendous consumer tailwind. And with the market share of back at about 50%, we're really poised to capitalize on that trend. So, we see tremendous opportunities for continued growth in this segment.
Benno O. Dorer: I would suggest, Jason, the one thing you probably can't see through scanner data is our Professional Products business because that's obviously all non-retail. So the strength in that business I think probably helps drive some of the volume strength in the quarter and you're just not able to pick that up.
Benno O. Dorer: Jason, the one area certainly, and we covered this, but I want to make sure that you guys all register that, certainly is Charcoal, where we did have a very strong Q1 of last fiscal year and where, in contrast, the weather this year, Memorial Day and beyond has been mixed, so there is a chance for lower shipments in Q1 this year, but in cleaning, it's been a clean quarter, no pun intended.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Erin, thanks for that. So that's a business that we like, it's on trend and category growth is strong. It's a business where historically we've done very well. But, clearly, at this point, it's one of the two businesses that's not growing share. Frankly, if you look at the last four weeks to five weeks share period, it's the only business that's not growing share, so not happy where it is. And my message on the business really is unchanged compared to what we said last quarter. We're not after buying share back, we want to earn share back and what that requires is strong innovation. The competitive landscape in this category has changed, it is a very competitive category and it does require more and more frequent innovation in the category. We're feeling good about Lightweight litter which, as you noted, was launched last year, and that's growing nicely, and we're investing behind it. But it does require more significant innovation and what we've said before is that that innovation will come in the back half of this fiscal year, and that's exactly what will happen. So, I do think that it will take until the back half until we will see shares materially improve but I'm confident that that's going to happen based on what I know about this innovation, and we'll certainly let you know more once we can talk about it in one of the next quarter earnings releases.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Erin, it's the latter. We're overall happy with our portfolio in the U.S. and beyond. To International, sales grew 11% on a currency neutral basis in the last quarter. And in fact, we're gaining market share in International, so that should tell you that we have strength, we have strong brands that people like, but because of the macroeconomics that strength is not translating into top line that we can count on and bottom line. Fiscal year 2016 is going to be another tough year in international, again driven by macros, in particular of course FX as we expect three points of headwinds, but in the long run you'd have to expect that the fundamentals, the macros improve. And then, I'm confident that we're poised to benefit from that.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Lauren, one thing that is sometimes overlooked is that, in our Professional business, e-commerce actually is a significant growth driver as people buy in particular through office supplies customers. So there's nothing unusual in the Professional segments, we're seeing good strength across all segments as Steve noted. Certainly also as we've said earlier in the call, Ebola is something that we're anniversarying later this fall and that's a watch-out as we think about the Professional business for this fiscal year, certainly in the front half. But in general, what we've said is that the Professional business is a growth driver for us as a company and we feel good about the progress and the prospects.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. Thank you. Let me sum this up. We're pleased to have delivered a strong fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 financial performance, reflecting our efforts to accelerate growth profitably. Our business is fundamentally healthy and our outlook presents a balanced view of our strengths and the challenges and opportunities we see in the year ahead for our business. So, thank you.
Stephen M. Robb: So, Steve, we actually have seen it. In fiscal 2015, we actually stepped up our total consumer demand-building investment and included in that was a step-up of the trade promotion spending. So, we're certainly leaning in and you've seen that in fiscal 2015. For fiscal 2016, particularly in the first half, we are going to continue to lean into the trade spending really to do two things for us. First to drive trial of our new products because we know if we can get trial we generally do well with repeat on those new products. And then second is just to support retail execution. So we have been stepping up the investment, we're going to do a bit more because it's working for us and the payouts look good. But, it is flowing through the P&L.
Stephen M. Robb: Okay. So let me start with the first question on capital expenditures. Yeah, historically, we've spent at the level of depreciation and amortization and I think that's still the right level for the company over the long-term. It has been a bit less than that over the last two years, as you pointed out, and that was a conscious decision on our part, after we had made some pretty significant investments to rebuild R&D facilities, put SAP into the Latin American business. But I think for a long-term modeling, certainly, how we think about it is CapEx should run in line with depreciation and amortization. Terms of the priorities for the use of cash, these remain unchanged. The number one goal is to accelerate top line growth profitability. And we think we've got plenty of cash to do that, but we'd like to do that organically. Second is, we're still committed to bolt-on acquisitions through our M&A efforts, it's been more challenging over the last couple of years, but we're cautiously optimistic we'll get some traction on that over the next year or two. The dividend has been very important to many of our investors and so we've been prioritizing returning cash through that dividend over the last couple of years and I think you'll see us continue to do that. And then if we've got excess cash that's pooling up, again as we've done for many years either through the dividend or share repurchases, we look to get it back. So no change to capital allocation for the company, it will continue to be disciplined and consistent with the priorities that we've outlined before.
Stephen M. Robb: I think what we've said for long time is again the long-term debt-to-EBITDA, we think 2 to 2.5 is in our sweet spot, not afraid to let that go down a little below the 2 to 2.5 to build a dry powder for M&A. But we're also not afraid to let it go a little bit above 2.5 for some period of time if we've got good opportunities. So I think you'll see that number moving around over time depending on the opportunities.
Stephen M. Robb: Good question. As we said, we believe that our gross margins will be about flat, but you'll have some variability across the quarters. Couple of things. What's working for us, our cost savings programs continue to perform well. We're very pleased with the in-market execution of the price increases that we've taken, and we'll continue to look to take pricing, particularly in the international markets, which, as you know, has higher rates of inflation. I think – and commodities will likely be a tailwind certainly for the first half of the fiscal year is what we're modeling. The things that will mitigate a lot of this, to some extent, manufacturing and logistics was about 110 basis points for the full year this year and I think it's likely to continue to be a headwind for some time for us. FX is a big issue, because that puts a drag on the margins. And then finally as we indicated a few minutes ago, we are going to step-up our level of trade promotion investment behind these new products in retail execution. So, when you net all of those things together, we think gross margin will be about flat. And here is what's important to remember, we've got a good plan in place to drive EBIT margin expansion in fiscal 2016. So, we are targeting 25 bps to 50 bps of the EBIT margin expansion, and we feel like we're very much on track to deliver that for the full fiscal year.
Stephen M. Robb: So you're asking me, what our first half outlook is versus our second half? So I'm going to reference back, we do provide a full year outlook, I think there's a couple of things, though, I will point out about the first half, just as a quick reminder. As you think of the sales growth in the first half, we do need to anniversary some pretty strong Charcoal growth numbers in the first quarter of year ago, so that's an important thing to keep an eye on. Second thing is, you might recall we have the Ebola and other concerns in the second quarter, so we're certainly going to have to lap those numbers and we're watching foreign currency pretty carefully. But beyond that, there's going to be puts and takes across the quarters and I think we're going to hold to the full year outlook at this point. And keep in mind, we're one month into the fiscal year so I think we need a little more time before we start providing more detailed color.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah, certainly, we've taken increases obviously on bleach and Glad, both of which have gone fairly well for us. Although I would say that, historically, particularly on the Glad business, we have spent some of the money back and that's certainly what we're doing. And historically, more than 50% of the resin savings have been spent back in the market and we're doing that, we're spending probably a bit more. So I would say, on balance, both businesses are doing well from a market share standpoint. We're pleased with the execution, but not unexpectedly we're having to spend some of that back to manage the price gaps which are pretty consistent with what we would expect.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, certainly given foreign currency headwinds, yeah, I think you're going to see volume obviously outstripping sales growth, just because of that.
Stephen M. Robb: Okay. Well, I'll let you do the math. But the three things that we would point out are, number one, the fact that we are going to invest more in the business, that will come through trade spending and, in the short-term, that's depressive to gross margin, over the long-term as you drive trial and repeat, it's a good thing. Manufacturing logistics cost, which does impact us probably a little bit more than other companies because we tend to run heavier loads and longer lanes, so that'll be some pressure. And then, again, foreign currency, obviously, is going to continue to be a drag including Argentina. Let me spend a minute on your question regarding Argentina because I recognize that we're probably a bit unique in terms of putting this into the outlook, but we think it's prudent to put this into the outlook, and why is that? Well, number one, inflation rates as we all know in Argentina are running well ahead of a lot of other countries. Number two, we've not seen a devaluation in that country for quite some time, most of the leading economists are actually projecting that there will be a major devaluation sometime in the next year or so. And third, and this is a very important point, one of the leading indicators of a devaluation is the difference between the parallel rate and the official government rate and that has been widening pretty consistently in Argentina for some time. So for all of those reasons, we do think a devaluation in Argentina is likely. Obviously the timing and the amount is very difficult to call, but we wanted to call that out and put that in the outlook because we thought that was important for people to understand. And we'll need to get farther into the year and see how that actually plays out. But we do think there is a real risk for this company and probably for other companies in Argentina.
Stephen M. Robb: So I would say that when you look at that segment and you're looking at businesses like Brita and Burt's Bees and Food, they have very attractive margins, so there is no change to that. As those businesses deliver growth, that'll give us a bit of tailwind from a margin standpoint, so continue to feel good. The fact that the margin was down a bit in the fourth quarter, not concerned, we're spending a bit more behind Burt's Bees. We've got the lip color launch that Benno talked, that's going incredibly well. So it was a conscious decision in our part to invest a bit more in that business. And from a top line growth standpoint, I think we continue to feel very good about Burt's for the full year. It was double-digit grower. The Brita business has been a bit of a drag on the business, but I was very pleased to see in the fourth quarter we actually had some positive growth on Brita, and so, I think, some of the actions we're taking are starting to get traction. And again, Hidden Valley Ranch continues to perform well. But we did struggle a bit with the KC Masterpiece and that hurt us a bit in the quarter. So, on balance, feeling very good about the segment and the plans that we've got in place for those businesses.
Stephen M. Robb: Faiza, again what we would really focus on is the fact that we do have a plan to get to the 25 bps to 50 bps of EBIT margin expansion. A good chunk of that is going to come from lower S&A costs in part because of the productivity efforts that we put in place in the company and in part because we expect to normalize our incentive compensation cost, so I think that'll be the biggest single contributor. As a company, as Benno indicated, we're going to invest and invest a bit more heavily in consumer demand-building investment, but the mix across the quarters can move between advertising as well as trade.
Stephen M. Robb: So – I don't know if I can bridge all the way, although I will say two points of gross margin drag associated with FX seems a bit large, so let me try to clarify on that. Second, there may be a difference in commodity assumptions again, I don't know exactly how you're modeling the math, but I can tell you that we do expect a modest commodity tailwind certainly in the first half of the fiscal year, but we are expecting energy prices to begin strengthening in the second half of our fiscal year and that we'll start to mitigate some of that tailwind. So, again, we're expecting a very modest tailwind from commodities at this point and maybe that's one of the differences.
Stephen M. Robb: You know when you're dealing with things like resin, it's always a factor of obviously supply and demand, which is the biggest single determinant, and, in that respect, it's reasonably tight out there. And then of course energy prices, which good people can debate it. But I think what we have read and what we have heard is, probably next calendar year, you'll start to see those markets come into balance a little bit more. As a result, that should push back up on energy prices somewhat, so that plus a tightening supply/demand environment is a reason we believe that the markets will firm. We also saw price increase in resin, actually in May of this year, so we've even seen the early signs that the market's still firming up. To be clear, still down versus year ago, but starting to firm up a bit.
Stephen M. Robb: I think it's broad-based. We're seeing our foodservice business has actually done quite well. The Jan/San business continues to perform well. And we're continuing to expand in the healthcare, just bringing on new items into distribution, but just picking up new contracts as well.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah. Well, keep in mind, there's some one-time items that flow through fiscal 2015, things like the sale of the low-income housing partnership assets in the quarter. So to the extent that you're seeing some one-time benefits come through, we would not project those forward.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah, I think flat is probably not a bad estimate, again, because the items that occurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 where we made some changes, but also in the fourth quarter, those things are going to anniversary out.
