Donald Knauss: Thank you, Dan. Hello, everyone. I too obviously feel very good about the fiscal year 2010 performance. I think, in particular, what that performance indicates is that we have the right strategy to manage our business effectively in any environment, and I believe our people executed our centennial strategy with excellence in fiscal year '10, and I'm especially proud of their focus on the 3Ds, the three moments of truth we talk a lot about with all of you on Desire, Decide and Delight. Let me just share some examples of that. Our share of voice remains strong in fiscal year '10 behind further increases in advertising to drive consumer desire for our brands. We believe our traditional advertising is becoming more effective and efficient, and at the same time, we're devoting an ever-increasing portion of our advertising budget to digital consumer communications, really allowing us to leverage insights and target consumers more effectively. So you’re now as likely to see one of our brands on Facebook as you are on daytime TV. Now personally, having made more than 30 customer visits around the globe in fiscal '10, I certainly wanted to maintain my focus and commitment to our strategic partnerships with retailers to ensure we are well positioned on shelf at the point of Decide where, I think, as most of you know, most of the consumer purchase decisions are still be made. Now in a challenging sales environment out there, I think retailers are returning to strong national brands to help drive traffic as private label sales are starting to slow. And while private label will always have a role to play, providing opening price points for consumers, I think we’re starting to see a more balanced approach as retailers recognize the difficulty of trying to drive category growth with private label alone, which represents only a fraction of any given category. For example, in Home Care, which is our largest category, private label has less than a 10% share of the category. And I think retailers also appreciate the innovation and 3D execution we bring to our categories, including our really strong capabilities in category advisory services. And I think, for those of you who track the Cannondale surveys, I think that was reflected in our being named #7 among the top 10 strategic partners in the most recent survey. And lastly, in the area of Delight as noted, we achieved our innovation target of two points of growth from new products that are certainly resonating well with consumers. As a reminder, this measures true incremental growth and is net of cannibalization. Now with 47% of our sales this year coming from products with a 60/40 superiority versus competitors, we’re well on our way to meeting the goal we talked to you about a few years ago of meeting 50% of our products with that kind of 60/40 win by 2013. So we obviously aim to go even higher. And throughout the year, our brands received numerous accolades from consumers in the industry. I'd just like to mention two. First, Burt’s Bees was named the #1 green brand in the United States on the fifth annual ImagePower Green Brands survey, which polls more than 9,000 people in eight countries. And this measures all consumer categories from cars to cleaners to catsup. S we feel very good about Burt’s performance in that survey. And then Clorox led the pack and tied its highest score ever on this year’s American Customer Satisfaction Index. For more than a decade, we’ve ranked at the top of this index, which is a measure of the quality of our products as experienced by our consumers and customers. We’re rated within the Personal Care and Cleaning Products category in that survey, and that segment includes Procter & Gamble, Unilever and Colgate. I think the organization's consistent focus on the 3Ds resulted in the all-outlet U.S. and International share gains that Larry talked about, and I think they’re just a few of the reasons I’m proud of the organization's outstanding focus and execution on our strategy in fiscal year '10. Let me take just a minute to recap our performance against another key element of the centennial strategy, one we've talked a lot about with you, and that’s economic profit or EP. EP for the year came in at $433 million compared with $376 million for the prior year, an increase of 15%. So I'm especially pleased that we delivered our double-digit EP growth goal, which we call our true north because it's proven to align with generating shareholder return and value creation over the long term. So as we move into FY '11, we remain committed to our long-term targets in delivering our annual results as Dan and Larry talked about. I'm certainly proud of this company’s consistency in performance in this environment. We delivered in FY '10, and I'm confident in our ability to again deliver in FY '11 and make further progress against our long-term targets. And with that, let me open it up to questions.
Donald Knauss: And the only thing I would add, Ali, is if you look at the fourth quarter change in sales on Kingsford and on Hidden Valley, it’s within one or two percentage points of what the full year was. So while we got some terrific support on one SKU in particular, on Hidden Valley, 24-ounce, when you look at that differential, it's not very material at all. So they've had very strong years.
Donald Knauss: I think the onus on folks like us is always to improve our overall value equation. And obviously, when there's a lot of stress on consumer and a lot of focus by retailers on value, there may be some short-term kind of price gap issues at shelf that you need to take care of. But we're still fundamentally focused on driving value in our brands in both the advertising investment bucket, as well as the innovation bucket. And really, our success over time is measured by how we can do things that aren't price-related or make brands growth that are premium priced like a Kingsford or like a Hidden Valley. So I expect that we're in a bit of a trough here in terms of trade promotion spending given the value cost to consumer and the retailer. I think, over time, that will probably diminish, and I think we'll see more return back to advertising innovation as a way to drive growth over the long term.
Donald Knauss: I don't guess that there'll be a big change for us. I think we are a bit net positive on some of their assortment changes, in particular in the Trash category. It was positive for us. But overall, I don't think it was a huge change for us, and I don't expect it’ll be a huge change for us going forward.
Donald Knauss: I think the only thing I’d add to that, Bill, is I’d go out there and talk to -- on those 30 visits, I talked about -- deflation is the biggest concern. So while I think Larry’s right, it’s a bit of both, I think it started with the retailers really recognizing that they were starting to deflate these categories. And it's interesting, if you look at the tracked data, as I know you guys do, and while it represents only about 1/3 of our volume, it’s probably the most heavily developed for private label. That the growth rates for private label for the last 52 weeks were about 1.4 points, and they declined 0.4 as we talked about the last month. But in share gains, when you look at the last year, private label’s up only 4/10 of a share point on all our categories from a 17.7 to 18.1. So I think that's the consumer coming into it and saying, “You know what, as long as the branded guys are giving me a good value.” Price gaps are sharp enough, and when we operate within a 25% to 35% premium, that's usually a good space for us to be able to gain shares. So I think the concerns around deflation from the retailer and then sharpening, as Larry said, the price gaps and picking up the pace of innovation’s helped on the consumer side.
Donald Knauss: So resin prices are definitely up year-over-year, and we're definitely still kind of catching up on our margins relative to resin cost. This is also a smaller price increase than we've taken historically. We typically take a 9% to 10% increase. This is only about a 5% increase. Such as the Glad trash business is strong at this point. We have some innovation out there. We have some new innovation just referring [ph] (42:34) on the shelf that we are very optimistic about. So we're in a very strong position, and we're essentially trying to get cost-justified price increase in the marketplace.
Donald Knauss: The last thing I would add, Linda, is when you look at that spend contrasted to, four to five years ago, when you look at the nonworking side of that spend, typically, the nonworking piece of those budgets is anywhere from 10% to 20% of the overall budget. So in our order of magnitude, that's $45 million to $90 million. We've gotten a lot more efficient in how we compensate our agencies, commercial production and a lot of the other nonworking pieces that make up that budget. So that efficiency could easily add a half a point to what we're really doing with working dollars. So we've gotten a lot better about the non-working side, which you don't have visibility to.
Donald Knauss: The one thing I would add, Linda, as Larry said, as the economy improves, we certainly think we'll wall better position better now that we've lowered the pricing 30% on laundry and also taken it down on the core SKUs about 10%. The other thing I would say is for the past 13 weeks if you look at the share data, our shares are still in the 42.5 range, they're up sequentially versus the prior quarter, down a bit from the prior year. But we see it sequentially improving. So we think this is a brand that will recover over time. There's still a lot of support from the consumer base, we still think about 20% of the households are really enamored with Natural Cleaning products and as we tighten these price gaps down, we think we've got the best value offering form in the space.
Donald Knauss: The only other thing I'd add to that is that when you look at the -- Green Works is the only product that's certified natural by the Natural Products Association, and that includes Seventh Generation, which I do not believe has been certified by the Natural Products Association. So I think we're going to continue to tout that not only with our customers like Wal-Mart, but also with the consumer.
Donald Knauss: I'd say the focus domestically is obviously to continue to build up distribution, particularly in the grocery channel, where we see still continued significant upsides given that, by and large, the grocery channel has not embraced the category nearly to the extent that the mass channel has, for example, in creating eight to 12 foot [ph] (55:24) natural Personal Care sections in the mass channel. So we still think there's a lot of upside on the grocery side in the U.S., particularly with the focus on the core items.
Donald Knauss: I think the other important thing to note about the Burt's quarter was that the sales number and the volume number were almost identical. So it wasn't like we spent a lot of money to get the volume. So we had about 15% sales growth and about 15% volume growth.
Donald Knauss: I would say one segment, or one brand in particular, the Glad business, where the exit of private label and some other promotional businesses really was driven by the EP on that business. So clearly, that had a material impact. But as Dan noted, pretty good performance across the segments and across the brands on driving that number.
Donald Knauss: I think the priority now, as we've said with our Tier 1 countries, if you take those 14 countries that are Tier 1, the majority of those are in Latin America. That will continue to be the focus, because if you look over the past three years, you've seen a strong growth both in volume and sales in those markets, so we're going to continue to focus there. As far as both on acquisitions, they would be focused on Latin America as well as Australia and New Zealand. And as Dan noted, the one new country that we have on the top of the priority list would be Brazil. And I think the key issue, obviously, is getting into those kinds of hot markets, whether it's Brazil or China or India. It's not wanting and not willing to overpay for something. So we got to be very disciplined about doing it, but I think we have the game plan forward which is look at #1 or #2 brands number spaces and as a strategy will take on.
Donald Knauss: When we look at the bolt honor tucking [ph] (1:00:55) acquisitions, we're typically looking at a four to five year timeframe. I think if we're looking at something that we believe is more strategic, we give ourselves a little bit more latitude, probably in the five to seven year range would be the ideal, Chris. And the interesting thing about Burt's is when you look at the brands that have been acquired over the last few years, we paid a healthy premium for that business but really, when we look at the mean, the average of about 15 acquisitions over the last three years in that space or related to that space, like Procter's acquisition of Gillette, the average was about $15.6 million and we paid about $16 million. So it really it was a healthy PE, but it wasn't outside the range of what most of the acquisitions during that timeframe were going for.
Donald Knauss: I think it’ll actually get better. Some of these conversations obviously occurred over the last 12 months, and I think coming out of the calendar year '08 and the first half of '09 when the recession was really grinding on people, I think that the retailers, particularly a lot of our partners on the grocery side, where private label is the most developed, really went hard at using aggressive opening price points on their own brands to get traffic into the stores. And I think what they saw from that, especially in the second half of or the last three quarters of calendar year '09 were some real deflation in the category. So like I said, the arithmetic just doesn't work where -- you can't drive a category by focusing on 10%, 20%, 30% of that category. So we started to see this balance, particularly in grocery shift back into more equilibrium between merchandising support for national brands, as well as their own brands. I think the other thing that people are starting to learn is -- it may seem a little counterintuitive, but during tough economic times, consumers do tend to gravitate to brands they trust because they can't afford to make a mistake. So we saw some of that factor in too. And we’re starting to see -- one month doesn't make a trend, but we're starting to see, even in the tracked channels, sales dollars in our category are starting to grow. For example, if you take the last month, June, we actually saw category growth a little bit north of 1% compared to the last 13 or 52 weeks where it was slight decline. So I think that balance bodes well for everybody, for the consumer and retailer, and I think that deflation will start to improve sequentially as we go forward.
Donald Knauss: Well, I’d just like to thank everybody for participating in the call. Have a great rest of summer, and we’ll look forward to talking to you in November. Take care, everyone.
Lawrence Peiros: Hidden Valley has been a success story for a number of years. There was some particularly strong promotion behind it in the fourth quarter, which will be tough to anniversary, but we expect a very robust healthy year on Hidden Valley as we have seen over the last several years. We are the largest advertiser in that category. We’ve essentially overtaken Kraft in that category. We have a quality product that generally is preferred versus the competition. And most recently, we've been launching into some new flavors outside of Ranch to kind of expand the franchise. So definitely no material impact on the brand equity of Hidden Valley, which is absolute terrific equity. And while we may have a bit of an anniversary issue in the fourth quarter, we'll see very strong growth through the year on Hidden Valley. Now Kingsford is always promoted during the season, particularly on the key holidays. I don't think we saw anything extraordinary on Kingsford that we haven't seen in past years. Again, incredibly strong equity on that case with no real branded competition whatsoever. So don't expect any material impact on the equity, and we expect a solid year on Kingsford going forward.
Lawrence Peiros: I think it’s some of both. Don talked a little bit about how retailers are getting more balanced in their approach, recognizing that they can’t grow their category dollar sales with private labels. The other side of it is branded products are fighting back. Right? We’re getting sharper on price points. We’re improving the value equation in some way, doing other things to provide further differentiation from private labels to justify our premium. So, I think it’s probably a combination of the two factors.
Lawrence Peiros: Couple things I'd add is that I think we've had this 9% to 10% range for about the last three years and I think for the last three years we've been in that range, in fact I think we're up to a little bit more than we were the last two years this past fiscal year. The kind of information we get today on return and advertising is a whole lot better and more plentiful than it was going back five or 10 years ago. So we have a pretty good idea of our ROI on advertising investment in virtually every bucket from television even to major public relations programs. So we feel pretty confident that we're getting a good return where we're investing it. And the last thing I'd say is advertising spending varies immensely between businesses, and sometimes, at different points in time on a given business, but we do spend very differentially by business. As Dan said, it is kind of a bottoms up approach based on whether we have news in that particular business or like a competitive set is doing. But we generally feel very good about that rate of spending, and I think the best testament to that is that we actually built share in a very tough U.S. marketplace, in spite a very constant consumer and in spite of a lot of competitive activity, we actually built share, so that's a good indicator.
Lawrence Peiros: So, overall, I would say Green Works has weakened behind the weakened economy, and the trends are certainly more negative than positive. We are -- we do have detergent on shelves at Wal-Mart and it's performing solidly at this point. So it's hanging on to distribution, and we think we will maintain distribution. So that's an upside for us on that part of the Green Works franchise. We do expect, as the economy returns to more health, that we'll see better health on that particular franchise. But right now, the trends are negative on Green Works overall.
Lawrence Peiros: I'm sure we'll see some impact. I'm not surprised that Wal-Mart wanted to take them into distribution, given their focus on sustainability. They generally play in a kind of a more niched premium segment of Natural Cleaners than we do. We're priced more like the traditional cleaners and they typically are priced more of a premium to that. We do compete very well against them and other channels. Don just talked about our shares, so we have a substantially higher share than Seventh Generation early channels and I would expect that we can compete with them well in Wal-Mart as well.
Lawrence Peiros: So we have a carryover from last fiscal year of the things like the improved Charcoal protect, the Farmhouse Originals of Hidden Valley, the Booster packs on Clorox 2, the Burt's Berry Burt's [ph] (50:58) launches. Starting in July, we have this Glad ForceFlex with Febreze that we are particularly optimistic about, some other minor product improvements. And then you'll see a slew of launches in January. We typically launch in kind of the July timeframe and then a January timeframe. So there'll be a number of new launches in January that we're not yet ready to talk about publicly but that'll definitely help us in the second half.
Lawrence Peiros: So we're trying to be very aggressive on the International side and expanding into new countries. I think -- I can't remember this...
Lawrence Peiros: It's probably too small to be the biggest huge growth driver. Obviously, it will help. But we do anticipate, as the category gets more healthy that we'll see this kind of growth on Burt's in the coming quarters. And we are seeing a return, healthier growth now in the Natural Personal Care category than we've seen previously.
Daniel Heinrich: Our focus on M&A remains pretty consistent with what we've said in the past. We’re looking to really build our Away From Home business, which was supported with the Caltech acquisition in our fiscal third quarter, so we continue to look at the Away From Home stop the spread of infection area as an area where we're interested in acquiring either technology, distribution or other adjacent categories for growth. So that probably remains our top priority on the M&A front. We also are continuing to look to build out our International footprint. And I think we've talked in the past. Our initial focus is really on small bolt-ons around the globe and those geographies that we’re already in, but we're also looking at Brazil as a possible new geography to go into. And then third, Natural Personal Care continues to be an area of interest, although our focus right now is really on building out the Burt’s platform.
Daniel Heinrich: In Auto, as we've said in the past, we're considering strategic alternatives for that business, and we are continuing that. And once we reach a decision on that, we'll certainly let people know.
Daniel Heinrich: Linda, let me take that one. I'm sure Don and Larry will have some comments as well. I'm not sure it's appropriate to probably go back to your earlier part of this decade to look at what advertising rates were. The years you cite were reinvestment year for Clorox. If you actually went back prior to that period of time, you would see that Clorox's advertising had dropped to the low 8% range. And so in 2002, 2003, 2004, basically the company had to over-invest to get that momentum back. So I don't know that that period's really relevant to the current period. Actually, we've been -- this year we've built our advertising levels and we've also increased our trade spending. So I think as we've talked in the past, we talk about this 9% to 10% range the way we plan for advertising is it's bottoms up budget on what our businesses think they need to maintain the health of their brands, to support new product initiatives and to communicate value to consumers. So we feel quite comfortable with being in that 9% to 10% range on advertising, and we're up solidly this year. As I mentioned, we're up about 10% on both combined ad and trade. Now there has been a shift to trade over the last 12 to 18 months. We've seen increases there. As Larry and Don had both mentioned, getting prices right at the shelf and making sure we're communicating value to consumers and supporting new products is certainly a large part of it.
Daniel Heinrich: A lot of the pricing that you see in our numbers is coming out of the International business as we tried to price to offset some of the currency impacts that we've seen.
Daniel Heinrich: We may have to take this on off-line, I'm not sure I can give you an adequate answer. I would say that trade spending does have a mix of what you might term pricing and merchandising built into it. And the example, you said it on Cat Litter, is we were essentially putting heightened trade spending into the marketplace to deal with price and we ultimately decided it was going to be a permanent change and we took a price rollback. So there's definitely some of that in trade spending. Not sure that I have the detail in front of me to actually take you segment-by-segment.
Daniel Heinrich: We're currently in about, call it [ph] (54:38) 20 countries today with a goal to be in another probably six to nine countries by the end of this calendar year. Most of the additional countries we'll be going into in the second half of the calendar year here are primarily Latin America markets, with some additional markets in Europe. So we're definitely growing that franchise aggressively in the International markets.
Daniel Heinrich: Yes, it's very good to see Burt's return to double-digit quarterly growth. We saw that in the fourth quarter and as we look into next fiscal year, we're feeling good about their growth rates. And they do also have a strong new product pipeline. We've seen the Acne, we've seen the Toothpaste launch and they have a strong pipeline for fiscal '11.
Daniel Heinrich: I don't have a breakdown by brand. What I'd say is most solid growth is due to the increase in EBIT in the company, which was mostly across the board. Obviously, International is a little more challenged with the Venezuela situation, and our Household business was down a bit, given the things that we've seen in the Glad categories. But overall, strong EBIT growth that contributed -- our EBIT growth contributed to EP growth. We are also more favorable on invested capital, but it was slightly offset by a tax rate increase. So I'd say it's pretty much across the board and we feel really good about the growth that we did get in fiscal '10.
Daniel Heinrich: Well, Chris, we’re thinking about using more of our free cash flow beyond just offsetting dilution. So we have that under consideration. I think that priorities for use of cash -- certainly supporting dividend growth, offsetting dilution. M&A would be the next priority, and we've talked to spaces that are of interest to us. But those are likely to be smaller bolt-on type acquisitions, so even with that activity, we're likely to have additional free cash flow that we need to decide how to deploy. And we’re under consideration whether we'd use that additional free cash flow to buyback additional shares, pay down debt or do something else with it.
