Steve Robb: Thanks, Benno. Well, listen, it has certainly been my greatest privilege to have served as The Clorox Chief Financial Officer since 2011. And importantly, after 29 terrific years at the company, what I appreciate most are the relationships I’ve established with so many people from different areas of our business, and of course, our Board of Directors and exceptional management team. I also very much enjoyed the many discussions I’ve had with you and the rest of the investment community over the years. I’ve always appreciated your insights, questions and certainly your candor. At the end of March, I’ll be pleased to head over the reins to Kevin Jacobsen, a tremendous leader and a friend, who is supported by an outstanding finance organization. Clorox has the right strategy, as well as talented and passionate people who are always committed to doing the right thing for our shareholders and I leave feeling very good about the company’s future. Thank you everyone.
Steve Robb: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Let me lead off on this. So, first, our outlook for commodity costs. Just to ground everyone, as I said in my opening comments, we anticipate that gross margin for the full year will be down modestly, included in that is about 1 point of commodity cost headwinds, that’s our best estimate at this point. Now keep in mind, as I indicated on the previous earnings call that includes about $20 million of hurricane-related costs. Those certainly impacted our second quarter. I fully expect it will impact the third quarter, placing downward pressure on margins. But we do anticipate that over time, as we move through the fiscal year that should begin to dissipate. So some of the commodity costs, I think, are probably real and permanent. I think some of them related to the hurricane will likely dissipate. So what are we doing about it? Well, the first thing is, it’s always about growth, profitable growth throughout renovation and we’re certainly feeling very good about our innovation programs and how that’s delivering for the company. The second has been cost savings. As I indicated, we did make some incremental investments in the second quarter to support our cost savings and growth initiatives, and I think, we feel very good about our three-year pipeline of cost savings initiatives. And then, finally, after doing those things, if we need to we’re not afraid to take pricing. We took it on Disinfecting Wipes, it’s still early days, but I will tell you, I think, it’s going well and we feel like we’ve got the strength and health in our brands, that if we need to take pricing to protect margins and continue investing back in the businesses, we’ll do that. So, I think, we remain confident that over the very long-term that we’ve got opportunities to continue to build margin.
Steve Robb: Yeah. Sure. Let me start off, absolutely, late in the quarter we ran into some carrier constraints like I think everybody across many different industries. As a result, we had orders that just didn’t shipped out, it was difficult in some instances to get drivers, we’re taking actions to make sure that this doesn’t repeat in the future. But it’ll be challenging obviously in a tight transportation market. But in short we expect that most, if not all of that volume will come back in the third quarter and we certainly don’t expect any meaningful impact on the full year based on what we know today, and of course, we will need to get through the third quarter to see that. As it relates to the tax rate? Yes, we do anticipate the full year effective tax rate, again based on our understanding of the Tax Reform Act to be about 23% to 24%, you’re going to see a fair bit of variability across the quarters and even the halves, because remember it took a very large onetime gain or adjustment if you will on a provisional basis in the second quarter and we also had to true-up the first half tax rate in the second quarter. So as we get into the second half of the year, you’re going to see difference there and you can probably just model it out. I would have you focus really on the full year tax rate and I would just one more time echo, that’s based on our current understanding of what remains a very complex piece of legislation, but you’re going to have some variability there. The most important thing and I think the biggest take away here, we have historically had an effective tax rate in the 30 -- low 30s to mid-30s and on a go forward we think it’s in the mid-20s. So it’s a really sizable reduction and theist just because more than 80% of our sales are in the U.S. So I think probably relative to many other companies, we will disproportionately benefit. It’s going to help earnings and significantly step up the cash flow generation for the company in the coming quarters and years. And as Benno indicated, that’s why we’re partnering with the Board on things that we can do to enhance shareholder value around that.
Steve Robb: Jason, I almost want to ask you what your definition of modest is, but let me try this. When -- here is our perspective on gross margin for the year. Recognizing there is fair bit of volatility I think right now in both transportation and commodity markets. We think for the full year, gross margin will be down modestly. What does that mean, probably something less than a 1 point? When -- in particular, when we look at the third quarter and when we look at the fourth quarter, what we believe is that the hurricane-related costs will absolutely pressure margins significantly in the third quarter consistent with I had previously said. But when you look at the third quarter gross margin, it will be down less than you saw in the second quarter. And most importantly, when we look at the fourth quarter based on what we know, we think gross margin will be down but it will be down slightly to modestly, it’s not going to be a large number and the reason for that is we’ll work through those hurricane-related costs. In addition to that, we’ve been making some fairly significant investments in our supply chain to drive future cost savings and as we get into the second half of the fiscal year, you’ll see less of that. It doesn’t mean we’re not investing for the three-year pipeline, it’s just how the investments are folding across the year.
Steve Robb: Yeah. Jason, thanks. First of all, on the pricing action, as you remember correctly, we said that we’re going to take down pricing at about 40% of the Glad trash portfolio, which is the part of our portfolio that is used by consumers to enter innovation, so that was of strategic importance. We look at that price decrease as to-date the successful and if you look at share results, what you can see over the most recent weeks is that the Glad trash business has returned to share growth. So, for what it’s worth, that is something that we wanted to see and is happening, and an indicator of success. We did comment earlier on innovation on Glad trash that’s being launched right now. It’s our best trash bag yet that we call Glad ForceFlex Plus with advanced protection and if you think about Glad ForceFlex, it’s the strongest bag in the category and consumer preferred, because it has a unique combination of strength and odor control. But the biggest unmet consumer need to-date was leakage protection, you pour food remnants, other things, plastic cups into trash bags, there’s still liquid in it and then that liquid can leak. This is the first trash bag of its kind that addresses that consumer need and gives consumers leakage protection, and it’s another example of a significant innovation, what we look at as game changing innovation, margin accretive game changing innovation, mind you coming out of our Glad joint venture. So pricing and innovation on Glad is a one-two punch, as anticipated and we look forward to seeing this rollout in the market right now, and have every indication that this is going to be another successful innovation on this business.
Steve Robb: Well, thank you, Andrea. I appreciate that. Let me provide a perspective. First for all, again, we’re excited by Tax Reform. A couple of things are true from a company investment standpoint. I would say U.S. assets, whether its investments in infrastructure, cost savings projects and even M&A are much more attractive today than they were before this was passed late December. And the reason for that, obviously, is the fact that we’ve got a 14 point reduction of the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and it just means you’ve got more cash flows from all of those projects. So what I feel good about is, we’ve always invested behind our brands, our businesses. We’ve invested to keep that cost savings pipeline healthy. We’re going to stay the course on that. We’re also going to stay the course on being discipline. All of that said, we will continue as we always have to really look for good opportunities for investment. Our focus on M&A remains unchanged. We’re open to anything that’s in the best interest of shareholders. What do we like? We like businesses in the U.S. That’s probably even more true today than it was a few months ago. We also like businesses with tailwinds that are margin accretive, asset light and things that are in categories, where we think we have right to win and could drive shareholder value. So, all of this remains completely unchanged. Now what’s also though as we were starting to build up excess cash and we -- and I think we’ve talked to the investment community and to our Board before about that, we need to start the process of returning excess cash to shareholders. I think Tax Reform just adds to that and so we probably have even more cash to think about returning. And if you look at our cash allocation priorities, the first is to support our business. The second is the dividend and for more than 40 years, we’ve increased the dividend, and so the dividend is the number two priority. The third has been debt and I would just say that our targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 2% to 2.5%. We’re sitting at about 1.7%, 1.8%. I think last quarter it was 1.8%. So we feel good about that in share repurchases. So that’s why I think Benno in his comments and my comments, we have really focused on continue investing for growth, both organically and inorganically, and then look for ways to return cash to shareholders and that’s going to continue to be our focus.
Steve Robb: Yeah. Well, we have taken a very disciplined approach for many years to SG&A management. I think before many companies were doing is zero based budgeting we had been focusing on this. What we do is we apply our cost savings methodologies to SG& A as a way of taking out cost that the consumer doesn’t value or they don’t benefit the company and its shareholders in some way and I think we’ve had a nice track record of really bringing that number down below 14%. I just think in this difficult cost environment, we are going to take a look at discretionary expenditures where you can always make choices and whether to spend or not, where it’s not going to hurt the brands, it’s not going to hurt the company or our people. So it will be a continuation of what we’ve been doing, but we’re probably going to lean in a bit harder to that to see how we can mitigate some of the near-term inflationary pressures certainly from these hurricanes. So it’s what any good discipline company I think we tried to do in situation where you’re facing some near-term cost challenges.
Steve Robb: Yeah. Thanks, Bonnie. So, first of all, I want to say, so this $14 million are not related to Tax Reform. So this is not an indication of our assessment that we need to step up spending. You will recall that we have stepped up spending already over the last three years systematically and based on strategy, and that’s where it’s very well for us, and we’ve also commented more recently that we’re generally happy with the amount of advertising sales promotion and demand spending in general that we have put in place and that we do not see a need to increase that, based on what we know today that’s still our assessment. So I would look at those $14 million versus year ago as a planned investments that coincides with innovation. This fiscal year we’ve always said that advertising sales promotion spend by quarter will vary, but we’re not taking up our estimate for the total year or for future years at this point, we think we’re pleased with the amount of demand investment that we put in place. So this -- that the bulk of the dollars went after innovation to support speed to shelf and awareness. So there is a time lag behind it. This does not all lead to an increase in sales in the first quarter. We should look at this investment as investment that will benefit the back half, because all of it went into equity building, awareness building, types of things on the various innovations that we’ve launched. Notably Burt’s Bees, and perhaps, Clorox and Scentiva, and the Fresh Step platform being three examples of where we see success and where we feel bullish and where we want to support these innovations with advertising sales promotion. Perhaps, lastly, so I said this earlier, we’ll keep playing offense. We love our strategy, we’re confident in our strategy, we are winning with consumers and customers, and when we see investments just like we saw last quarter, opportunities to invest in advertising sales promotion and in gross margin to support cost savings and projects that will deliver future cost savings. We will do that, because we manage our business for the total year, and for the long-term and not to lend our number for the quarter in a certain place. We will take -- continue to take a strategic approach and these $14 million are part of that.
Steve Robb: And just from sales outlook standpoint, we are thinking it remains fairly unchanged, it’s consistent with what we talked about in the last quarter. We still believe we are solidly in this 1% to 3% range, of course, fiscal year-to-date we’ve got 2%, obviously, we were a little disappointed that we had the carrier transportation and other issues late in the quarter, but that volume will come back in the third quarter based on what we can see. And so I would say, generally, we’re on track, innovation at 3 points looks good, Applicare is pretty much a known you can just do the math on that. Fair enough on FX, you’ve always got some puts and takes on that. We have to see how that plays out for the rest of the year. But when I look at FX, price mix and just all that other stuff, it’s pretty been a much a wash, and again, let’s get to the next couple of quarters, but feeling confident in our sales outlook.
Steve Robb: Well, again, Olivia, I guess, I would just remind everyone that one of the hallmarks of our 2020 Strategy and what we’ve done successfully over the last couple of years is we’ve significantly stepped up consumer demand building investments. You look at our fixed capital investments, that’s been stepped up to support both growth and cost savings. So I actually feel good about the investments we’ve been making. Of course, we’ll take a hard look to make sure in light of Tax Reform if there’s even more that we can be doing, but I don’t want to leave you with the impression that, because of Tax Reform that there’s going to be a significant shift there, but we’ll always take a hard look. I think the biggest opportunity is to take a hard look at excess cash generation and look for ways to get that back to our shareholders and we have plenty of capacity, both in terms of borrowing capacity, while staying disciplined within our range, as well as just cash flow capacity to invest behind the business. So we’re in a very good spot, because of the balance sheet, because of the cash flows and now Tax Reform to be able to invest for growth, as we’ve been doing, but also return cash to shareholders and those are the discussions we’re having with the Board.
Steve Robb: Well, keep in mind, it’s been more than 29 years and I am going to stay on as Benno said, as an adviser to this company that I love so much at the end. So I’ll be getting pretty close to that 30-year mark.
Steve Robb: Yeah. We certainly did that in our opening comments. Our best estimate, of course, this is a little bit challenging to measure, but we think it’s about 1 point to sales growth and so if you think of where the sales came in for the quarter, if you’re looking at the way the quarter was unfolding, we were very much on track to have about an incremental point versus what we reported, but because of some of the retailer inventory adjustments, as well as the transportation challenges, that point never happened, but we think optimistically is likely to occur in the third quarter, so no impact on the full year.
Steve Robb: Yeah. You’re talking about the 6 -- yeah, well, the biggest thing I would say to other income and expense, if you’re talking about our year-over-year change, as a reminder, it was just a $21 million charge that we took in the year ago period, that was a non-cash charge on the Aplicare, that’s the biggest swing, the rest is just small puts and takes.
Steve Robb: So, Ali, this is Steve. Let me -- you got a couple of questions here. Let me see if I can answer each one in turn. First let me comment about logistics, because you brought up an important point. The logistics market is tightening. In short, there’s just not enough equipment, but more importantly, people to move loads in some routes. So I think our folks very much understand the issue. It’s an industry-wide issue. It’s not just tied to Clorox. I do think that will put upward pressure on logistics costs. We try to reflect that in this outlook. That’s one of the reasons gross margin will now be down modestly. But importantly, we’re also partnering with those companies that we work with to make sure that we’ve got the equipment and the people when we need it at the right time, so that we can obviously get the orders moved out. So not to say that it will be without challenges, but at least in this outlook we think we have properly captured as best we can the incremental cost associated with that and we are making changes in operating plans to ensure good execution as we’ve always had for many, many years. As it relates to SG&A expenses, I would point to two things. One, again, just general belt-tightening, the kinds of things you do when you face near-term cost challenges. I think the other thing is incentive compensation is going to be a bit less, because with these incremental cost pressures, obviously, our margins, gross margin and EBIT margin are going to be less than what we thought and there’s been some impacts, obviously, to earnings. So that will have the effect this year of lowering SG&A a bit as well. As far as EBIT margin, again, I would just circle back to gross margin. I think, again, it’s down modestly or something less than point is probably the right way to think of the year. Long-term, we’re absolutely committed to both gross margin and EBIT margin expansion in the range of 25 bps to 50 bps, but I just think this year with the commodity cost increases, the hurricanes, logistics market is going to be tougher. But, again, that’s why we’re making the long-term investments in innovation, growth and cost savings.
Steve Robb: Yeah. I haven’t provided outlook for that, Ali, as you can see, but I’ll let you do the math. But if you just again, take our 1% to 3% sales gross margin…
Steve Robb: Yeah. Ali, first of all, on the Glad price increase I want to confirm that there was no change midway to our plans. So and there was nothing related to increasing competitive pressures? So plan price increase on about 40% of the volume, that’s what we did to enable innovation. We executed that well, shares coming back, so we feel good about that. And now, of course, innovation is going to hit in this quarter and we feel great about that. So we feel good about Glad overall. I’d look at the Household segment and I’d just stare at a 12% growth last year and 3% decline on a 12% growth, even though you never want to see segment sales decline. The net of it over two years is still positive and then if I double click on the business, we just talk Glad and Glad is a very important business for us and we feel good about where we are. Litter was affected by said retailer inventory adjustments, but of course, we feel good about the growing shares in litter and the category growth in litter, and now importantly, also significant innovation that’s going to come out this quarter, which is our best tested innovation that we’ve ever had on this business. So we’ve been on a run in litter and we think we can keep going. Charcoal was down, yes, but again, off of a double-digit increase last year and also in a quarter that’s by far the slowest mover given the winter season in that category and RenewLife is up double digits, doing particularly well in e-commerce, for prospective, a year ago, e-commerce on that business was 4% of sales. This last quarter, it was 20% of sales, which shows you that our continued efforts to invest and be a leader in e-commerce are bearing fruit and in 2018 we will be able to add innovation to that business. We are launching a line of non-GMO and organic probiotics, the first of its kind on RenewLife and we’re also launching a kids line for all kids development stages, which is an important consumer need and something we’re excited about. So if I look at the individual businesses and how I feel in the Household segment, I can’t help but feel good and optimistic.
Steve Robb: And Ali, this is Steve, if I can just build on Benno’s comments, as it relates to at least the earnings when you look at the reported decrease, just a perspective. It represents about $5 million decrease to earnings on a year-over-year basis, well over half of that was actually decisions we made in the quarter to step up consumer demand building investments and then the balance was just some of the cost pressures and investments we’re making around Go Lean. So, you have to put that in context as well. There’s going to be variability across margins and profitability in that business. But I do think we’re taking the right long-term actions to keep that moving in the right direction.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. Steve, this is Benno. Perhaps, one additional comment related to the ability to take pricing, which certainly seems to be an underlying part of your question. As Steve said, as cost continues to rise, we’ll continue to assess additional pricing in the U.S. and international. And notably, we think that our innovation and strong marketing investments put us in a good position to do so. I’d love to share with you some information that I have about price sensitivities, perhaps, as a way to build your confidence and make sure that you can share mine, price sensitivities on our brands today are lower than they were three years ago. And just a reminder, lower is better, over the last two years, price sensitivities decreased by 8%, whereas, importantly, on competitive brands they were up 7%. So that’s a 15 point swing. That’s pretty remarkable, and then, of course, as a result of the fact that we have brands that offer better value that we have invested in the business and that we have innovation. Importantly, also our price sensitivities in absolute are about 25% lower than those of competitors in this space. So when we look at major CPG brands in our and related categories, we compare ours against those and we’re seeing significant benefit again, and that’s of course, because the majority of our brands are seen as better value. So we have a strong track record executing price increases, obviously, we need to make sure that price increases should reassess them are cost justified. But we will certainly take a hard look and think that our brand certainly wants us being cautiously optimistic about taking pricing even in this environment than our Q2 pricing actions certainly has furthered that confidence.
Benno Dorer: And comes right out of our Analytics Department supported by an external supplier to make it extra objective so to speak.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So we continue to like Burt’s Bees and cosmetics is early, but we are excited about this. We started to expand that line in the last quarter. That will continue this quarter. We’re not done per end of December. So it’s a phased rollout that will coincide with retailers shelf reset dates, so Q3 will continue. So I am excited about this, but I also say, I am as excited about the growth that we’re seeing on base -- lip care. Lip balm has seen strong double-digit growth last quarter. Its growing market share and one thing we’ve always done well on Burt’s Bees is to expand into new categories, but do so with discipline and by discipline we mean not compromising on the core business, and that’s of course, why we’ll keep the focus on lip balm up. International continues to be a solid opportunity for us. We’re in more than 35 countries now and we continue to see good success innovating and expanding distribution in many International markets, focus more recently has been in Asia and we’ve commented that we have used the e-commerce platform as a way to enter Mainland China through Alibaba’s Tmall platform and that’s going well, and we think that that has continued potential. So feel good about Burt’s Bees both in the U.S., as well as in International.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. Maybe I’ll start there and then Steve can answer the first part of your question. Yeah, fundamentals are pretty solid and categories are quite healthy. If you look at the tracked channels, category growth is hovering right at above 1%, that’s unchanged and in line with our expectations and actually quite healthy. And I think you all know that non-tracked channel is where the growth really is. So the growth there is stronger than 1%. So we feel good about where we are on categories. It’s too early to say what Tax Reform will bring, certainly the economy is picking up and if you look at the consumer fundamentals whether that’s consumer confidence, whether that’s unemployment, whether that’s overall consumer spend, they all look pretty good. The question now is will it translate into our categories and we’ll have to see about that. But a stable consumer environment and category environment is good for us and that’s certainly what we’re seeing right now.
Benno Dorer: I can’t really comment on what’s happening more broadly. I don’t think I am -- it would be wise for me to comment. Taking pricing is not easy these days. But I think if you have market leading brands, if you invest in brand equities, if you have solid category growth, if your brands are performing well, if you have innovation, we feel like the data suggests and I quoted price sensitivities should cost justify that we are certainly assessing whether it’s the right thing to do for us to get back. We have certainly shown on Clorox Disinfecting Wipes last quarter that we can do successful -- pricing successfully. We’ve also shown that we can do that in the past and I would say, certainly, if you think about categories, category growth is important for retailers, pricing often has been part of a successful recipe to grow categories and retailers probably know that. I wouldn’t say it’s easier today, to be honest and it certainly not easy for everybody, but thinking about our fundamentals on the business, it certainly looks like we’re in the best possible position relative to others to do that, should we decide that we will.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. Joe, first of all, Steve reassured me that his 29 years felt more like 30. So, I think, we’ve got that covered. We think that some of it will come back, but not all of it will come back. But, clearly, our brands turn fast and turn routinely. So, typically when inventories get too low, there is an upward adjustment. We think we’re seeing some of it come back, but perhaps, not all of it, but as Steve said, there is not going to be material for the fiscal year and in the grand scheme of things, it’s end of quarter noise, which is unfortunate but a reality, but for the total fiscal year, will be a no factor.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. I feel not -- that in international, we’re not yet where we want to be. We’ve had number of really solid quarters. This was an okay quarter. But, clearly, cost continues to be challenged, because we’re seeing continued inflation. FX also is still a headwind. We’re looking at Argentina, and which of course, is the biggest -- a big market for us internationally and that recovery in their economy is progressing but requires a lot more time. So, with International, I would say, we’re doing everything that we can control, which is to Go Lean, which is to invest selectively in profitable growth opportunities, save costs, drive business towards higher margin initiatives well. But we’re doing that in a continued very difficult macroeconomic environment and for that business to do, as well as we want to, we need that macroeconomic environment to ease up and we haven’t seen that in Q2.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. So we have, Jason, in the past commented on advertising sales promotion being about 10% of net sales and we think that that’s the right number. I -- again, taxes don’t make a difference to that and the competitive environment has not changed. So we feel like it’s a solid number to deliver our sales growth that we have in our outlook. In terms of trade spend, we have as you know over the last three years stepped it up in particular to support innovation, so that’s strategic spend, some of it was related to elevated competitive activity in certain categories like Wipes. But most of it to support product innovation, so that’s good spend. That’s maybe one where over time, long-term there may be an opportunity for that to perhaps go the other way and go down, because whenever you step up spending, what you do as a next step and that’s certainly been the hallmark for our company is to look at the effectiveness of every single dollar, you learn and then you learn that perhaps there’s opportunity you to optimize and then you optimize. So I think that for the coming fiscal years there’s got to be opportunities for us to optimize that and then either increase the ROI between the existing spending or perhaps take that down, that remains to be seen. But advertising sales promotion, unless something significant happens in the marketplace, is exactly where we want it to be. It will continue to vary by quarter, but for the total fiscal year it’s about in the right place.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. On resin and pricing, Jonathan, so, first of all, we’re not in a coffee industry where we passed through goodness and we take pricing right away. So there is a time lag and it all depends on what price, resin cost plateau we are expecting. So we’re pricing strategically. We’re pricing with an eye on the mid-term and we price depending on future expectations, as well as the actual cost development. So really depends, I can tell you that, we’re looking at where cost is right now, which is certainly elevated, but importantly, we’re looking at where cost is expected to be mid-term over the next six months to 12 months and we need to believe that both of it is going to be up or stay up significantly as a way to justify pricing. We’re able to execute pricing when we execute pricing and certainly we have done that on this business and other businesses in the past, with some lead time, it does require planning with customers and that takes months time. So I don’t think about this is something that is just done in a snap and with a switch of a button. So there is lead time associated with it, because pricing for us is strategic matter and doing it right means giving it some lead time. On flu season, so we think that may have been a tiny a little bit in Q2 but not much. Certainly, Disinfecting Wipes grew almost double digits, high-single digits, double digits in the club channel. We also saw market shares up on Clorox Bleach, which of course, offers disinfecting properties and Clorox Clean-Up spray, which is also a disinfectant. So there’s certainly strength in that our disinfecting category as consumers still look to us to help them with products that help them get rid of germs. But its -- I don’t think that it was materially on Q2, Q3 it’s a little early to say. Typically February, of course, is another peak season. There are typically two peak months in the flu season, that’s November and February, so we’re entering February remains to be seen. What I can tell you is that we’re planning every season with our customers as if it is flu season and we have enough product in store and enough capacity also to be able to fully supply should there be increased demand, but it’s just a little early. But we see what you see it, certainly an elevated flu season and we’re able to react and supply customers and consumers should we need to.
Benno Dorer: So, I think that’s it. Thank you, everyone, and I look forward to speaking with all of you again in May when we share our third quarter results. Have a good weekend.
