Donald R. Knauss: Okay. Thank you, Steve, and thanks, everyone, for being on the call today. We know it's certainly been a very challenging time for many of you who on the Eastern Seaboard, obviously, due to the storm and its aftermath. And we certainly hope each of you and your loved ones are faring well. We greatly appreciate your flexibility this week as we rescheduled this call to obviously give folks some more time along the Eastern Seaboard to begin recovering. So first, let me start off by recognizing Larry Peiros, our Chief Operating Officer. You obviously read in the Tuesday press release, Larry has announced his retirement from the company. We're pleased Larry is staying on for the next 5 months to ensure a smooth transition of his responsibilities. However, this will be his last earnings call, it's something I know he deeply regrets. For more than 3 decades, Larry has had a profound impact on the company, rising from the ranks of a summer intern in 1980, overseeing our -- [Audio Gap] our business operations and core functions as Chief Operating Officer. He's had a significant hand, obviously, of the company's strategies and priorities and the results we’ve driven. He's been certainly a great partner to me over last 6 years. And -- but Larry’s not one to enjoy being in the spotlight, so I'll keep my remarks brief. Suffice it to say, the company owes Larry a depth of gratitude for his leadership with many contributions, so we wish him well as he heads into his retirement. So while we're going to miss Larry's experience and talents, we do have a robust succession plan that provides I think a really rich source of internal talent. And I'm excited about the opportunity to give some of our strongest leaders, many of whom you've met or seen on the road, some new and expanded responsibilities. As we talked about in the press release, we're going to be moving to a new structure that has 2 Chief Operating Officers with clear lines of accountability. George Roeth will have P&L responsibility for about half the portfolio and the 4 core functions of marketing, sales, R&D and product supply. And the businesses under George will include Charcoal, Cat Litter, Glad, Food, Brita and Burt's Bees. Now Benno Dorer will have P&L responsibility for the other half of the business and directly manage our corporate strategy and growth activities. So he will lead our Laundry, Home Care and International businesses. So I think it's important to note that the overall strategies and priorities of the company remain the same. And we have great leadership continuity with -- from Benno and George, and we expect this will be a very seamless transition. In fact, if you look at it, the businesses that are reporting to them, they've led for more than 5 years. So in addition, as I said, Benno is taking on International; and George is picking up our 4 core functions. I think the other thing I would notice, of the 7 functions in the company, so the core 4 plus finance, HR and legal; 6 of those 7 functions are still being led by the same person. So I think we do have a great continuity with this change. I know many of you have met George and Benno on the road and certainly at the Analyst Day in May, and I'm sure you'll recognize that they've got a real depth of experience and talent that they bring to their new roles. And these roles, as we noted in the press release, are going to be effective January 1. So I hope you would join me in congratulating them on their promotions. And now with that, let me turn it over to Larry, he can cover the first quarter business results.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Look, the only thing I'd add, Joe, is if you take this one less shipping day for example -- it doesn't -- as Larry said it doesn’t sound like a lot, but we do on average about 1.5 million cases a day. Our volume decline in the quarter was 800,000 cases. So if we've had the normal shipping day, we would've a positive volume. So I think there will be some pricing impact throughout the year. And I think Charcoal, as Larry said, will return to more normalcy now. So I wouldn't put too much into the quarter.
Donald R. Knauss: The only thing I'd add, Jason, is through panel data now, we know that about a little over 80% of the shopping trips are -- combined as still in trips. So this is buying 15 items or less. So clearly, people are doing a lot of channel-hopping, value-seeking, looking for the deals. But despite that, I think the model accuracy that we've seen has been very high.
Donald R. Knauss: The other thing I would add, Ali, is the Healthcare business, as we talked at the May Analyst Meeting with all of you, we look at the business in 3 chunks: the U.S. Retail product, Professional Products and International. I think if you look at Professional Products, there's another acceleration there for our business, even the base -- we talked about the base business in health care being up double-digits again. We see that continuing to ramp up. So as we go through the balance of the year, as we integrate Aplicare and HealthLink and we see some cross-synergies, if you will, in terms of, for example, the HealthLink sales force selling Clorox disinfecting germicidal wipes into doctors' offices, there's another piece of top line acceleration. And then I think lastly, we are seeing some stabilization in some of the international markets. We'll see what happens in Venezuela with the devaluation. We fully expect it, but we are seeing some fairly good volume growth in a lot of the Latin American countries along with price growth.
Donald R. Knauss: I think the other thing I would add is we're seeing better growth in the wave 1 conversion markets than we are in the balance of the country. So I think some of that may be due to out-of-stocks going down over the weekends. Also, there's more shelf presence for some of the higher-margin trade-up items like gel bleach in those shelf sets. So as Larry said, it's early, but those trends bode well, we think.
Donald R. Knauss: Right. And I think just to put into perspective, the total inventory levels for the company in dollars we're about 2.5% above where they were last year in the quarter. So I don't think it's a significant move.
Donald R. Knauss: Just to give you a little color on that, Ali, if you look at -- give you an example of 3 countries: Mexico, Peru and Chile, 3 of our larger midsized countries in Latin America, we're seeing volume growth in the mid- to high-single digits. I think one of the reasons the volume is a little bit less than those countries are putting out is because of the export business we exited in Central America, which we didn't think was profitable or know it wasn't profitable. So I think the base trends in those countries look pretty good.
Donald R. Knauss: We don't release that level of information, but the Brita On-The-Go continues to do very well for us, and we're very pleased with the results.
Donald R. Knauss: And I'm hoping, Connie, that post the election now, that those conversations will become more fruitful than they were before the election.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Let me start, John. I think because a number of our competitors are who are stepping up, are stepping to get into the range we've delivered. So I think we've been in the zone, as you know, of 150 to 200 basis points a year for multiple years on end. And I think the first quarter of 170 basis points is just another indication that we think we've got the right approach to this. I do think, to your point, that companies are obviously getting more and more focused on cost savings. It's something they can control a lot more than they can control category growth or what the consumer is doing. I think, though, that based on the engagement of our people, the strength of our brands, we want to stay focused on the approach we've got and not whipsaw this organization with this whole notion of big layoffs, which we just don't think are necessary.
Donald R. Knauss: And I think that systemic approach, John, if you look at once we get past these investments this year, I mean we'll get back into this 13.5% to 14% range, which is a top tiertile performer and we've been there for years. So I think if that systemic consistent approach can deliver that kind of result, we think that's actually the right way to go.
Donald R. Knauss: Thanks. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call. I know it's been particularly difficult for a number of you, and we certainly hope things start to settle out in the Northeast soon. We'll look forward to talking to you at the -- in February as we get through the second quarter, but thank you for being on the call with us today.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So let me give you a perspective on volume in the quarter, and the overwhelming factor is pricing. And you know we've been taking a lot of pricing, some of it fairly recent, to offset the commodity cost. And I expect that, that particular factor to be with us pretty much throughout the year. We did have one less shipping day, which doesn't sound like a big deal but does impact you a bit in terms of delivery in the quarter. We did have a weak quarter on Charcoal. And it really was indexing off of a very high base period driven by some incredible merchandising. I think if you go back to the year-ago quarter, you'll remember us talking about some particularly hot feature pricing in places like Home Hardware -- the Home Hardware Channel where they're trying to drive traffic with the Kingsford brand. And then a little bit of a [indiscernible] from nonstrategic export issue in International. So I would say the one factor that will continue is really the pricing factor. The one less shipping day, we're already making up for that in the current quarter. Charcoal will be back to normal. Of course it won’t impact as much than not only because it's pretty small now, but we expect a normal year. And we start lapping this little bit of a nonstrategic export issue immediately. So I expect it will be about flattish for the year and most of it will be around the pricing impact.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Okay. So just to clarify there, the all-outlet data that we referred to now is really the MULO data, which is 80% coverage. So of course we don't have any -- no longer have any kind of category growth numbers on these untracked customers like the Home Hardware, that specialty channel and Costco. We've obviously tracked our result, but we can't track the category. So if you look at the MULO, the multi-outlet data, the category is growing about 2%. If you look at that versus history, we've seen a delta of improvement of about 1 to 2 points over the last 3 years or so. So we are seeing some recovery in our categories. There is always variability category-by-category. Differences are driven by various things like innovation, in particular. But overall, the categories are about 2% on the quarter in the multi-outlet data.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Joe, let me first go back to the first question on category consumption, because Don pointed out that I was -- the 2% I referred to in terms of category growth is a 52-week data, the past quarter is more like 1%. So we have seen a bit of a change there. With respect to competitive activity, definitely most acute in the Glad business and the Glad Trash business, specifically. That's very typical when you see commodity pressure -- price pressure relief that some competitors peeled back some of that commodity savings in terms of trade spending. And that's where we are responding to some degree in kind relative to the competition. The rest of the portfolio, I would say, we're -- it's fairly quiet.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So in terms of the -- I think we've talked many, many times about all these models that we run, which are terribly predictive of the impact of what our pricing actions are going to be. And I would say those predictions remain very high, very accurate. We have not seen any difference in elasticity, by and large, during the economic downturn. So it maybe -- I'm sure a little counterintuitive, but we have not really seen a change in elasticity driven by the economic downturn. What you just see, obviously, is people seeking more value and trading up for larger sizes and bigger packs. So there is that kind of value in tact because of the recession. And we can see -- continue to see that in things like trash bags and wipes where people are trading up to either the club sizes or larger packs within other channels.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So innovation is definitely will be the #1 driver of improvement over time. And we feel very good about our innovation program. We've exceeded our target last year, and we expect to be near above our target for this year. It's pretty much across the board, so it's not a focused on 1 or 2 business units, but it's pretty broad-based. And I'd say that's the #1 thing that will drive growth and drive both brand growth as well as category growth.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Well, it's early. Really hard to conclude from the anecdotal and data we have. But I would say, anecdotally, we're seeing very positive trends in terms of shipments. I was -- I visited a bunch of stores in Chicago, which is part of the first wave, the shelves look terrific. Private labels have followed. We haven't really lost any incremental -- haven't lost any shelf space. So remember, facings on shelf is higher and out-of-stocks are therefore down. We saw the first growth in terms of CLB shipments in 2 years in the quarter. So we're hoping this will stabilize and start to grow the Clorox Bleach business over time. We're pretty optimistic at this point, but it's definitely early going. As I've said, we've been in wave 1 for about 2 to 3 months and just started wave 2, and we'll finish out at the end of the fiscal year.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Absolutely. We did this before in many other categories couldn’t have converted to a more concentrated formula. And you definitely want the category to convert with you so that you're price value perception doesn't get out of whack with a competitive set. So we work very hard with our retailers to convert the entire category versus just our brand.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So we are seeing growth in our Latin America business, which is the biggest -- by far, the biggest chunk of our International business. So I would say, the results on the top line are pretty good. We are seeing kind of high single-digit growth in terms of the categories. Actually, we're growing share right now across the categories, so we're feeling pretty good about that. The issue in Latin America is obviously on the bottom line more than the top line at this point, so where we have price controls. And unfortunately, 2 of our biggest countries are where there are price controls, Venezuela and Argentina. That's where we're having some margin pressure, and that shows up obviously in the segment results. Now part of the decline in profit in the segments is due to the SAP implementation, which we have just completed. But a lot of this is due to the pressure that we had to improve margins while price controls are in effect and we had high inflation rate. But the volume and sales rate looks, I think, very solid.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Yes, in terms of the sales of ARM [ph] results, we're positive in Venezuela at this point. So that's good. Categories, I would say, are kind of flattish, not a lot of growth. And as Steve said, we don't know when the devaluation will hit, and we don't know what the impact might be on price controls post-devaluation. But right now, about 70% of our portfolio is affected by the price controls.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So no significant inventory changes that I'm aware of, so nothing there that I can point to. There is a comparison on Burt's Bees to a quarter that had a lot of pipeline on new products. And so this -- the results were kind of flattish for the quarter, but the consumption rate is actually very high. So the business is very healthy. We just hit kind of a year-over-year comparison issue that deflated the shipments.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So there definitely are ongoing conversations with the government. The government has reached out to manufacturers. I can't say that we've seen a lot of impact from those conversations just yet, but they are going on.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Yes, we actually run a 3-year pipeline. So we literally have teams of people as we've talked before that are not just managing cost savings that we're focused on delivering this year of 150 basis points, but they also project out 1, 2 and 3 years and both develop the ideas and then we start to put plans in place. And I think as Don said -- and this is really important, we would rather focus on consistent, steady cost savings results because we think over the long term that translates into better margins than focusing on cost savings for short periods of time, and then people are off doing something else and then they come back to it. So this notion of consistency in your cost savings and focusing on a 3-year pipeline and making what I would define as modest, smart investments over time to support that, we think it's a best-in-class approach. And it certainly worked well for us.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, Joe, this is Steve Robb. And as expected, we fully anticipated that the gross margin would be up on the quarter; and of course, it was. But it came in better than we had expected. There was really 2 drivers for that. Number one is our cost savings program. Cost savings came in very strong. As you know, we target 150 basis points of margin improvement from the cost savings programs each year, and we've got about 170 basis points in the first quarter. The second driver was the timing of certain manufacturing costs. Our inventory levels we're running a little bit higher because of the SAP implementation and some new product work. And so we had some favorability come through inventory absorption. And some of that is going to reverse out in subsequent quarters. So I would say the fact that we did better in the first quarter on an EBIT-margin basis is really a reflection of the strong gross margin. But I would not have you take all of the goodness from the first quarter and project it to the full year. A good part of that's going to fall, but not all of it because some of that is in fact timing. Nonetheless, we feel great about the margin improvement plans, and they're working for us.
Stephen M. Robb: This is Steve Robb. Let me lead off on this question. So the advertising, as we have communicated and expected, was about 9% of sales; and that's in the 9% to 10% range. I think if you pull up the International business and look at the U.S. domestic business, the number was closer to 10%. Keep in mind that some of our international markets, particularly those markets where we're focusing on price controls and other challenges, we're trying to be smart in the deployment of our advertising dollars, creating the demand that you may or may not want to fill is a challenge. And so I think we feel good about the advertising levels. I think over the long term, as we rebuild the gross margins, we'll make sure that we're reinvesting to keep the brand equities healthy over the long term. But I feel very good about the level of investment we're making today.
Stephen M. Robb: We certainly adjust on a couple of the drivers. SAP is certainly a part of this. We -- don't forget, in the last 3 or 4 months, we've been bringing up quite a few of our Latin American countries and we've got all 12 countries now up and running. And we did bill some inventory in advance of that just to make sure that if there was any disruption, which we're pleased that there wasn't, but then we would have inventory on hand to be able to work through that. We also were building up some inventory to work through the transition to the new bleach and then just felt the new products. So inventory is up a bit, but we've got plans in place to bring that back down again to a more normalized level, and feel good right now about the inventory levels.
Stephen M. Robb: This is Steve. Let me take the first part of that, and maybe Larry can weigh in on some of the business things that we're doing. I think we, like everyone else, fully expect that there's going to be a devaluation in Venezuela. And in fact, as we've previously communicated, we've included in our earnings per share outlook about a $0.05 earning drag because we believe a devaluation is highly likely. What's uncertain to us, and I think others, is how much of a devaluation we're going to see and when it's actually going to occur. We've tried to take appropriate actions in terms of making sure that you don't overinvest in the country, making sure that you deploy your assets as effectively as you can to minimize the impact of the devaluation. But at the end of the day, there's very little that you can actually do to prevent it. You basically have to respond once it actually occurs. And we think we've taken all of the appropriate steps. As far as price controls, again, over the very long term, price controls are very difficult to keep in place and maintain their effectiveness. But I think we expect that price controls will continue even after a devaluation, at least for some period of time. Although generally, after devaluation, what you tend to see is you get some pricing flexibility will tend to open up a bit. But I think we're going to have to just see what the government does and then respond in kind.
Stephen M. Robb: I think EBIT margin is going to be a little bit better than that because obviously, we had good growth in the first quarter driving the gross margins. So EBIT margins are not likely to be down in the first half, but they will continue to be challenged because we're completing the SAP implementation in Latin America and/or investments in Pleasanton, California. So I think you're still going to see some challenges there.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. And we've got a range on it. The 25 to 50 basis points, I would say we're off to a very good start to hit the 25 to 50 basis points or probably even more confident today than we would've been 90 days ago. But we still believe that 25 to 50 basis points of EBIT margin makes sense. And again, as we just talked, we're closely monitoring situations, including Venezuela, which depending on what happens there, that can also have an impact on margins.
Stephen M. Robb: Javier, this is Steve. So we are anticipating still $50 million to $55 million of restructuring and other related costs. The bulk of it, as a reminder to everyone, is the IT investments we're making in Latin America and the rebuilding of our R&D facilities in Pleasanton, California. We expect a disproportion amount of that is going to fall in the first half of the fiscal year, but we also continue to expect cost to continue into the second half. So it will continue through Q3 and Q4 of this fiscal year. In terms of the -- how that fell in the first quarter to give you a little bit of color, we did see a larger amount come in this quarter versus the same period in the year ago. We had about $14 million, $15 million of infrastructure-related costs this year, and we had about $7 million last year. So that's part of the reason you're saying SG&A was up a bit in the first quarter of this fiscal year.
Stephen M. Robb: I don't want to get into the quarter-by-quarter split. But let me just say, a bit more than 50% is going to certainly fall in the first half and a bit less than 50% will fall in the second half. And we're going to continue to see expenses, obviously, come through the second quarter. You are likely to see SG&A as a percentage of sales higher in the second quarter because of the seasonality of sales and these investments that we've talked about. I think that gives you a pretty good sense for your modeling.
Stephen M. Robb: Okay. Let me see if I can answer you to those in turn. So first, we don't give out the relative profitably of the countries, but the #1 challenges we've indicated before is the rising inflation and the pressure that it creates on margins, particularly in a price-controlled environment. So it's really a margin challenge that we're having. Second, we have a good business in Venezuela today. The business is stabilizing. We've got leading brands. Even with everything that's going on, we're going to continue to invest for the long-term health of the business, and we like the business. But clearly, we're going to be challenged over the next couple of quarters. And then finally, regarding the devaluation, we wish we knew the timing. We don't. We put a $0.05 placeholder into the outlook because we recognize this as a fairly high risk that something is going to happen. But as I mentioned earlier, the timing, the amount is unclear. So I don't think we can predict whether the $0.05 is sufficient or whether you need another $0.05. I think we need to see what the government does one, with the devaluation; and then two, how that manifests in the form of price controls and what adjustments they make there if any. So we're just going to need more time on that, but we'll keep people updated as we all learn more.
