Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Hi, Steve. Good morning. Yes, we are getting pricing better from Argentina. Maybe just a little more background there. As you saw, we've updated our expectations for devaluation. We assumed 50%. We've seen the currency hold up pretty well in our second quarter, and so we revised that to 40%. But additionally, we get out pretty early with pricing in Argentina. So, we took a number of price increases in the first quarter. They are certainly benefiting the overall profitability you may have seen in our International segment.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure. So, on the first part of the question, yes. It did come in a little bit better than we anticipated. And there's really two areas. The first was FX, while it's still about a 2 point drag, that's a little bit better than we anticipated in the quarter, and then the other area was our Lifestyle segment that was really strong performance, and the performance is really broad-based. We saw every business within that segment perform quite well and exceed our expectations. And then as we look out over the full year, what I’d say the two areas that we've highlighted is, we are seeing increased competitive activity in two categories; our wipes category and our bags and wraps category. So, because of that, we will increase trade spending to defend share in those categories, and specifically, maybe the bags and wraps I'd tell you, not surprising. We've seen this before. When we see the type of resin deflation, we typically see manufacturers invest more when that occurs. And so, we're going to have to spend some money to defend there. And then, Steve, on your question on Grilling, we continue to feel very good about grilling. It's on track with our expectations for the full year. We fully expect to return that business to growth, and so that business is very much on track.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Hi, Wendy, good afternoon. You're right on your memory, it was 90 basis points this quarter, it was a 180 basis point hit the margin last quarter. The biggest change from the first quarter is less investment in charcoal as we cycle through the bulk of the season, as I think, Lisa mentioned in her prepared remarks. Q2 is a very small quarter for us. So we have less investment in the category due to -- and as we also said what we're really working on the trade spending is working through higher retail inventories as we had a poor season year '19 and we want to make sure we're set up for a strong season year '20. And so we've been investing in trade in that business in both Q1 and to a lesser extent Q2 and we feel like we're in a good position as we head into season year '20 that we've got retail inventories right and we're ready for a much stronger season.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure. Hi, Andrea. It's Kevin, I can take both your questions. On organic progression, what you should assume is we continue to demonstrate sequential improvement as we move through the year. And so, as you recall, in Q1, organic was down about 2%. It was flat in our most recent quarter and if you take a midpoint of our organic sales outlook, it would suggest 3 points of organic sales growth in the back half of the year and I would expect to continue to see sequential improvement as we move through the back half of the year. Much of the distribution benefits will have a bigger impact in Q4 than they will in Q3. And so that's our expected progress. And then maybe just also, as we think about our organic sales goal for the year, the 0% to 2%, I would just offer -- I'm much less concerned about the average for the year and much more focused on the momentum we're creating as we head into fiscal year '21. So I feel very good about the progress we're making and where I believe we'll end up in the fourth quarter as we head into '21. And then our gross margins on -- in terms of the commodity environment, what I'd tell you is, if I set resin aside, commodities are pretty much playing out as we expected, which is slightly inflationary, generally in line with broader inflation in the economy and that's pretty consistent with what we expected. What we are seeing is, while we expected resin to be deflationary, we certainly saw a bigger movement in the second quarter than we anticipated. I still think it will be down in the back half of the year, but to a lesser degree. Typically what we see is that manufacturers go down for planned maintenance in the spring and that usually puts a little upward pressure. Now, I think what we have to balance out right now is with what's going on with the coronavirus and it's certainly reducing overall global productivity. We'll have to see what that does to global demand for resin but for right now, my expectation is that it continues to be favorable, but not to the same degree we saw in the front half.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hi, Olivia. Yes, I would say, no real changes in timing or expectations for the year. As we mentioned, we have two large cost savings projects, bleach compaction, our new litter facility, those projects both continue to progress. As you know, obviously compaction, we're starting this quarter, litter we're probably 18 to 24 months out before we bring a new plant online, but those both continue on track.
Kevin Jacobsen: Definitely, there is a pretty big inflection point that will start in Q3 as I'm sure you'll recall most of the pricing we took last year was front-loaded. And so it's driven very nice benefits to margin. You'll see a pretty material change starting in Q3. So if you think about the front half of this year, pricing generate about 110 benefit to gross margin. I expect in the back half of the year, you'll see that closer to 20, 25 benefit as we now cycle through it. And so what I expect to see going forward is a smaller benefit from pricing, a little bit of International still to go, and then you'll have the impact of trade spending as we've talked about some increased competitive activity that we'll address with increased trade spending and so trade spending will outpace the benefit from pricing as we think about the back half of the year.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes, I think in terms of the net benefit just because you will see less benefit from pricing, you'll see ongoing trade investment.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes, Kaumil. Hey, this is Kevin, I can address that one. And I would say we feel very good about the progress we're making on inventory. In fact, if you -- if you saw in our prepared remarks, we had very nice growth in cash provided by operations over the first six months was up 11%. That's primarily driven by some really good work we're doing on improvements in working capital and specifically, inventory. And I would highlight a number of areas. The first is on our Nutranext acquisition. We've owned that business a little less than two years. And I think we continue to get better understanding the demand signal and managing inventory to meet demand, so we've got more efficient on that business over time. The other two I'd point to is on Brita. If you recall, we've moved our supply chain. We're just finishing up moving our supply chain out of China to the Dominican Republic. We started to do that work because of the tariffs that were imposed. But we've built up some additional safety stock inventory to manage that transition, which we're mostly through now. And beyond doing the safety stock system, we also now have moved production much closer to the market and to allow us to keep less inventory going forward. And then the last item I'd point to is, we've done some nice work in our Glad business. You know, as we recapitalize that client based on our new technology, if you recall, ForceFlex came off patent, a while back. We've introduced our new patent protected technology and we've invested manufacturing assets behind that technology and we brought some more in line recently that's allowed us to reduce overall inventory levels on Glad and has been very nice benefit that should continue. And so good work to date. What I'd also tell you though is, as we look forward and Benno made this comment earlier, we do understand the coronavirus is something we're thoughtful about, we'll see how that plays out with retailers, but we are taking up inventory levels to be prepared for the potential increase in demand for some of our bleach products. And so that's something you'll see in the back half of the year.
Kevin Jacobsen: And Kevin, on your question about investment levels, I will make a couple of comments. First is, I'm sure you can appreciate, I won't provide any outlook for fiscal year '21. We'll come back and do that at a later date. But what I would say is, as Benno mentioned, we do believe 10% about is the right investment level, sometimes a little bit more, sometimes a little bit less, but feel like that's the right level of investment long term. And we are working to get back to our IGNITE financial goals that we set back in October, if you recall, 2% to 4% top line growth. We believe, we're taking the right actions to get back to those levels in the back half of the year and that certainly what we care about is that momentum going into fiscal year '21, that we get back to growing the top-line. And since they are the long-term goals, we're expanding margins, and we feel pretty good about our ability to do that.
Benno Dorer: Steve, the step up in investments really reflects our confidence in our plans. That's the sole motivation. It certainly does include a strong retailer reception to our innovations. Also in a few cases, strong initial consumption results out of the gate on some of the innovations that we launched in January, which includes compostable wipes. So, you know, we are leaning into this innovation to lean into the momentum that we all see, and of course, three months ago, six months ago, we would have said that we're taking a more realistic view of our spending given that we're still cycling through distribution losses, and now of course in the back half we are lapping those distribution losses. We expect, given the productive discussions that we have with retailers, solid results on the distribution front. So, it's really driven by the confidence that we have in our plans. The spending will go into innovations that we launched in the back half, but also innovations from previous years and I mentioned some like Clorox Scentiva, which is still showing robust growth, Clean Paws and Fresh Step, which grew double-digits last quarter, Brita Filtering Bottles, which is showing nice continued progress, ready-to-eat dips on Hidden Valley which we're supporting with more innovation going to back half. We feel really strongly and encouraged about all the back half plans, and we're not afraid to invest behind it. A question that maybe could come up in the context of it that is maybe worthy of addressing upfront is do we expect the change in our mid-term outlook on how much we will spend in advertising and sales promotion, the answer to that is no. This is really an increase that is really related to the back half of this fiscal year. We certainly commented in the past that we think that an average level of about 10% of sales per fiscal year is the right level, and we continue to believe that.
Benno Dorer: Yes, it's a combination, Steve. Certainly what we -- first of all, I have to say there's six months left in the -- in the fiscal year. But several things can make up for the range. First of all, competitive activity, right, we cannot predict that and we have commented that certainly in two categories, we're seeing the promotional and merchandising environment increase as those categories tend to be more sensitive in spending toward the -- in particular resin environments, which, as you know, is a little more favorable at this point, so cannot fully predict competitive activity, but that can have a major impact distribution outcomes. So we know quite a bit, of course on what distribution outcomes are, but we don't know everything. We also know from the information that we have about decisions that retailers may have taken as it relates to our brands, but not competitive brands. That's still ahead of us. And then of course coronavirus, cold and flu, you know that hasn't been a factor in Q2 and so far, we're not seeing an uptick but it's a rapidly evolving situation. So we're certainly watching that and we're getting ready to be able to supply our customers and also our healthcare institutional customers with products, should they need that to help consumers combat the virus. So these are three pretty important swing items that could lead us to the lower or higher end. But all in all, we feel like the midpoint of the range would point to a 3% sales growth in the back half on average, which of course is very much in line with our ongoing algorithm and because we are investing in items that don't just have a short-term impact but drive our brand equities and have a long term impact, we feel like those investments also set us up nicely for a solid fiscal year '21.
Benno Dorer: Yes, Wendy. So compaction is starting this month as you rightly said, and will take until the end of the fiscal year. There is no pricing, it's a straight conversion. Typically with -- with initiation of retailers, we see a whole category move. So of course we have yet to see that because that's really well outside our control. But if this compaction wave mirrors previous compaction waves then what we're typically seeing is the whole category to move because this really is an initiative that's certainly good for all the manufacturers, it's good for retailers, it's good for the category. It's also good for the planet. So it's a win, win, win and there really isn't a reason for the category not to move. Consumers of course are getting a more convenient product and again there is no performance trade-off for consumers either. So we are optimistic that this will be an initiative that will see the whole category move and we'll provide an update, after Q3.
Benno Dorer: Yes, really varies by category, Wendy. On the Glad side, we see what you see that if I take us back a few months ago, what we said is that we are spending in trades to address price gaps that really works. We saw price gaps moves down and we saw significant increase in momentum on our business. What we've seen more recently in a more benign resin environments is that, in particular from private label, we are seeing more activity and we see price gaps increase again. Now we also see what I think you hinted on and that is, that that's really not working for the category. The category trends are softer. We've always commented that people are not buying more trash bags, if they're cheaper and that's pretty much how it's playing out. And what that really does is give us optimism that in the long run, rational behavior will prevail and that we're going to see a continued balance in the category that will allow premium brands to grow behind innovation and delivering value that consumer see as superior and that's certainly our focus in this category.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So, obviously wording carefully chosen because as always, and as all manufacturers, we have to earn distribution from retailers, right, because they have to believe that our products are value added, said that, two things are going on. First of all, as you remember, there are a number of distribution losses post pricing that we're now lapping in the back half. So that should play in our favor. And then, realize that you'd all like a very detailed updates but the reality is not all decisions are made by retailers requiring us to be respectful here. There are of course also competitive implications because this is all sensitive and, like I said earlier, we know quite a bit of our distribution results for the back half, but not all. This will play out with implementation in Q3 and Q4. But clearly I think as you also saw us talk about the conversations that we have, we feel good about them being constructive and productive. We have a lot of innovation. Innovation, generally is effective driving distribution and our sales outlook for the back half wouldn't be doable without generally a more favorable environment on distribution. So I think this is probably the appropriate way for us to characterize where we are. There'll be a further update in Q3, but the fact that we are investing more in our brands is based on confidence as we've all said earlier and certainly how we feel about the conversations that we have with retailers, an indication that we may get, should they materialize the way we think they might, we feel positive about what we'll see in that environment and then more update in Q3.
Benno Dorer: Yes, Lauren, of course, we are following that closely, even though I will tell you that many of the things that you quoted were news to us. I certainly don't want to speculate about what might happen, but there are two things, perhaps are most important here. The first one is that generally publicly traded companies care about the top line and also margin growth and what that does is drive productive and rational behaviors. So we just leave it there. And, second, we remain confident in our right to win in these categories, which really isn't affected by them going public. First of all, we have commented on a superior innovation capability that we continue to have with the joint venture that we maintain with Procter & Gamble. I'd just point to the more than 100 patents and patent applications that we have over the last five years, and that compares to less than 10 for the said company. And then as we think about our brand building efforts, the fact that we continue to be a leading investor in the consumer in this category, along with our commitment in superior consumer value, that's been a robust right to win for sure a decade and a half now since we've had the joint venture. And the proof will be in our continued innovation and without getting into details. All I can say is that we have a lot of confidence in not just our back half innovation on this business and as you know, there is quite a bit, but in the long term innovation as we manage innovation with minimum three-year timeframe, we know obviously about the innovation that we have are coming on to the business and we're pretty happy with the innovation platform that we have on Glad and we're pretty confident that we can get this business back on track once we've cycled through the well-documented issues, which we continue to characterize as short-term.
Benno Dorer: Yes, Olivia we've always commented that we're not afraid to spend more, should there be an opportunity, and right now, certainly, there is an opportunity. And spending, of course is also broadly defined, right, whether that's in advertising, sales promotion or capital spending in initiatives that deliver growth. So we will always prioritize the long term health of our brands. We will always manage this business for the long term versus for the quarter. So all those things that -- I know you're used to from Clorox, they remain true, said that, you know, we think that the overall spending level in advertising and sales promotion isn't going up. So as a general rule of thumb, we like the 10%. Part of why we're taking it up in the back half is that in the front half, we spend less than 10% because we have waited for our back half innovations to come on and certainly the fact that our margin situation is slightly more positive. It gives us a little bit of room to do so. But 10% continues to be the right number, we'll always take a look at that, but that's been the right number for a while and we don't see any reason why we should move off of that.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks, Nik. Laundry was down for the quarter, certainly in volume and share and it's not our aspiration for the business and certainly not happy with that. The reason is mostly post pricing distribution losses sound like a broken record, perhaps, but that's, of course, been a known issue on several of the categories and something that we're cycling through. Said that, I'll also give the perspective that our past 13 weeks share through November is about 61% and that's well within the long term range and just to name three examples, it's higher than it was two years ago, or three years ago or four years ago. So maybe that's helpful for perspective. Feeling good about back half plans, obviously on the distribution side, cannot say what will happen to the category. We have seen a little bit of a contraction in overall space that retailers dedicate to this category, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. And generally leading brands and importantly leading SKUs are benefiting from that because there is greater shelf clarity. So we haven't seen a reduction in overall shelf space for the category leads to a reduction in sales or a reduction in market share. It would be our expectation that among compaction, perhaps or after compaction perhaps distribution is about neutral versus what it is today, because all we're trying to do is convert the category. We're not using that as an opportunity to build distribution. We're really leveling the playing field with compaction. Margin impact on compaction, obviously is positive. What we've commented on in the past, is that the last time we compacted, it was a 500 basis point margin improvement to the business. We'd expect this one to be somewhat lower, but still meaningful to the business. So feeling good about compaction and feeling that this initiative is on track. Also want to point in Laundry to fabric sanitizers which we're launching now and is off to a good start and that will be one of the initiatives that we're investing in quite significantly because it's a growing category that's become quite sizable and it's one, given the nature of the category, sanitization where we feel like the Clorox name has a strong equity with consumers and customers, for that matter, and we feel like our products can add meaningful value to that category and its momentum. So feel -- feel good about the back half in Laundry and expect better results, certainly not happy with the share losses and also the volume losses in Q2.
Benno Dorer: Yes, on profit. So all I'd say is that I don't want to speculate at this point and what -- all I did say is that for a publicly traded company buying growth and buying market share, it doesn't necessarily work, because the margins and profit growth matters, too. So we'll see how it all plays out. You and I have followed this category for a long time obviously, I don't remember it being easier or more difficult when PakTech was public. The reality is this is a very competitive category, there is no question. And we have lost some market share but if I unpack that a little bit, the market shares are mostly because of post pricing distribution losses. So it's our own doing and what I've commented on in the past is that we have taken into account a very conscious trade-off between short term and long term. If you then look at where the distribution losses occur though and also the share losses occur, they are mainly in the less profitable base trash segment, as you know and also in food storage. As you know, we're very focused on trash. If I look at the indoor premium trash bag, which is the heart of our business and also the largest sub segment in trash and as you can imagine, one of the more profitable parts of the business, that part actually grew in Q2. So there is puts and takes on Glad, clearly we're taking a more cautious approach. Clearly, we are in a mode of defending this business and not everything is rosy while we're seeing green shoots. But what I'd say is that we have confidence in our right to win in this category. The right to win in this category does not change and we're investing behind it which expresses our confidence going forward.
Benno Dorer: So, that would be speculation on your end. And I hope you can tolerate me saying that. Why do we own Glad? Why do we own Glad strategically is, first of all, it's very aligned with our capabilities, first of all. Second, over the long term it's added an enormous amount of shareholder value. So obviously we want each of the businesses that we own to add shareholder value in the long term. That does mean that every now and then there is a business that struggles in the short term. And you know whether that was Brita a year or two ago, which is now one of our strongest performing businesses or litter and charcoal certainly falls into that camp right now as well. That does happen in a highly diversified portfolio. So while we always look at whether and how we can be the highest value owner of our business, we like this business, we're confident in our plans forward and it's a very solid fit with our capabilities on multiple fronts.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Pretty simple, Kaumil. Thanks for allowing us to clarify. So there is some non-tracked channels where the net sales for volume sold is lower, right? So think about Klub, typically where products are sold at a discount, that shows up as a drag at the sales or at least in the volume to sales ratio and that's happened in cleaning, where we see certain parts of our portfolio in part of the non-tracked channel perform particularly well.
Benno Dorer: Yes, if I rewind and what really happened was that, first of all, right after we took pricing, our consumption was very strong, as you will remember. That was prior to distribution losses but what we said then is that we expect significant bumpiness and a significant bumpiness would show up, for example in distribution losses and in merchandising losses. So that's exactly what happens and as a result, I don't really see any change. So you don't find me any more or less confident on this than I was six months ago or 18 months ago. The reality is that we are playing a long game here. We are protecting our ability to grow margins in the face of cost adversity with an eye on the long term and retailers understand that, but retailers certainly also didn't consistently like that as we had anticipated. Where the case is perhaps like on Glad that where it was more pronounced than we had anticipated, I would absolutely say that that's true in parts, because as we've duly noted, like so many institutions and companies, we didn't necessarily get the resin forecast right, right? So if I look back, I would have liked to get more accuracy into our resin forecast because maybe our plan forward then would have been different and maybe distribution losses, if I speculate for a second, would have been more benign. But by and large, this is playing out exactly as we anticipated then. We've always said that we're after good growth and good growth is profitable and sustainable and responsible and we don't like the distribution and the share losses either, at the same time, we do like our margin enhancements, which allows us to invest in the momentum of our brands in the back half and that's what we're focused on.
Benno Dorer: Yes, I'll take M&A and then Kevin is going to take your good question on advertising sales force levels. Not anymore or less inclined to do M&A, than we always are. As we always comment, we look at many things throughout the year, certainly continue to find desired valuations to be on the higher side and we'll continue to be disciplined. What we have said in the past is that our priority is to have a healthy core. So our focus right now is on just that and we like the progress. Said that, for a good acquisition that is on strategy and where we feel like we can add clear value to a business, we remain open, so that there is no change to what we've talked about during our Investor Day in October.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thank you all and all that's left is to say is that I look forward to talking with you again in May when we discuss our Q3 results. Thank you and have a good day everyone.
Wendy Nicholson: Hi, good afternoon. A couple of quick ones. First thing, Kevin, maybe just to clarify the trade spending in the quarter, I think you said it was 90 basis points of gross margin pressure but if my memory is right, I think it was 180 basis points in the first quarter. So is that just a timing issue? I would have expected higher spending this quarter as you try to regain distribution etc., etc. and see more gross margin pressure from that, but curious if there's any commentary on that.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it, got it. That makes sense. On the bleach compaction that I think you said were shipping this month. What's your expectation for competition? Do you think they follow the same degree of compaction? Do you think there's going to be incremental promotion? How much of a price increase are you embedding? Maybe if you could just talk a little bit more about that, that would be great.
Wendy Nicholson: Got it. Fair enough. And then my very last question is just on trash bags. In the Nielsen data that we saw today and I know Nielsen doesn't tell the whole story or even -- even close to the whole story. But still, you commented on a higher level of competitive activity in the bags category. On the trash side in particular, it looks like private label is the one who is actually doing more of the promotions but their market shares aren't increasing. So I wondered if you could just comment kind of on your read where the promotion is coming from. What do you see in the broader universe and whether you're more worried about the branded side of the competitive dynamic or the private label side? Thanks.
