Donald Knauss: Thank you, Steve, and hello everyone. What I would like to do today is start by sharing my perspective, as Steve said, on the current environment and our plans going forward. While we achieved our top line growth in our third quarter and we anticipate growth in the fourth quarter, our top line results and outlook reflect the obviously difficult global operating environment and are not as strong as we had anticipated.  Our overall gross margin declined in the third quarter versus our outlook for margin expansion beginning in the second half, and although we're pleased with our success in controlling those factors we can control, clearly, we're not satisfied with these results. Without a doubt, the current business environment is challenging. So what I'd like to do is speak for a moment, not about our company or our results, but about broader trends and the factors impacting our categories. We all know consumers have been weathering the most difficult economic period in decades and remain under considerable financial pressure.  Against this macroeconomic setting, we continue to see overall weak U.S. category performance that is affecting our entire industry. The U.S. categories in which Clorox participates, experienced 2% growth in 2008. Today, they're declining nearly 2.5 percentage points a more than a 4-point swing. At the same time, sustained high oil costs due to the geopolitical environment, as well as strong global demand, are driving up prices, not only for resin but for substantially all input costs. These significant cost increases are forcing nearly every consumer packaged goods company to take price increases to help offset the margin impacts in their categories. And while we can't control macroeconomic or geopolitical factors, there are many factors that we can and do control. With Clorox, we do have great brands, we've got great people, we have great capabilities, I think as all of you know. And we have the right plans in place to come out of this cycle stronger, to the benefit of our brands, our customers, our consumers, our own people, and we certainly think to the benefit of our shareholders.  And my confidence is supported by the following three factors: First, we've been down this road before, and we've weathered it well. Over the last six years, we twice faced significant commodity cost increases, and we were able to generate strong cost savings and take pricing, substantially all of which stuck in the marketplace. Now during the last two commodity increase cycles, we were a bit late to take pricing and ended up slightly behind the curve relative to rising costs and restoring our margins. So we're responding more quickly in this cycle.  A true measure of a brand's strength and quality is the price premium it commands. And we've been a price -- a premium price and premium quality leader across our categories for nearly 100 years. So despite the soft category dynamics I mentioned, we have been consistently growing all-outlet share, even through these difficult times. And Larry will talk a little bit more about the share gains in a few minutes. Second, we're focused on driving sustainable growth. We will appropriately balance our short-term plans with our long-term strategy and objectives. We will continue to invest in our future through innovation across the three Ds of desire, design and delight, to build our brands. And in addition, we remain committed to strategic investments to modernize our systems and facilities to support innovation and growth as we noted in the press release this morning. Third, we remain committed to long-term shareholder value creation. We'll do this by supporting our dividend, using the remaining proceeds from our Auto business for share buybacks, investing in inorganic growth through acquisitions and returning excess cash to shareholders. Now as the economy improves and we look forward and beyond 2012, we expect a robust innovation pipeline that will help drive category growth. Our near-term investments in IT infrastructure and R&D facilities will provide platforms for growth and efficiencies. And our strong cost savings programs will continue to contribute to margin expansion, all of which, I believe, will lead to improving results and trends over the longer term. For these reasons, I certainly remain confident in our ability to work through the challenges of the current environment and our future over the next coming years. So with that, let me turn it over to Larry.
Donald Knauss: Now before we take your questions, I'd just like to reiterate my confidence in our plans and our people and our future. And as I -- I said it in my opening remarks, which Larry and Dan supported through their detailed comments. One, we know how to manage through these inflationary cycles, and we are responding quickly with pricing to help offset the margin impacts; two, we have returned to top line growth, and our share positions have improved, demonstrating the value of our brands to our consumers; three, we see category growth rates improving behind a robust innovation pipeline; four, we're committed to maintaining the health of our business, investing in demand building and longer-term projects in fiscal year '12 to enable growth and provide a foundation for future efficiencies and savings; and fifth, we remain dedicated to long-term shareholder value creation. So certainly, I and the rest of the team are committed to ensuring that we celebrate our 100th anniversary in 2 years with a very strong foundation from which we can build on for decades to come. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open it up for questions.
Donald Knauss: Let me start Chris, and then I'll turn it over to Larry and Dan. I think that when you look at the trends, and we are seeing some sequential improvement in trends. For example, in tracked channels, in the last 13 weeks, we've seen our categories down about a 0.5 a point. Now when you look at all-outlets, they are obviously down approaching 2 points, but we are seeing sequential improvement. The other thing we have reflected on is, in 2008 when oil was hitting north of $145 and with the last time we went to these kind of sticker shock, this kind of sticker shock at the gas pump, we actually saw consumers staple categories stabilize to improve as people spent less of their discretionary funds on going out to dinner, for example, and doing other things. So we saw a bit of a cocooning effect, as people stayed home more -- we think that trend could be very likely to repeat itself. So we have, as I said, seen some sequential improvement, and the last thing I would say is that innovation is the key to this. I mean in this environment, if you can sell $600 iPads, I think we can do a better job of selling our brands as well. And I think the innovation to that is the answer. We have a more robust innovation pipeline. We just kicked off in January, February of this year, and you'll see more of that in '12 and '13 for sure.
Donald Knauss: Yes, I think the only thing I would add, Doug, to Larry's comments is it's interesting if you look at our all-outlet share data and you look at the 3 basic categories that we face off with private labels, that would be Laundry, particularly Bleach, Glad and Charcoal. And you look at our all-outlet share gains over the last year, those are the 3 strongest categories of share gains that we've seen. So clearly, I think we have that ability to take price. And I think that over the last 3 years or so, we've taken over 50 pricing actions, and I believe we've only incented 2 of them. So I think we feel fairly good about it. Although this is obviously a very difficult environment to go into this pricing move. But we are seeing, as Larry noted earlier, pretty consistent share gains across the all-outlet universe.
Donald Knauss: I think, Javier, the only other thing I would add is on Glad, with that 9.5% price increase. We all think we've got some -- we also think we have some very meaningful innovation in FY '12 and '13 that we would link to that price increase. So we think we're maintaining or improving even our value equation to the consumer.
Donald Knauss: Yes, I don't think, I certainly don't think, Nik, that we've gotten all of that back by people going into other channels, but I think we -- you certainly see evidence of some of that given how the tracked channel data over the last 13 weeks is -- our categories are down about 0.5 point, which is significantly better than the all-outlet universe, which Wal-Mart is obviously a big piece of.
Donald Knauss: I think, Ali, the major difference, and I would caveat the difference here, by saying, while the growth in the third quarter, the top line growth at about 1.5% was a little bit lower than we expected. It still was about a 4.5 point swing from the first half of the year. But I think the biggest difference from the last call to this call has been the geopolitical events and what's going on in the world economy and the pressure on pricing and what commodity pricing and what that's doing to the consumer. And I think when you're pulling up to a gas pump in San Francisco, you're paying $4.30 for a gallon of gas, I think that's a fundamental shift from where it was 3 months ago. So I think the consumer environment out there has changed in terms of the pressure people are under, and I think that's what you're seeing reflected, putting some of the pressure on the top line.
Donald Knauss: Ali, the other thing I would add is -- and maybe the perspective is somewhere in the middle. But I think given the volatility, I don't think that anyone knows. I think that we've all learned some lessons over the last 3 years. This has been the most difficult economic environment we've, all of us have gone through. I do think I would describe our -- I think our outlook on the top line growth is conservative. I think we're trying to be realistic. I think I would edge it to being conservative. But we certainly don't want to create a cost structure around an overly optimistic top line algorithm, and we need to be prudent in that regard. So I think we've got a lot of experience over the last 3 years, and our models have been very predictive on what happens with volume when we take pricing. So I think we've learned those lessons, and that's what that's reflected in the outlook.
Donald Knauss: I mean just for some perspective, that business for us last year in this quarter grew in the high-single digits, and now it's growing north of 20%. So it's been quite a step, up as we've really increased the size of our sales force to go out there and get our products out with that respective channel and customer class.
Donald Knauss: Connie, the only thing I would add is, a few years ago, when we did our first -- I did my first analyst meeting in New York, we talked about the Glad business, and we showed economic profit across our brands. And at that time, Glad was not returning above its cost of capital. And as Dan said, we've made a lot of progress. Now that business, in total, is returning above its cost of capital and the premium segment of trash, which is now almost 40% of the total brand, is at or above the company average for economic profit. And so when I look out, as Dan and Larry said over the next 3 years and look at the pipeline, not only in terms of creating more demand for the business but also lowering costs, I think we can continue with our joint venture, continue to drive cost out to the point where we can get close, if not to a low-producing -- a low-cost producer status. If we can continue to take cost out and increase the strengths of these bags, I think that innovation is going to bode well over the long term for the brand.
Donald Knauss: Okay, well, thanks, everyone, for your participation, and we certainly look forward to talking with you again in August when we can share our final fiscal year end result, and then we can obviously get more detail into the FY '12 plans and the outlook there. Take care.
Lawrence Peiros: I think I would add that I think our assumptions for fiscal '12 are relatively conservative. Essentially, we're seeing a bit of an uptick in trend to basically a slight decline in our categories, and that's essentially what we're projecting in the U.S. for next year. We are expecting some stronger growth in the international market and kind of an overall category growth rate of about flat for next year. So I think that's relatively conservative, given that we're about at that growth rate today. And that obviously, we're starting to index off a negative comps, which should work in our favor. I think what we've been all about for the last several years is making sure that our value equation is right with the consumer. And there's been a lot of basic innovation on our base brands to make sure that we have 60, 40 winners versus the competition, and we're doing the right thing in terms of our advertising to ensure that we have the right value message out with consumers. And I think our focus on that fundamental is what helped us build share over the last several years during tough economic times, and I'm assuming that is what helps us continue to grow share over the future.
Lawrence Peiros: So I would say that promotional is kind of leveled off. It's still high, but I don't think it's increasing at this point. And in fact, as we see people take pricing these days, a lot of times, they're also taking a down the rate of trade spending. So I expect that over time, over the longer term, we actually may see some decrease in trade promotion spending. Some of that reflected in higher prices at shelf. In terms of our ability to pass on pricing, again, I think we've been through this before. We're pretty good at modeling the impact of pricing. The models have been very predictive over the course of, unfortunately, a long number of years now and a lot of pricing actions. I think we have credibility with our customers in terms of the impact of pricing. Generally, we do see a volume hit when we take pricing, but our sales are usually about even or slightly up, depending on the category. I'd say in many of our category, we typically are the pricing leader and typically lead the pricing for the rest of the category. I think the place where that's been a bit more difficult has been in the in Glad Trash category, where we have seen different reactions from competitors over time in terms of pricing both up and down. A lot of times, it's just been a pricing issue or a timing issue, of whether pricing has been delayed by a few months and then maybe because we had contracts or agreements in place, whatever. But that's the one category where the competition has initially moved in sync with our pricing actions.
Lawrence Peiros: Let me try and clarify. So overall, we said, we might see about 400 basis points worth of pricing actions, but that would result in far less than that in terms of top line growth. So essentially, that's offset by the volume declines I just referred to earlier. So because of -- there will be some consumer pullback when we take pricing, there is some reduction in volumes. So the net impact of pricing is probably about a point versus the 400 basis points you've seen in our outlook. And I think that we tried to stipulate that in our outlook discussion in the press release. In terms of where we are taking pricing, based on our current commodity look, we're going to be taking pricing, a vast majority of our portfolio in the U.S., as well as addressing issues in international countries where we either have inflation or FX issues. So there is a chunk of fairly large chunk of our pricing plans that now exist in international markets that may change over time based on inflationary factors and FX. But we have a lot of pricing in the U.S., and it's across most of the portfolio, based on our current estimates of commodities. And obviously, those seem to change on a regular basis, so we may change our pricing plans as we go through the year. But right now, we're expecting pricing pretty much across the portfolio.
Lawrence Peiros: So I think if you look at the historical results on Glad, you would see that we have basically been gaining share and driving our business more to the premium segments of trash bags, which is obviously, a trade-up for us, as well as a trade up for our retail customers. And there's been, I think it's a total of 6 price increases now over the last 6 years, and even a decline within that period of time. And so, while competition hasn't always followed closely behind us, I think generally speaking, the pricing actions we've taken have helped preserve now our top line, but certainly our bottom line results. So there's definitely going to be glitches by quarter, and there'll be instances where in a certain account or a certain competitor doesn't track exactly with our pricing actions. But I would argue over the long term, we have done very well managing our overall value equation on Glad and generating a strong top line results and strong share results and pretty good bottom line results.
Lawrence Peiros: So the growth in the -- so we have the total outlet, which is based on a 52-weeks ending, just based on accuracy of the data.
Lawrence Peiros: The trends have reversed in the last quarter. So we used to see a routinely, dramatically more growth than the untracked universe. In this quarter, it's actually slightly better for the tracked universe.
Lawrence Peiros: The tracked universe would be grocery and Target. The untracked universe would be Wal-Mart, dollar stores, club stores.
Lawrence Peiros: I'm guessing we're going to see probably in the near term, probably about even growth in both segments. I don't think we're going to see the outlandish growth in the untracked universe that we have seen. Some of this is driven by results at Wal-Mart, obviously, which is a big chunk of our volume. So depending on how you feel about Wal-Mart's return to growth and we're pretty optimistic on that, we may see more growth in the untracked universe.
Lawrence Peiros: So that's about the same number. We've been between 2% and 3% of incremental sales from innovation for about, I think, 6 years running now. And what you're going to see is a lot of the same kind of things you've seen in the past from us, improvements on base brands, which improve our growth on those base brands, as well as some incremental activity in what you might term white spaces. So the recent examples would be the -- we're launching a new bag on our base trash bag on Glad, we're doing a filtering sports bottle on our Brita business. So those are examples -- that's an example of a base brand improvement, an example of kind of new white space for us.
Lawrence Peiros: So I'll try to address your question on Wal-Mart. I think, first of all, I would say that we feel great about the change in direction at Wal-Mart, I was at their year beginning meeting maybe a month or so ago, and they're clearly focused on getting back to their fundamentals of having great brands at everyday low prices and collaborating again with suppliers in a meaningful way. So we think that bodes well for our future business. There's no question that our categories were particularly weak at Wal-Mart over the last couple of quarters. I think that may have had an overall impact on all-outlet category growth, given that there's such a big chunk of it. They're starting to get healthier. We're actually seeing improvement in our trends quarter-to-quarter over the last couple of quarters. So we're much more encouraged by their direction. But it probably did have a bit of an impact on the overall category consumption in the past couple of quarters.
Lawrence Peiros: I don't know that we can speak for other companies. Again, I would say that I think we have lots of experience taking pricing and dealing with high commodity costs. I think the cautiousness comes from the fact that the economy is in tough shape right now, and consumers are seeing pricing not just on Clorox products, but across all the food products, obviously, gasoline prices. So I think we're launching lots of pricing at a time when consumers are pretty vulnerable to economic reality, and I think that probably tempers our enthusiasm at this point.
Lawrence Peiros: So I think we expect growth in the fourth quarter, probably about the same pace as what we saw in Q3 or, hopefully, a little bit above that. I think the innovation we have out there is generally the results, pretty much that we expected. Hidden Valley remains strong. We have a bunch of new flavors, kind of expanding into non-ranch flavors in that business, and that's largely been successful. Brita has suffered a bit from a category softness, but we're introducing a new sports bottle. So there's an incremental white space to go after on that business. Charcoal remains a very healthy business. Probably, the biggest wildcard at this point is Glad, given the pricing that we are taking, which is effective at bidding with [indiscernible]. That's probably the biggest wildcard, at least, in the short term. We think that will play out fine over the long term, but there may be some surprises in the Q4 in the Glad business.
Lawrence Peiros: I basically would say the same thing. These are highest margin businesses. They're generally doing well. In the short term, there's some investments, certainly, in Burt's International. There's been a bit of a trade-down in Hidden Valley on some sizing, but some investment behind new products. But I think these are healthy margin businesses that will remain healthy margins.
Lawrence Peiros: That business grew double digits. The primary focus these days is on the kind of the health channels, hospitals, nursing homes, et cetera. You may recall we made a small acquisition in that space called Caltech. That business has been very successfully integrated, and we've added some additional sales capability as a result of that acquisition, in addition to some existing distribution. So essentially, most of that growth is around filling out our product line around products that disinfect, kill germs, sterilize hospital rooms, as well as getting new distribution points to go into more hospital groups, hospital distribution channels and gaining distribution based on the efficacy of our products, as well as our ability to deal with infection control.
Lawrence Peiros: We're a very small player in a very, very large market space. So we have a lot of headspace. But based on all that we know, those markets are growing at a pretty good clip, probably in the high-single digits, although I wouldn't say that our data sources are incredibly accurate in that space.
Lawrence Peiros: It may not feel like it, but we actually are getting better at managing the ups and downs by quarter. And by the way, there are some up quarters they are not all down quarters. And for example, this quarter while our volume is down appreciably, our sales is down far less because of pricing and are, actually, our profitability is positive. So we did manage the quarter reasonably well. But there definitely are surprises on Glad that's found in other [ph] businesses, and it's a bit more challenging. I think that to Dan's point is, I think we have our richest new product innovation pipeline on the Glad business right now, and most of that, not only provides innovation to consumers, but also involves reducing the resin content, which will help us from a cost-structure perspective.
Lawrence Peiros: To be clear, I'm not talking about a low-cost supplier, because we're always going to spend disproportionately on advertising on this business. I'm talking about low-cost production. I think we can get -- the real key in this business is, can you increase or hold strength while taking out more and more resin. And I think we've got better technology there than anyone. As you can see, evidently, the evidence of that being ForceFlex and OdorShield. So I think that's what we're going to continue to do, is drive cost out of the production side, as we increase the strength of the bag and offer consumers better value.
Lawrence Peiros: Let me try and I think, I will give you a simple answer. I don't think anything has dramatically changed in terms of supplier power or consolidation. I think this is essentially is evolving through a cycle in which there was escalating oil prices and, therefore, escalating raw material prices. And I think we and many companies were a bit behind the curve in taking, being aggressive about taking pricing. And what we're saying is we're trying to get ahead of the curve, and we're seeing the same kind of behavior, and our suppliers are also trying to get ahead of the curve. So I think this is just lessons learned from the past 5 or so years, going through a cycle like this, and just not being patient and being more aggressive about taking pricing to try and offset, oftentimes not completely offset, but trying to offset some of the margin increase.
Daniel Heinrich: Chris, I would say we're definitely not price-insensitive. We always have a point of view on what the value of the company is on a DCF and intrinsic basis. Certainly, we believe the prices that we repurchased shares over the course of the year to be a very good value for shareholders, particularly as we look at the prospects for the company and our projections for the coming year. So we think it is a very good investment for the shareholders. As you know, we don't keep cash on the balance sheet, and we don't want to delever the balance sheet from the debt levels that we have today. So we've put in place a ratable repurchase program over the course of -- we started -- we did offset option dilution in the first half. We started the open market purchases in the second half of the year and continued that program. So on a ratable basis, we've been in the market, we'll continue to be the market in the fourth quarter. Again, we have about a little over $260 million left to repurchase, and we'll do that over the balance of the quarter. But we certainly believe that the prices that we've been able to get our shares back, that based on our view, the DCF value of the company, that this is a very good investment for shareholders.
Daniel Heinrich: In selling and admin, we have seen a bit of a drift up over the last couple of years on that line, Bill. Some of it is the investments we're making. I think though as you look at our efficiency versus the rest of the peer group, I think you'd still say we're pretty darn efficient on that line. We are elevated this year. Two factors driving it this year. Again, we're starting the incremental investments in IT and facilities. We also have the -- we sold the Auto business, and we still have some of those stranded costs that we're still working against. And so, you'll see a bit of that in fiscal '11 and some of that in '12, as we look to find ways to try to get those stranded costs out. So we do have some level of elevation in our S&A spending. We'll see, probably, my guess is the peak of it in fiscal '12, and then we'll start to see that, that, come back down.
Daniel Heinrich: Let me take the M&A question. As you know, our primary focus in inorganic growth has been looking for bolt-on acquisitions in our international markets. Those tend to be episodic. Certainly, if they become available, we'll evaluate them. The other primary focus area is our institutional market, our Away From Home. That tends to be a different channel. That's primarily in acute-care facilities, hospitals. We're still very interested in both building out our product set, building our distribution and getting further penetration in that market. That's where most of the activity is focused today. Those trends will not, independent of what's going on in the economy, do have their own sort of secular trends, and those trends have seen strong growth, even through this cycle. So it's an area that we're still very interested in.
Daniel Heinrich: In terms of multiples, I think we saw them go up prior to the recession. I think they've moderated a bit. It's the typical story, Nik. If it's a really good property, then you're going to get a high multiple for it. And if it's less attractive, the multiples might be a little bit lower. As you know, we use an economic profit lens on our acquisitions, and that's usually a pretty good filter for us. And we continue to apply that. I would say our, as we look at the Away From Home market, as you know, we did a small acquisition there at a very nice multiple, meaning a lower multiple. So we think there are some opportunities in that space for pretty reasonable multiples to be paid to be able to expand our business there.
Daniel Heinrich: I think the other factor that you have to think about, Ali, is the rapidity at which people are taking pricing. We used to have, I call it, more run way, particularly as we have lags in contracts and things like that. I think similar to what we're doing in taking pricing sooner in this cycle, we're seeing that with all commodity vendors. They're just moving forward quickly here, and we're not able to get the kind of lags that we used to get in some of our contracting. So I think the costs have jumped up pretty dramatically over a reasonably short period of time. People are pricing that in much more quickly than they have in the past. I think what is different -- oh, and you have to keep in mind $160 million to $170 million of cost pressure that we're anticipating, that's about equal to what we saw back in the peak period we had in 2006. It's a pretty big chunk. What is different though is we're pricing a lot sooner in this cycle. In the last cycle, we probably got down on our margins over 300 basis points, and then it took us the better part of the year and a half or so to rebuild those margins back. While we do expect some softness in our margins in fiscal '12, we don't believe we'll be down in the hole that we were in last time. And therefore, I think what we're doing is pretty prudent. But there's a lot more commodity costs pressure, we're needing to take more pricing to help mitigate that, but we're doing it sooner in the cycle to help mitigate how far down we get.
Daniel Heinrich: The outlook we have it's the -- we separate our outlook into the direct impact from foreign exchange, and the 1% is roughly further declines that we're anticipating in both Argentina and Venezuela, because those economies continue to be under pressure. We would expect to see declines there. We do have favorability in other currencies. The net impact of that, as we put in our outlook, is about one point. But keep in mind that inside the pricing number that we gave you of 400 basis points, includes a fairly decent amount of pricing in our international markets, including those markets to help to offset some of the foreign exchange. So we tend to gross it up in our outlook and say, it's about one point negative. In fact, there's a fair bit of pricing that we're taking to offset that. It will net to a much smaller impact on the top line. And as Larry said, depending on how foreign currencies move over the course of the next year, will influence how much pricing we take in our international market. So if we see less declines in foreign currencies, we may be taking less in pricing to offset it. So the 2 kind of work, hand and glove.
Daniel Heinrich: Jason, just to be clear, the flat-to-one outlook on sales is the full year. So just to be clear, for fourth quarter, as Larry said, we are probably in that 2% to 3% sales growth range. So it will be stronger growth in the fourth quarter versus what you saw sequentially in the third quarter.
Daniel Heinrich: When our -- I'll start then maybe Larry has some comments. When you think about Lifestyle, it's actually some of our highest margin businesses there. So our outlook continues to be very good for prospects in margin. Now certainly in the Burt's business, which falls into that Lifestyle segment, we are investing in the international growth, but Burt's still has very strong margins. I think the impact that you're seeing near term more has to do with the impact of commodity costs, kind of the sequencing and timing of commodity costs versus the timing on when we will take pricing. You do have a little bit of again the investment for Burt's Bees, and then you also have just a little bit of a business mix issue there, because Brita's has been a touch soft, particularly as we saw in the quarter. But net-net, we think that's going to be, continue to be one of our strongest margin segments.
Daniel Heinrich: You know, resin is the biggest component that's moving in our fiscal '12 outlook. We will probably see almost twice as much increase in resin in fiscal '12 as we're seeing in fiscal '11. Our outlook right now, $160 million to $170 million, that range does accommodate oil trading kind of in the range that it's trading at today. I think a lot of it will depend on where oil trades over the balance of the year and how that translates into the resin market. But certainly, we've seen an acceleration there in resin, particularly as we've got in here in the third quarter, into the fourth quarter and up next year. Also, on a comparative basis, we will see more of that cost pressure in the first half of fiscal '12, because we're comping against lower cost environment in the first half of fiscal '11 versus fiscal '12. So you'll see more of that commodity impact in the first half of the year. We'll moderate a bit in the second half, as we're starting to comp against higher rates. So we'll just have to see. I mean obviously, oil has been very volatile and -- but we're pricing against the outlook that we have today.
Daniel Heinrich: Yes, I would say, John, that probably, in order of magnitude, about 60% of the cost increase in fiscal '12 is going to come from resin.
Daniel Heinrich: Connie, let me start, and I'm sure Don and Larry will probably want to add some comments as well. As we look at the Glad business, I mean we do need to acknowledge it is impacted by, more impacted by the movement in commodity costs. And certainly, oil and resins are a larger component of the costs in that category. It's also a category that does have greater exposure to private label. Our strategies for the Glad business over the last 4 to 5 years have been pretty consistent, and frankly, I view them as reasonably successful. The first strategy was really to get out of the base trash category to use the technologies, whether it came through the joint venture to increasingly move a greater proportion of our volume out of the base trash, where it's relatively undifferentiated and more price-sensitive into the premium end. And I think we've been extremely successful with ForceFlex, now with our OdorShield to being able to trade up into more premium end, which is really where all the economic profit is in the business. We've taken other actions in that business, including exiting the legacy private-label piece, which was actually destroying value. So we've got the benefit of that. And as we look at our IP pipeline, our innovation pipeline over the next few years, actually, Glad is one of our stronger businesses in terms of what we see coming out of the portfolio. And a lot of that technology is based around how do you get further strength in the bag while taking resin out at the same time, and giving the consumer substantial benefit? So I think we've done actually a very nice job of generating economic profit out of the Glad business. And I think the future is, as we look at the innovation pipeline and our share gains and where we want to take the business, I think it looks reasonably good. But there is volatility in the business, I think we've also demonstrated that we've been able to manage through to those commodity cycles. But we do manage through pricing, and a lot of that pricing has stuck in the market. So we obviously know that we will need to take more pricing and are doing so and -- but I think we will come through it okay. And again, at the end of the day, if we're not improving economic profit on the business, then we'd have to look at it and say whether it belongs in the portfolio. But we have been able to increase the economic profit on this business over the last couple of years, and we see further growth even in spite of the commodity cycle we're about to go through.
Daniel Heinrich: Well, I think that you're probably, Connie is talking about the volume impact. I don't know if I can respond specifically to 9.5%, but if you think about all of the pricing across the portfolio we're taking, again, we've got 4-plus points of pricing. And that's probably 3-plus points to offset sitting from volume impact. So you've got about a 75% near-term offset from volume. I would guess at this point, Glad would look similar to that. But over time, as we know the volume impact goes away and the 4 points of pricing generally sticks. And therefore, you get the margin extension at the back end of the cycle, and we would expect that pattern to hold for Glad. And as you know, in Glad in the last cycle, we took 5 price increases. We did roll 2 back with the price increase last August, and now the one we're taking here. We're essentially almost all reinstating the 2 price increases that we had rolled back. So we would expect, that's probably my best guess, as to how that will play out.
Daniel Heinrich: And I think in the past, what we've talked about is we tried to figure out what the longer-term trend in these categories would be and price to that trend, which means you didn't necessarily move as quickly or as much. I think just given the absolute volatility in commodities, the visibility and being able to figure out what those long [ph] trends are is pretty muted. And so, we determined we need to move more quickly on pricing. If there is a dramatic decline, then certainly, we would look at our pricing, because we want to make sure we remain competitive in the market place. I would remind you though that we took more than 60 price increases in the last cycle, and only 2 or 3 of them were rolled back. So most of those did, in fact, stick in the market. But we would certainly look at what impact on pricing, what impact there would be on pricing, if we saw a dramatic decline in commodities. No one, however, right now is forecasting a dramatic decline in commodities.
Daniel Heinrich: But there would be symmetry. So when we had more lags in the contracts, you lag on the way up, you also lag on the way down, to the extent those get shorter. Yes, you would expect symmetry on both sides of the curve.
