Benno Dorer: Thanks, Kevin, and thanks everybody for being on the call. I'll start by emphasizing the Clorox remains dedicated to good growth. Growth that's profitable, sustainable and responsible for our company shareholders and retail partners. Our approach to good growth is to invest strongly in our purpose driven brands to deliver superior value beyond industry-leading innovation and strong consumer engagement online, execute pricing and cost savings plans to offset cost pressures and pursue mergers and acquisitions thoughtfully to evolve our portfolio over time. With this in mind, here are the three important takeaways from today's call. First, Clorox's executing well overall against the strategic priorities we set at the start of the fiscal year. We continue to invest strongly in our brands, our multi-year innovation platforms including Clorox Scentiva and Fresh Step Clean Paws continue to perform well. Burt's Bees strong third quarter sales were supported by innovation in Face Care and while early. We are encouraged by the initial results of our latest innovations, including new Kingsford a 100% Natural Hardwood Briquettes, Hidden Valley Ready-to-Eat Dips, and the Brita Filtering Water Bottle. And we are seeing sustained momentum in ecommerce across a number of brands. We continue to expect this channel to be about 8% of company sales this fiscal year. As we had planned for the second half of fiscal 2019, we invested strongly in advertising and sales promotion in our third quarter with investment levels at more than 11% of sales for our U.S. retail business to continue driving awareness and trial behind innovation and to support the long-term health of our brands. We continue to be pleased about our acquisition of Nutranext, which recently reached the one-year mark of joining the Clorox family. We're certainly pleased about the businesses contribution to total company sales and our integration work remains on track. We delivered another quarter of gross margin expansion. Good growth means we're focused on profitable growth versus growth at all cost. We’re pleased that our pricing actions in the U.S. and international as well as our agile enterprise and cost savings programs contributed to gross margin results. Apart from Glad, we're seeing pricing resilience in many parts of our portfolio with continued market share growth in six of nine brands that took pricing, including Clorox bleach, sprays and toilet cleaning products, Fresh Step cat litter, Hidden Valley dressings, and Burt's Bees products. Lastly, we feel very good about the strong progress we are seeing in our international business with continued strong topline momentum in several categories and countries, including two consecutive quarters of double-digit sales growth in Asia. What's more, in the face of significant FX headwinds, our Go Lean Strategy focusing on pricing and cost savings has delivered five consecutive quarters of profit growth. My second message for today is we are aggressively addressing the challenges in the Bags and Wraps and Disinfecting Wipes categories. As Lisa and Kevin mentioned, we're charging ahead with increased investments to address the challenges in these two categories. We have been through this before, and we have a strong track record of getting businesses back to growth. We demonstrated this on the Litter and Brita businesses recently and while early, we are encouraged by the initial progress on Charcoal in the third quarter. Finally, my last point is this, we manage our business for the long-term. As we address the challenges we're facing, our priority remains investing in the long-term health of our brands. Longer term, we anticipate continuing to face elevated competitive spending in select categories make it our pursuit of good growth, more challenging, at least in the near-term. We will be prepared to increase our demand building investments to create superior value and support the long-term health of our brands behind the successor to our 2020 strategy. It's a strategy we're excited to share with you in the fall. What I can tell you now is that our updated strategy will include the key elements we believe are critical for continuing to deliver good growth, investing strongly to innovate how we build our brands with proven and new capabilities, which will help us win in the marketplace, transforming the way we work, including leveraging technology to drive competitive advantage, so that we evolve into an even leaner and faster enterprise. And continuing our commitments to be a mission-driven business as a means to support long-term value creation for all our stakeholders. Operator, you may now open up the line for questions.
Benno Dorer: I'll be happy to Lauren. I think we want to separate Q3 and then what we were expecting going forward. If you think about Q3, as Lisa mentioned, Wipes was down. To give a perspective, that was 1 point in headwind to the Company and 2 points of headwind for the Cleaning segment. And the majority of that was cold and flu, pretty mild cold and flu season this year compared to a very severe cold and flu season last year. Last year, according to several metrics and the CDC, it was the most severe cold and flu season since 2009 for perspective. So the delta this year versus last year, pretty extreme, and that accounts for the majority of the weakness. Said that to a lesser extent in Q3, we did see an increase in competitive promotional spending certainly towards the end of the quarter, and we expect that to be continuing. So the cold and flu impact is certainly one-time, and hopefully will help next year if there is more average cold and flu season. But the competitive promotional spending, we do expect that to be sticky and we will defend against it and spend against it mostly to strengthen our own merchandising planning in Q4 and beyond. So this is something that we've seen in the past. If you look at the past 10 years, we've been here before. Generally, we've had most years with very strong growth in Wipes, but we have had years in particular following particularly strong sales and share growth and we've certainly seen that on this business over the last few years, where we have seen a little bit of a correction, where competitors branded and private label, spend back in trade promotion to defend their own share. So if you look at the last 10 years of share in Disinfecting Wipes, we've been as high as mid 50s, we've dropped back down to 47 in 2014, then back up to the mid 50s in 2018, and what you're seeing now it's dropped back in tracked channels below 50%. So, very consistent with what we are seeing every few years. It's a hotly contested category. We're the innovation leader. We’re the spending leader. We have the superior equity. Our brand has seen as better in value. So what that means is as competitors are under pressure they sometimes react with increased promotional spending, and that's what we're seeing now. We're applying the recipe that we've always applied, which is to defend short-term to make sure that competitors understand that this is not the way to grow this category, but then also to continue to drive our strengths long term the strengths certainly, our innovation and our brand equity building, advertising, and sales promotion. To be clear, trading down in this category does not work for the category long term. So as you think about what retailers will see as this promotional support happens right now in the marketplace is that the category growth is easing up, and over time, what we've seen in the past is that the market gets back to rational behavior and driving the category the right way, which is through innovation and advertising and trading in consumers in ways that are sustainable. So nutshell, not a new situation, something that happens periodically, something that certainly happens right now is resin costs has eased up a little bit, but it's something that we know how to deal with.
Benno Dorer: Thanks, Steve. So feeling good about Q3, growth in sales came behind pricing and mix. We've certainly seen a strong retailer acceptance to our selling plans for the new grilling season which really kicks off this quarter. Pricing is also underway and on track and we expect the sell through to be complete during Q4. So a lot of the things that we talked about in the last quarter are working so far pricing in particular of course has given us the fuel to invest in this business, which has credibly important in particular, as it comes to driving household penetration by engaging millennials and by continuing to drive frequency of use through strong merchandising to create impulse purchases. So encouraged by the return to strength in Q3 mainly behind retail engagement. Now what we need to see is that strong retail engagement and the expected strong merchandising plans flow through to the consumer hopefully also aided by a more normal weather compared to last fiscal year. So feel good where they stand. One quarter out of the gates. But the main grilling season is ahead of us and we're focused on engaging our consumer to keep growing the business in line with what we've come to expect over a number of years on Charcoal.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Dara, first of all, tractors is non-tracked as is the case across most of the businesses, non-tracked channel performance is stronger perspective. We grew volume across the total company last quarter at non-tracked channels and that's certainly also two for charcoal and remember that non-tracked channels account for 30% to 40% many of our businesses total sales. So it's pretty significant. So pretty different performance there did not built any inventory beyond what we’re seeing normally heading into the acrylic season. Certainly what we've talked about before. So, really what I have to say on charcoal is nothing new relative to what commented on in the last quarter. Last quarter, what we said is that we're focused on driving household penetration by reengaging millennials. We're doing that by spending incremental dollars, the dollars that we're earning through price increases in target media for new advertising, through new graphics, through 100% hardwood innovation, which is off to a good start and we're also doing that by continuing to engage retailers to drive frequency of use, strong merchandising plans are critical to create impulse purchases because the charcoal purchase is often, an impulse purchase in store and displays work and we are engaging retailers to make sure we have strong plans in place as the grilling season kicks into high gear. So nothing new other than that one quarter in against the plan that we talked about last quarter, we're feeling good about the progress that we're making in particular with retailers and we are focused on the same priorities one quarter at a time. And that's, that's the story in short on Charcoal.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So upfront, I would like to separate Wipes and trash bags and I want to reemphasize as did Kevin and Lisah before that the issue that we're dealing with in the short-term on Wipes is one of competitive promotional spend, but not related to pricing. Okay. So let me unpack this a little bit. First of all, did we execute our plan on pricing? Yes, we did. About 50% of the portfolio mix of U.S. and international pass-through in line with expectations on all of the businesses. So, that's all good news and consistent with what we said in the past. Second, is it working? Yes, it is working with one exception. That is not inconsistent with what we said in the past, we have talked about Glad and the emerging concerned the competitors did not follow in the last quarter and what we certainly see now is that they still haven't followed, but they also now started to spend back. So that's one issue that we're dealing with, but other than that it's working. First of all, because of the gross margin expansion that you've seen them that have given us the fuel to invest in growth for the company, it's working because two-third of the categories where we took pricing up in share, it's working because the categories where we took pricing, post pricing are tending higher. So, we are seeing stronger category growth, which means more money in the pockets for retailers and it's also working because price elasticities even though early post, the price increases, but the data that we have the vast majority of brands are stable or in some cases, even better than pre-pricing. So that checks off all the boxes that we've talked about in the past and it tells you that the Clorox Company knows how to take pricing. Are we experiencing the bumpiness that with anticipated to you in the last few quarters where we've talked about pricing? Yes, we're seeing that. We're seeing that in particular on Glad and as Lisah and Kevin have said, we are addressing the wide price gaps there aggressively. But other than that it's working, pricing still cost justified our analytics are showing that we can predict what's happening in the marketplace and beyond Glad, we're very confident at the success behind pricing and also confident that these price increases will be sustained in the marketplace.
Benno Dorer: Hi Jason. Yes, thanks for the question on tax rate. As you saw our expectations this year 20% - 21%, I would say, driven by two items beyond the obvious benefit of tax reform. We've seen a much higher level of stock option exercise activity and you might recall, a number of years ago there is accounting change that provides excess tax benefits associated with stock option activity. So, that is certainly impacting our results this year. We've also had a couple of settlements with some state and federal authorities and these tend to take years to resolve in the hard to predict, but we've had a couple of settlements that impacted our rate this year. So while we're enjoying a lower rate this year. As you think about next year, I would encourage you think about a more normalized tax rate for us, if you think about a statutory federal rate of 21%, state rate of about 3%. I expect mid 20s ongoing. And so I've enjoyed the benefit this year. I don't expect to see either level of stock option exercise activity or the tax settlements that we had this year. And I think that will generate about 300 basis point increase in the rate next year, year-over-year.
Benno Dorer: Yes, Jason, a lot to unpack. First of all, innovation on track overall feeling good about innovation both to longer-term platforms, you've mentioned one of them Scentiva – also clean pause and the PPT platforms, really good Scentiva the particular comment I would make is that what's great about – Scentiva is that it brings in new consumers into the franchise 70% of the purchases from new consumers. So that tells you that we're continuing to feel good about the ability to attract new users with innovation. The more recent innovation from this back half, while early all feeling really encouraged whether that's Glad with its LeakGuard technology, which builds of the technology platform, with more than 40 patents and is off to a nice start Hidden Valley Ranch dips with three flavors essentially doubles. The access that we have on this brand to usage this occasions and feeling good about how that's doing out of the gates. We talked about Kingsport the premium filtering bottle is doing great. Consumers are spending $15 billion on bottled water every year and the majority in home. So we feel good about the ability to attract consumers in home, but also out of home with this bottle especially because single use plastic continues to be under attack. We talked about Burt's Bees lot of innovation in lip and face, including new Lip Balm flavors new face masks, towelettes and sensitive skin care relaunch which we've supported with TV and has led to really strong growth in the Face Care arena. And then Scentiva wet mopping costs of course as an entrance in the sizable convenient screen platforms. So across-the-board feeling good overall certainly early but indications are all positive. I would perhaps separate that from the distribution comment that you made. First of all, I would remind everybody that again tracked channels only account for a portion of the business and that the business performance is much stronger non-tracked channels. But as you unpack distribution, we're seeing some very some gains in some businesses like Brita and Cleaning and Cat Litter and we did see some losses in other businesses. And I would however perhaps tie those two the things that we're working with. First of all bumpiness post pricing, if you listen to our comments in the last few quarters, we have said that bumpiness post pricing can mean that retailers could react with lower distribution temporarily, that's something that we used to and something we've anticipated to you and something we know how to work through over time. And we're also in the speed of driving growth, that's profitable, sustainable and responsible and we call this good growth. We're not afraid to accept distribution losses unless strategic parts of the portfolio, give you a few examples. And in Glad we've lost some distribution on trash behind the discontinuation of our quick tie business, which is lower tier trash, lower margin in order to continue to facilitate the trade up into the more profitable premium skews. In food, what you have seen as a temporary discontinuation of skews, which will be replaced with innovation and make space for future growth. So this is not uncommon. We're remaining comfortable with where we are and if I look at our track record of building distribution overtime, I feel good. We do it the right way behind innovation. We do it because we are the leading investors in our category. We do it behind customer capabilities, we are confident and we do it with SKUs, which overall tend to have a higher productivity on shelf than those of our competitors and retailers know this. So feeling good about where we are in-store and again would perhaps not high what you're seeing on distribution through innovation. We feel good about innovation portfolio.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Let’s Kevin comment on stock repurchase would want to make it clear that we did not comment on that. We never do. We also certainly didn't comment or make comments that you talked about Wendy and your ingoing remarks on Glad Bags. What gives me confidence and I want to be clear, there is absolutely nothing in here that points to a structural change. The thing that gives me confidence is that we've been here before and we know how to manage this. If you look back at the Glad business and I personally been involved in it Glad business for 16 years, what you're seeing is when resin falls and it's certainly come in lighter, over the last few months promotional dollars flow into the category. So that's what's happened. And what we've always done successfully is to defend against that and we have commented that that's what we're doing now. What we've also seen is that competition has not followed through a price increase. Again, that's something that we have seen before and we know how to manage that. So this is tactical. This is a phenomenon like one that we have seen in the past and one that we know how to manage. And that's all there is. And then Kevin can perhaps comment on repurchases.
Benno Dorer: Andrea, if you are good about Nutranext integration remains on track, which certainly has been our year one focus. Now we are in year two and integration, I would say is that a good part behind us feeling good about where the businesses, which includes topline growth. Our focus is, first of all on expanding distribution and we're seeing that across Food, Drug, Mass and Club making really good progress. Our focus also is on starting to bring in innovation, we're launching on NeoCell one of our strategic brands, collagen protein peptides that is a fast growing category that combines two trends collagen and protein and innovation that we feel bullish about. And then third, as you'd expect from us, we're also managing the portfolio differentially we've acquired seven brands, about 80% of those brands, we consider to be strategic. And we're investing heavily into the growth of this business and then about 20% is non-strategic and we manage that as a fuel business just like we do with other parts of our portfolio, outside Nutranext and that in turn generates profit for the strategic businesses. So, Nutranext had a strong Q3. We like the business, we like where it's going. And we like how our team managed it and we're certainly committed to invest in the business and also not afraid to increase investments in the business. Should we feel like that's necessary. And we can certainly update you on our 20 plans in the next quarter. As we have commented in the past you know Nutranext and RenewLife are separate businesses as far as some of the issues that hold RenewLife back temporarily now. So, we feel good about Nutranext and remain bullish on the growth that we're seeing on that business.
Benno Dorer: Yes, again, first of all, just to have a differentiated point of view on distribution were growing distribution in some categories and we're not growing in some other categories. I like where you were going on dollar sales as a point of distribution that of course has a lot to do with two things. First of all, pricing is working as we have commented. Second, simplification in the category, which sometimes means less distribution and our SKUs too, is a good strategy because in many categories shelves are over skewed in there too many brands that shelf and you know that doesn't necessarily help the consumer find what they want. As they spend a limited time in front of the shelves. What we do find is that thoughtfully managing distribution unless strategic SKUs enough comment on that before on this call, is a good idea and I use Glad Trash as an example. We're eliminating very low margin, lower priced SKUs that don't add value to the category and don't add value to our brand is smart if it helps consumers trade into the right SKUs, which tend to be more profitable, which tend to be a higher price and which tend to grow the category for retailers. So that's something that we do. That's something that we'd backup analytics both pre and post and something that we worked with our retailers on an ongoing basis. So at the end of the day, while I'd always in an ideal world like to gain distribution on all of our businesses, all the time, sometimes as it relates to bumpiness post pricing and as it relates to managing distribution thoughtfully and non-strategic businesses, it does lead to lower distribution on some of the businesses. But again, in the long run, I feel good about where we stand, but feel good about the growth plans that we have with retailers and I feel good about our ability to continue our strong track record to grow distribution on businesses over time.
Benno Dorer: Yes, Ali. So thank you for the question. First of all, I don't want to compare our company to others. I feel like that's perhaps something that you guys can do better. I'd certainly ask if you see as much pricing from your competitors and as much positive gross margin impact from your competitors, so that as we compare Clorox's performance to other companies, we take everything into consideration, but just to reiterate that we feel good about where we are on pricing. We talked about bumpiness. And we're seeing that in particular on Glad. As I also said before on Wipes, heightened competitive promotional activity is not tied to pricing. So we feel like pricing does exactly what we said it would do, it helps build gross margin, it helps us build market share in the majority of the categories where we took it. It helps grow the categories in the vast majority of categories where we took it. And there is one issue that we're dealing with on Glad and that's an issue that we've dealt with in the past because clearly, resin costs today are different than where they were at the time when we took pricing and that's what usually happens that you see widen price gaps and you'll see more promotional activity. And then what you'll see us do is react and then you will see those activities subside and you see sales and market share performance stabilized and grow over time because our equity building efforts take hold again. I want to make sure I remind everybody that on Glad the increased trade spend that we put in place starts to take effect in Q4, not in Q3 and that we're certainly also looking at ways to continue that in further quarters. So again there is really, no news here on pricing. The bumpiness in Glad is one that we had expected, one that has accelerated as resin costs have subsided and one that we know how to manage.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So we still have our portfolio. Ali thanks for the questions. There is nothing changed there and we still have the Glad business, it's driven a lot of value for our shareholders over the last 16 years for sure and we are confident that we'll continue to drive a lot of value in that we have a strategy that continues to work behind a lot of patent and intellectual property protected innovations that are yet to come on this business. So I would say to your question, would I rather spend the dollars here or elsewhere. There's not an either or question, we're spending the dollars on Nutranext, on Burt's Bees. As Kevin has commented earlier, we are increasing our investments in Burt's Bees, certainly willing to lean into Nutranext, also willing more than we perhaps have two, three years ago to lean into profitable growth areas in international where we're seeing nice success not only through pricing, but also on our brand building efforts whether that's in Burt's Bees Asia, or whether that's on Cat Litter, other parts of the portfolio or international where we have seen really nice volume growth in China. We've seen a nice volume growth in Europe in Q3, Mexico, Canada all solid and robust markets and we have commented that we are interested in investing more in that part of the business. Our priority certainly continues to be to invest in profitable growth and the long-term brand health of our businesses, our priority continues to be to spend in activities that are driving brand equities behind innovation and the superior value of our brands. But we also not afraid to defend the businesses where we have to and certainly, big businesses like Glad Trash and Clorox Disinfecting Wipes out two businesses where we're not going to let our competitors steal share from us in ways that are not productive for categories and brands in the long-term. So this is not a question of either or spending on Glad or elsewhere, but the answer here is always and.
Benno Dorer: Yes, it's still the same number for this fiscal year and higher in the U.S. remember, and also higher in the back half. So it's still the right number for this fiscal year, early.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So, first of all, impossible. How long this is going to last, because it certainly will depend on input costs to a certain extent, which is the reason why we're sitting here in the first. So it's like looking into a crystal ball, but I would say as a base case, typically what we have seen in the past on Glad, but also Wipes, this is not a new phenomenon Wipes, this is something that we have seen in the past before. It takes a few quarters. And I would assume that that's a good assumption. In this case two and I would also assume if I were you that we are planning for that always remaining agile should the situation changed. But our assumption is that this is going to take a few quarters. On Glad what we have commented on is that we will we have put trade dollars in place for Q4. But that we're looking at further actions beyond Q4 and we'll update you in August on our thinking for fiscal year 2020.
Benno Dorer: Thanks for allowing us to clarify their thesis that was not clear, so the distinction we may between strategic and non-strategic was within Nutranext, 80% of the business strategic 20% non-strategic. We have commented on only part of the portfolio being strategic in the past. Now we're giving you more of a quantification 80%, 20% and, as you'd expect over time portfolio management and also more aggressive portfolio management is part of what we do across all of our company and we'll be a stronger part of our year-to-management of this business, where we largely moving on from integration, but it's no change. And it certainly doesn't affect lifestyle more broadly, obviously lifestyle is a business where if you just look at Burt's Bees as examples several of the businesses are located that we view as strategic growth businesses for the company.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. I need a really quick answer. The thing that surprised us was cold and flu, cold and flu. Normally it doesn't have that much of an impact as long as you're staying year-on-year within a certain threshold, but particularly mild a year compared to a very severe last year. It did impact our business more strongly than we had anticipated. And we've commented on that. And then I would say Bags and Wraps, it has elevated over time as we think about, um, the, the competitive merchandising activity as we went all through the quarter. And that's something that we are prepared to spend against. So it's really those two. Everything else, execution against the strategy, on track innovation, marketing spend, ecommerce seeing very strong growth with the biggest ECOM customer pricing executed well, cost savings, strong momentum on international neutral, Exxon on track. So all the things that give us confidence in the strategy. We have executed well feeling good about strong results across many parts of the portfolio and we commented on many of those during this call. So that it's really a cold and flu for the quarter and we've reflected it in the sales outlook and Bags and Wraps, which we have to address, that it. 
Benno Dorer: And thank you everyone. I look forward to speaking with you again in August when we share with you our fiscal year 2019 results. Thank you and have a good day.
Kevin Jacobsen: Good morning, Lauren. This is Kevin, and let me start talking about margin in Lifestyle. What I'd say overall is we continue to feel very good about Nutranext. I think as I've mentioned in the past, we fully expect it to be margin accretive to the company. If you look at our specific results in Q3, I'd highlight a few items in the Lifestyle segment. The first is, and I think you're aware of this, we have the ongoing headwinds from tariffs that are impacting our Brita business unit and that's having a drag on overall profitability. In addition to that I would say two other items, we are leaning into Burt’s advertising, our commitment was as we're taking pricing to recover costs, we would invest that back into the business, and we've done that. And one of the areas we focused on in the third quarter was Burt’s behind our relaunch that Lisa mentioned. So we feel really good about the money we're putting behind the Burt's equity. And then lastly, we've got some integration expenses for Nutranext that continue, and that’s been going on for about 12 months now, and so we continue to integrate that business. But overall, regarding Nutranext, I feel very good about the ongoing profitability of that business.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes, no real change there. It's pretty consistent to what I mentioned last quarter, we were up about $48 million year-over-year at the end of Q3, $46 million was Nutranext, so the base business was essentially flat year-over-year and that was my commitment. Last quarter, we’d worked down the higher inventory as we launched our innovation. We had pre-built some innovation. And as I also mentioned, if you think about Nutranext, it's a relatively small business we've acquired, it was not particularly efficient when we bought it. Their days on hand probably operate in the 120 to 130 days. Clorox generally operates in the 50 to 60 days inventory on hand. So, there are some good work and some good opportunity for us to go through there and make that business more efficient. It will not be our first priority. We're focused on innovation. We're focused on extending distribution, but we will improve the overall turns of that business, but the other comment I'd say is I never expected to be consistent with other parts of our portfolio. They tend to be very high turn items. I think the VMS space in general will be a little bit higher in inventory levels and days on hand because of the complexity, but certainly expect it to be lower than where it is right now.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hi Steve. This is Kevin. And I'll take the question. As I'm sure, you’re going to appreciate, we don't provide quarterly outlook. I’ll speak to the full-year, but with nine months in the books, I assume you can back into this. We've updated our topline outlook. I would say there is no change in Nutranext and no change in the impact of FX, they're essentially equal and offsetting, and that leaves our base business growth rate about 2% to 3%. I think what that really highlight is as Benno mentioned, we did see the slowdown in Q3 specifically associated with cold and flu, that's transitory. I don't worry too much about that issue going forward. But the challenge we have particularly in our Bags and Wraps business with the widened price gaps that's something we'll see not only in Q3, but will continue into Q4 as we work to address the price gap. So I would expect a portion of what we're seeing this quarter to carry forward next quarter, but I don't expect the impact of cold and flu to carry forward into the quarter, but will certainly impact the full-year.
Kevin Jacobsen: Thanks, Joe. Let me start with this fiscal year. I know you got a few questions here. As it relates to this fiscal year, if I think about flat for the year, we were down about 50 bps in the first half of the year, which would require us to be up about 50 bps in the back half of the year. In Q3, we saw we’re up about 60, so pretty much in line with what I expected. As I think about Q4, I think it's mostly playing out as we expected, although the one changes and you mentioned it, I do expect to see heightened trade spending would have a little bit of a negative effect on gross margin. So I still feel comfortable about flat is right, but importantly it will reflect three quarters in a row of margin expansion. And as we've talked about, that's incredibly important to us as we've taken pricing to get back to growing gross margins, it's allowing us to increase investments in the brands, which is how we create long-term value. So that model is working well for us and we are very much on track this year to do that. In regard to fiscal year 2020. As you may know, we do not have a gross margin goal, we have EBIT margin goals of 25 to 50 bps and while I won't provide an outlook yet for 2020, we're in the process right now of finalizing our plans next year, but we remain committed to expanding EBIT margin 25 to 50 bps over time, but we'll get back to you in August and give you more details about fiscal year 2020.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes, I would say we've executed a tremendous amount of price internationally and in fact we haven't talked about it a lot, but if you look at our total pricing benefit of about 240 bps this quarter about two thirds of the pricing benefit we're generating from our international division, and they have done an excellent job executing pricing and it's resulting in improving profitability. If you've seen our results, I believe over the first three quarters of the year, we've grown profit about 12% internationally. And importantly, we've returned to international gross margin expansion as well. So the pricing work internationally has been excellent and is delivering increased value very similar to the U.S. Every year, we will look at the markets and decide it was to appropriate take pricing based on inflation. We price towards the medium-term cost environment and so while we've executed quite a bit of pricing this year not prepared to discuss our pricing plans for fiscal year 2020 at this point.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure Wendy. In regard to repurchases and maybe just to reconnect to our program. I think many you folks know we have authorization for up to $2 billion share repurchase program, the Board approved back in May. To date, I've execute about 9% that program returned about $178 million to shareholders. And then specifically this year, if I think about total cash returns through the first nine months, we've returned about $675 million to shareholders. That’s split pretty equally between dividends and share repurchases. And that's up about 75% versus the prior year, over the first nine months, really driven by both a significant dividend increase, we took last May of 14% plus we've stepped up share repurchases, both for open market and dilution management. And then specific to Q3, we've returned about $200 million to shareholders about two-thirds of that is the dividend about a third share repurchases. We repurchased about $73 million and I sign that all dilution management. As I look forward, I won't comment on our actions going forward, but I will reaffirm that we have a very disciplined approach to how we'll execute the program. There is no time limit on it and by design, it is not an ASR that gives us plenty of flexibility, but I am certainly committed to updating folks every quarter on our progress. But certainly won't share going forward in terms of the express criteria.
