Benno Dorer: Thank you, Steve and hello everyone. It’s great to be joining you on my first call as Clorox’s CEO given the strong second quarter we just completed. This quarter’s performance follows a very solid Q1 and it also speaks to the commitment to the 2020 strategy and our focus on continuity with the leadership transition. That continuity of purpose is evidenced in our continued emphasis on category and overall market share improvement, profitably driving growth and stronger top-line performance and creating shareholder value. Now clearly as we head into the second half, we are facing a number of challenges, including continuous softness in several categories, worsening foreign exchange headwinds, and slowing economies in many international markets. I believe we are taking the right steps to support our brands with increased investments, while driving margin improvement to grow profitably in this difficult environment. And as I discussed with you on last quarter’s call, the refining opportunity for Clorox is accelerating profitable growth. And looking ahead we are leaning into four key elements of our 2020 strategy that I believe drive the greatest value. These areas of emphasis which we are calling strategy accelerators will drive decisions around where we will invest more heavily. Again with intend to drive profitable growth. And I would like to take a few minutes to introduce these to you today. And at an Analyst Meeting we plan on hosting later this year, we will delve more deeply into how we are activating them. The first area of emphasis is accelerating portfolio momentum. In other words, leveraging tailwinds to generate more growth from our portfolio and investing more heavily against those brands and categories that have a stronger right to grow. The second is accelerating 3D technology transformation, which aims to address increasing consumer fragmentation, the shift in how today’s consumers shop and buy their products, and how we must engage with them to win the battle for the physical and virtual shopping carts. The third area of emphasis is accelerating innovation. Now this isn’t just about product innovation, it’s about innovation in sales and marketing as well as product supply. Really anything that has to do with our demand creation model built around the three Ds of desire, decide and delight. Innovation in all these areas drives category growth, and we are committed to driving more of that. Finally we want to accelerate our growth culture while at the same time maintaining our tradition of operational excellence. We want to dial-up our strong Clorox culture to have an even more deeply ingrained growth mindset. I strongly believe these four areas of emphasis are what we need to drive growth, while doing so profitably. And I look forward to sharing more about them with you overtime. Now with that let’s open it up to your questions.
Benno Dorer: I think what you’re referring is the 7% price increase on bleach which is domestic liquid bleach. We have a profitable growth focus as you know and really these costs are fully justified. We’re seeing cost inflation in several areas whether that’s transportation, logistics, corrugates, wages benefits and these are costs that not just Clorox sees but these are costs that are visible and occurring to our competitors in private label as well. I would like to remind you that we’re pricing to a long-term cost advantage and not to a peak and again these are fully cost justified. We do have a strong track-record in pricing so over the last 10 years 95% of our pricing increases has stuck they are based on the analytics as well. And we’re in the process talking to our retailers as we speak, so based on that strong track-record and the cost justification, we are confident that this price increase will be successful. At the same time, we’ll always monitor what will happen in the marketplace, what will happen with competition and we’re certainly also willing to spend back if needed to defend the business.
Benno Dorer: Yes, Chris. I think what this will be about is really identifying the businesses that have the strongest tailwinds and ensuring that we have the right investments behind them. And I think the growth of Burt’s Bees in the last quarter is perhaps a good example of what this will look like. We have for the first time launched a TV advertising campaign because we realized that the awareness behind the brand really has a lot of upside on the base business even though the brand has been around for 20 years and that’s been leading to really nice results on the base business. We are leading into the investments behind innovations more strongly and we’ve really seen how lip but also face innovation has yielded really nice results last quarter. And finally we’re working with retailers to make sure we have the right in-store support out there, so really it is helping us understand where those tailwinds are, investing in those tailwinds behind the portfolio like Burt’s Bees and like certain areas in Homecare and like food enhancers and using that to drive growth but growth the right way.
Benno Dorer: Well, if you look at our largest market internationally Chris Latin America we actually are experiencing a slowdown in categories which even effects some of our strong growth markets like Peru and Chile and other markets of course like Argentina and Canada have been more stable for awhile, so I would say the general trend that we’re watching very carefully and International is a slowdown economically in our categories. Now our market share in International is growing and as you’ve seen an 11% sales increase in local dollars is nothing to sneeze at, but that’s a headwind that we’re watching very carefully.
Benno Dorer: Yes, in the U.S. what we’re seeing is certainly in the second quarter we’ve seen a slight uptick. Our categories grew a little over 1% and that’s up 0.5 a point from previous quarter, so that’s good. And if you think about what’s happening here in the U.S., you see indications of an increasing consumer confidence the University of Michigan just issued their consumer sentiment index its highest since 2004. I believe there is hope that there perhaps will be higher consumer spends due to lower oil prices. So those are good things at the same time household formation is still lower than it historically has been. The jobs that are created still pay less than the jobs that were lost during the recession and there still is this bifurcation in society where the bottom half isn’t really doing well. So there is puts and takes I would say we’re cautiously optimistic. Our expectation right now still are based on flat to low single-digit category growth and for us we focus on what we can control and that’s investing in innovation we have a strong innovation plan also going out in Q3 of this fiscal year that we're investing behind and we talked to you in the past about increasing our demand spend by one point of net sales. Overtime that’s called for by our strategy and we’re certainly leaning into that focus on delivering better value than competitors and private label. So we feel like we're doing what we can do to drive category growth but I would like to let this play out in the marketplace for a quarter or two it's really too early to call it a positive trend.
Benno Dorer: Yes so competition in particular homecare Olivia has always been pretty strong and those types of deals that you described they are really nothing new, they occur relatively frequently and that’s part of why we're saying that investing more in demand spending is the right thing to do. I will say though that for us the biggest category that we're competing with them in is wipes perhaps and if you look at the share results on wipes we're really up strongly in wipes and we feel like for us the right thing to do is focus on consumer fundamentals focus on demand spending that drives our brand equities on strong innovation and certainly in wipes we have a very strong innovation program and focusing on pointing out to the consumer that we're delivering superior value. That’s really working in the marketplace that’s what we'll be focused on and that’s not to say that we won't respond appropriately if we feel like there is very strong trade promotion going on in the category we will defend our market shares. But I think we've always said that our focus is on earning market share and not buying market share and on wipes in particular that’s playing out quite nicely at this point. So I would say the competitive dynamics in homecare are strong as they always have been. But I wouldn’t call them elevated at this point.
Benno Dorer: I would say the biggest thing on Glad Olivia is that we have certainly leaned into the price increase and merchandizing has been very strong last quarter. But also our innovation on Glad is really working well and in fact in Q3 we're backing this up with an innovation that we feel very strong about and that is in partnership with P&G we're launching Glad with a gain sense, the gain sense is one that has played well as a scent endorsement across various categories and we feel like this is another opportunity for us to support our strategy of differentiating our trash bags and encouraging trade-up by delivering something that’s unique and very hard for our competitors to replicate. So in a nutshell really strong merchandizing but in particular very strong consumer expectance in this premium trash segments behind our innovations and as a result you've also seen our market share in this premium trash segment up quite nicely.
Benno Dorer: Yes the first thing I'd say is keep in mind that the public share data doesn’t capture the entire universe. We feel good about in the inventories that are out there there's nothing unusual in here. The two areas we're certainly watching is one is in Professional Products where we did see that Ebola concerns had some impact on that business that may lead to destocking in Q3 that'd be my expectation and then wipes certainly wipes have been up very strongly in that track channels. We don’t think that Ebola had a big impact as the concerns faded away really quickly but the flu season certainly has been and is very strong, so we need to wait and see to understand whether that flows through to consumer consumption but other than that nothing particular inventories are where they need to be.
Benno Dorer: Yes so on category first I mean as you know if I take step back we're very focused on driving the core business right. If you look at the three businesses that you referenced Ali that grew last quarter two of them really have been growing strongly for a long time and we've always pointed out those two businesses Professional and Burt's Bees as growth areas and like I said we're leaning into investments and those investments are showing good returns. Glad I mean I probably wouldn't expect the growth rates that we've seen in the last quarter on Glad on a consistent basis going forward. But if I really look at underlying growth drivers that's innovation, the businesses where we had strong innovation they have grown. And as you know we're very focused on growing our business behind innovation and like I said we have a very strong innovation program out there also for the fiscal year back half. So we're growing, we're growing the right way and importantly if you look across the segments we're growing in all segments. So I feel good about how much we're focused on the core and which businesses are growing and I certainly would expect homecare also going forward to contribute more as Steve said we have just now a few days ago cycled through distribution loss with a major club customers, so that's the wipes growth that we're seeing in tracked channels hopefully will be visible also in shipments as we compare them versus year ago. On International I think what we said in International is that what we do want to do is grow more profitably. We're expecting a 5% to 7% in sales growth but we want to turnaround our margins. International has a role in Clorox, we're executing the fundamentals well but I will also remind everybody that we're not trying to transform the Company into more of a global player, it's 20% of our portfolio and if I project on forward to 2020, I don't expect that number to be significantly higher. Certainly as you think about the challenges that we're seeing from an inflation point of view and FX I think what it will mean is that we will be more focused than ever on the activities on the margin enhancement side whether that's pricing, whether that is margin accretive innovation, applying the strong cost savings focus that we have in the U.S. and International or this goes back to the accelerator that I mentioned moving the portfolio towards more profitable categories that really I think will become more of a focus going forward. How can we move our portfolio towards the categories that are more profitable and less perhaps volatile Burt's Bees is a good example and then certainly countries that are more economically stable and attractive like Peru and like Columbia, in and frankly also outside of Latin America. So International has a role but we will be very mindful to make sure that we grow but grow profitably.
Benno Dorer: Ali I am happy to allay your fears. Cost savings in the gross margin you are probably looking at the Web attachments we had about 130 basis points of cost savings in gross margin keep in mind cost savings hits every line of the P&L, a good chunk of the cost savings this quarter came through our SG&A expenses. So in total for the quarter we had 27 million in cost savings and I would say we're certainly on-track to get 150 bps of EBIT margin expansion from the cost savings programs this year and continue to feel good about the pipeline going forward. So cost savings program is performing quite well for us.
Benno Dorer: The Professional Products business in terms of volume growth, no, the business was up double-digit in both volume and sales.
Benno Dorer: I wouldn't overstate the slowdown in Professional. I mean the business was up double-digits in the second quarter obviously some of that maybe inventory that will get worked off in the third quarter but on balance we still think Professional Products would be in this 10% to 15% growth. I think as you look to the second half of the fiscal year here is how we're looking at it. The full year outlook for the Company is for sales growth of about 1%. Now on a currency adjusted basis it's probably in the range of 3% to 4%. Certainly in the first half of this fiscal we were at the higher end of that we came in at about 4% currency neutral sales growth. As we look to the second half I think we feel very good that we're on-track to have good positive volume growth, we're much on-track to have sales growth that's solid from an organic standpoint. I think the big wildcard that we're all watching pretty carefully is what happens with foreign currencies and again the outlook is 2% to 3% there but we could be at the mid or upper-end of that range kind of based on where the spot rates are today. But absent that I think the organic plans that we have are performing quite well for the Company.
Benno Dorer: Yes so, look I mean we expect that business to do better in the second half and we’ve also said that on the share fronts we expect that to start growing again by perhaps middle of this year. The key will be for that innovation to take hold with consumer and the key will be to get better merchandizing plans with retailers and to be honest also support that innovation with the filter innovation with the right tools to get the price differential that we have compared to private labeled into the right place. So do expect a better half don’t expect that business to grow strongly for the rest of the fiscal year but certainly better than in the first half of the fiscal.
Benno Dorer: The large majority is in pitchers and filters Wendy, on-the-go is a nice and growing business but it’s relative small.
Benno Dorer: I think let me go ahead and take that I think we feel pretty good about the margins of Lifestyle what’s true is over the last couple of years we’ve made some investments and we have made investments in Burt’s Bees and systems and processes so for a period of time that depressed the margins for Burt’s Bees and Lifestyle segment we kind of cycled through that. We’re also investing more to drive growth in that segment particularly on the Burt’s Bees business. So the margins are fundamentally healthy I think we believe we’ve got good opportunities to expand them overtime. But because they are such healthy margins leaning into the growth side of that Bees business certainly seems to right us and that’s what you are saying.
Benno Dorer: It’s going to vary quarter-by-quarter we just turned on national advertising recently which is actually performing early days but it looks like it’s performing quite well for us Burt’s Bees business was up strong double-digits in the second quarter so it has very health gross margins. So if we have an opportunity to invest a bit more in consumer demand building investment in advertising to drive the top-line that’s a good investment and something we’ll do. I think again over the long-term we feel like both gross margins and EBIT margins are just fine for all the businesses and segment and Burt’s Bees.
Benno Dorer: Overall Connie we feel good about the portfolio and at the end of the day we’re applying the same capabilities across the entire portfolio whether that’s capabilities with the consumer or capabilities with customer or capabilities within the supply, and the synergies are pretty real, strong cash flow as Steve talked about, SG&A is comparatively low and ROIC is very strong. So I am very comfortable with the portfolio that we have, that isn’t to say that we will always look with the Board on an annual basis at whether there is opportunities and whether we are still the highest value owner or not? And it’s quite possible that we might be looking at some of the smaller businesses. But in general very comfortable with the portfolio and don’t feel the need to do anything different. We want to grow bigger rather than smaller. And I think what we said is that we are interested in bolt on acquisitions to the tune of $25 million to $100 million in areas that are growth areas for us, and that are margin accretive on strategy, fit with our capabilities and that ideally are U.S. centric. So we are looking in whether that is health and wellness, or natural personal care or food enhancers and see if we can add, and that’s really the mindset that we are in, while we will always be focused on growing the core business first. We think that there is places that we can play, that we are not playing in yet. And that’s really our priority.
Benno Dorer: Bill, as you think about the accelerators, they have really spotlights on our strategy 2020. So I think it’s very consistent with what we said during the leadership transition that, we are not expecting the strategies to change, but what we are focused on is a doubling down on choices that is strategy 2020 are called for. So I expect that the financial algorithm that we are after with strategy 2020 will be the same. Advertising sales promotion which I think is what you referenced Bill the idea of investing another point in our brands that will remain the same. So these are really ways for us to fully accomplish our 2020 strategy financial objectives, as opposed to a departure from them.
Benno Dorer: We haven’t decided yet, that’s early. But I don’t see why our compensation metrics would be wrong even in this context. Again these are just ways for us to emphasize aspects of the strategy that we have really started to put in place about 16 months ago. So they are not a radical departure. So I don’t expect that but we will always revisit that overtime also with the Board.
Benno Dorer: Yes, digital right now is a little over 30% of our overall advertising sales promotion spend. That is as we understand the leading level in our industry and it’s also up quite significantly over the last few years and again it’s really based on a solid understanding of ROIs and the ROIs that we’re getting in this space are really attractive. So we expect that shift to perhaps continue said that there is always going to be space for TV, TV continues to be a very effective driver of in particular awareness especially around innovations and like I said we feel good about our innovation program for the rest of fiscal year. But for us we call this what we need to be as always on we need to be where the consumer is no matter where she is in her purchase cycle and digital and social media is particularly suitable to help us accomplish that. So digital plays a very strong role and I expect that to keep going.
Benno Dorer: And Lauren, adding to Steve’s point a significant portion of trade promotion also is going against innovations really to make sure that we drive strong merchandizing and trail out of the gate for those.
Benno Dorer: I mean we certainly haven’t see that Lauren and I think the cleaning protocols have been in place and what hospitals have been doing is just apply a cleaning protocols and make sure that they’re prepared for a potential increase in use or around our products to coincide with these cleaning protocols, so do we expect heightened awareness and does it help us? I have a dialogue with hospitals going forward around these and what our products can deliver, we hope so, but we certainly haven’t seen that in Q2 and we’ll have to see how it plays out. But clearly we think that this is a growth category and that’s why we’re investing in it.
Benno Dorer: Yes for me Javier I would really say that the two things I would point to that led to this broad-based growth as Steve said are one innovation and two the increase in demand spend and even on businesses that perhaps benefited from flu that’s based on long-term planning with retailers and we saw just very strong merchandized execution behind long planned events that certainly benefited from somewhat [Audio Gap] but it's really been about innovation and increase in demand spend and there is nothing funky about this growth at all.
Benno Dorer: And to build on Steve's point and I think you mentioned it Steve so we will remain focused on value, value of course is a function of pricing but also investing in our brands and also having innovation out there and delivering superior products all that won't change.
Benno Dorer: Yes thanks everyone. To sum up, I feel very good about the second quarter and what was really a solid first half performance. And I have confidence in our plans for the balance of the year. And I certainly look forward to speaking with you again on our next call in May.
Steve Robb: Yes, it's a good question and the short answer is it's hard to know. A couple of things I would point out obviously oil has moved down pretty significantly over the last 90 days it’s not clear how long it will stay down at these levels. So I think as we start looking at our fiscal '16 planning we'll have to take a hard look at how long will these prices really stay at today's level I think certainly for the next six months or so we expect them to be depressed beyond that I think it remains to be same. A couple of other things I would point out about the resin market the supply demand balance still remains fairly tight here in the U.S. and so resin prices have yet to come down actually in the first half of our fiscal year resin pricing was up. We do anticipate it'll go down in the second half, but that's mainly being driven by lower prices overseas and that's creating some downward pressure here in the U.S. so it's good but I would just temper expectations a bit to say it's not just energy prices it's also the supply demand balance. And then finally as you think of resin which is the largest commodity that we buy, keep in mind that historically in this category when you have seen a large move downward in resin pricing more than half of that has been spent back in the category and that's certainly what we're anticipating. So in short it’s always better to have a tailwind than a headwind, but I think at this point we're cautiously optimistic on how that might play through in fiscal '16.
Steve Robb: So Ali let me take that question. A few thoughts, first of all the price increases are cost justified I mean I would just point out when you look at the total supply chain whether it's a labor inflation, healthcare cost, transportation cost in particular or even all the other raw material set those have all been moving up so we try to price as Benno said to the long-term average cost so I think we feel both the bleach increase as well Glad is a cost justified price increase. Now as it relates to Glad as you know the resin market it actually tends to go up pretty quick and comes down slow it has been the history, but there's been a longstanding issue where if prices start to come down in the spot market for resin sometimes you'll see a step up in merchandising activity. Well that's certainly what we're planning for and it’s certainly baked into the outlook and our expectations but I think we've done a long track-record of managing the ups and downs of resin pricing with the Glad business quite successfully so we have seen this story before we managed during the long-term cost and I think we feel pretty good about the decisions we have taken and if conditions are different than we think we'll manage through it.
Steve Robb: And Wendy as you know we’re really focused on investing where we get the highest ROI and we got very solid analytics to understand where the ROI is best for the Company and investments in the said areas are based on what we know really show very solid ROI we’re investing in the right areas.
Steve Robb: The free cash flow was it’s obviously been very good for the first half of this fiscal year and as I indicated in my opening comments we continue to believe that free cash flow as a percentage of sales should be about 10%. And I think over the long-term we’ve been pretty consistently in both good and bad years in this 10% to 12% free cash flow as a percentage of sales. So, one of the things that we continued to do quite well within the Company is convert sales to cash and be very disciplined in the allocation of that cash and I am personally feeling very good about what we’re doing in that space and have every reason to believe it will continue into the future.
Steve Robb: I think as Benno had indicated I don’t think the competitive landscape is changed that much over the last couple of months. What I would say is it’s higher than it’s been historically so it’s a very intense competitive environment here in the U.S. As companies have taken some of their focus off, somebody’s emerging markets have focused back on the U.S. But I wouldn’t say that broadly it’s more competitive than we saw say three or six months ago. All of that said the one trend that we are watching very carefully is this resin price which again if it starts to move lower which is what we anticipate historically what we have seen is a good percentage of that has been spent back into the category. But absent that and I think the landscape remains as intensely competitive as we talked to you three and six months ago.
Steve Robb: Yes the priorities are completely consistent with what we have been saying for many years now. We will support organic growth as Benno talked about keeping the core healthy. It’s certainly working for us and it’s something we are going to continue to do. We are interested obviously in M&A activity. If we can get businesses with 25 million to 100 million in sales that are margin accretive and have some tailwinds we are interested in that. As we’ve talked in the previous call we feel very good about our debt-to-EBITDA, at the end of first quarter it was about 1.9 it’s elevated as I indicated in the second quarter, but that’s because we prefunded some debt but we certainly have dry powder I think which you should expect going forward is we will obviously keep the dividend healthy but if cash starts build up and we don’t’ have a use for it either for M&A or to support core growth probably in the form of share repurchases at some point will lean back into that to-date we’ve been doing just some modest share buybacks earlier this fiscal year, but we haven’t done much and we’ve been more focused on refunding of the debt to-date.
Steve Robb: Yes, to clarify I think as I indicated in my opening comments, the increase in trades for promotional spending is a full year number. I mean it’s likely we will spend a bit more in the second half but it’s mainly a full year comment. I think what’s important is we’re agnostic on whether it’s trade or advertising, what we’re looking for is the highest returns and what resonates the most with the consumers, so whether that’s advertising, freight promotion or other things. We will be investing more we’re trying to get to this one point at the incremental demand building investment as a percentage of sales overtime and so we’re going to spend more I think is probably the key takeaway, but you will see it fall in different lines of the P&L at different times.
Steve Robb: Javier let me lead off on this I would characterize the growth as broad-based I think we had some very good promotions that were in place that have been planned like cold and flu and leaning into those. But I wouldn’t point to any single thing other than in the Professional space we had strong double-digit growth and some of that is probably hospitals building up inventory out of the concerns for Ebola. I think the U.S. growth was amazingly broad-based and we have talked Professional Products we have talked Glad we have talked Burt’s Bees which was up and mostly the other businesses had a very solid quarter. So I think it was a clean set of numbers and there is not anyone thing I can point to. And even from a retailer standpoint it's again not any specific channel I think it was just across the board it was solid healthy growth for the Company.
Steve Robb: Connie I think what we said the inflationary pressures are obviously pretty real and the increases that we previously mentioned are the kind that tend not to reverse themselves. I think most of the pricing we've taken to-date has really been focused on the International markets where we're dealing with much higher rates of inflation. You'll continue to see us lean into that. On the U.S. side again where it’s cost justified and pricing to a long-term average cost we will continue to take pricing as Benno noted we've got a very long track-record of doing this and balancing it with value. I will say forward looking that one thing that has worked for us that we want to continue is trying to marry up pricing with innovation because I think if you can bring those two things together it translates into good value for the consumer here itself and it tends to do much better. So short answer is we're not afraid to take pricing in the U.S. when it’s cost justified we would like to avoid it when we can and certainly marry it up with innovation. But we feel like the recent price increases we have taken are the right ones for the long-term.
