Donald R. Knauss: Okay. Thanks, Steve, and hello, everyone, on the call. And while I feel good about our results overall for the year, I'm sure we all would've liked to had concluded with stronger sales in the fourth quarter and we'll talk more about that as our plans for the fiscal year '14. But there are many parts of the portfolio that performed well in the fourth quarter, notably our premium brands such as Glad, Hidden Valley and Burt's Bees as certainly as well as our Professional Products business, which had strong double-digit growth again. Now at the same time, our recent top line results were dampened by an increasing intense competitive environment that Steve mentioned, particularly in our Cleaning segment. But I would say we've got strong plans in place to address the heightened competitive environment where it's affecting our business. And while it will take some time to turn those shares around, I'm very enthusiastic about the demand building plans we have, including the innovation we recently launched, and we have teed up for fiscal '14 with another round of innovation coming in January of '14. So as Steve discussed, we're also facing commodity costs and currency headwinds as we enter fiscal '14. We've seen a run-up in resin cost, which impact us across the business. We continue to anticipate meaningful currency declines in Argentina, and the U.S. dollar has certainly strengthened across many geographies so we're closely monitoring both. Looking at the full year, which is our focus, I really do feel good about the accomplishments that Steve just mentioned, but we did deliver that solid sales growth of 3%. We had gross margin expansions of 80 basis points. And we slightly reduced SG&A costs as a percent of sales, resulting in 8% pretax profit growth and economic profit of $426 million, and that was an increase of 6% versus last year. And we said many times that we manage our business on an annual basis, recognizing that we're going to get some variability in quarters. But looking at '14 -- or looking at fiscal '13, for example, we had about 5.5% sales growth in the first half and less than 1% growth in the second half. We're one of those periods now that we encounter on occasion where the going is a little tough and it's going to continue for the next couple of quarters. But I certainly feel confident that the strength of our brands, the heightened investment we're putting behind them in fiscal '14, and the continued innovation you'll see in nearly every part of our business will return stronger results, certainly, by the second half of this year, enabling us to deliver solid results for the entire year. Now just stepping back for a moment from the year, we also take a longer view over the horizon of our strategic plans. Our Centennial Strategy successfully guided us through the most challenging economic period we've all witnessed since World War II. If you look at the 5-year period of Centennial, and this is when it was firmly embedded in our plans, this would be from July 1, 2008 through June 30 of this year. We consistently grew sales and economic profit, delivering a 3% compounded annual growth rate for sales and a 6% compounded annual growth rate for economic profit. I think, as you all know, we also generated strong cash flow that enabled us to significantly increase our annual dividend rate from $1.60 to $2.56, with our recent 11% increase to our dividend in May. That marks the 36th consecutive year we've increased total annual dividends paid to our stockholders. Most importantly, between the share price gains, share repurchases and increase in total annual dividends paid to our stockholders, we delivered total shareholder returns of 88% in that 5-year period compared to an average of 82% for our peer group and about 40% for the S&P 500. So looking ahead to the 2020 strategy, I really do believe we have strong plans that build on our success from Centennial, and we all look forward to reviewing that with you at our Analyst Day here in California on October 3. For those of you who can attend, you'll have an opportunity also to tour our state-of-the-art innovation center. This is the new investment we made over the last year, and you can see how we're really bringing new product ideas and packaging ideas to life. And if you haven't made plans yet to attend, please do so soon. Steve and the IR team can answer any questions you may have about that. And with that, let's go ahead and open it up for questions.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, Ian, this is Don. The actual spending was 9.2% for the U.S. Retail business. It was a little below 9% if you include the PPD, which is our business that is going into -- basically into hospitals. So if you exclude that, where you don't have typical advertising, it was actually at 9.2%. And that compares to 8.8% a year ago, so it was actually up. And if you look at the full year, it was in the high 9s. So I feel pretty good about both the quarter being up and the full year being up. And if you look at the brands where we typically face off with private label, for example, Glad trash, Charcoal and bleach, 2 of those brands in the last 13 weeks have gained pretty significant share. So Glad gained 0.8 share point and Charcoal's gained 0.8 share point. Clearly, we have some challenges on bleach, which we'll be addressing. But I think -- I don't think it's a function of the advertising spend at all because, as I said, both in the quarter and the full year, we're up.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, if you look at, for example -- or let's just take the innovation that's going out the last few months, Bill, if you look at the spray cleaners like the new tubeless technology on spray cleaners, there's been a number of new color additions on the Burt's Bees line; new fragrances on the bleach line; new fragrances on the Glad OdorShield line, the new lavender there; the new hard-sided Brita Bottles and then the Nickelodeon bottles for kids on the Brita On-The-Go bottles. So it's pretty widely spread across every major brand we have. And you'll see another round of innovation as we come into January this year. Bleach, for example, we had 2 new SKUs that just started shipping in June. That would be -- these were on the king sizes, that was a new Splash-less and another fragrance on the king size, so we got incremental shelf space on those. So it's pretty broadly across the full range of the major brands.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. I think it's more about competitive intensity than it is about any particular drama with the consumer. Our categories, when you think about it, are really in this fairly tight band of up 2 or down 2. And when I look at the competitive intensity in the last 13 weeks, you've got a number of multinational brand players who are refocusing on the U.S. market. And we're seeing increased trade spending, which is lowering pricing and taking dollars out of the category. And I think that's -- it's really more of a phenomenon than a competitive intensity that we're seeing rather than it is the consumer shifting their buying habits because if you look at our shares, for example, the last 52 weeks, we've lost less than 1% of our share and private label's gained about 1%, up a couple of tenths. So there's not any real dramatic movements in shares. So I think it's more about the competitive intensity taking dollars out.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, it's interesting on the category. This is the strongest category growth rates we've seen probably in over 20 years on bleach, 8.5% category growth in the last 13 weeks, 7% category growth in the last 52 weeks. There are 2 things we're focused on, Bill, one is merchandising. We've got to get back into a more national cadence on merchandising because of the staggered role we did, which we just completed in March. Recall we started that role in August of '12, we completed it March of '13. We couldn't do national merchandising events with a number of national footprint and customers. We're starting to get back into that. So that's one. Second, we're also going to increase the number of events we have this year, so you'll see at least a 10% increase in merchandising events. The other thing you'll see is more innovation on large sizes, more fragrances, different formats like Splash-less, and we're focused on getting increased shelf space with those new items.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, I would say that recall that -- because I don't want 1 quarter to paint a picture on Wipes, that this has been an extremely successful franchise for the company. I mean, we reached a 60 share last September. And I think we're still -- while we're not happy with the fact that we've lost significant share down into the 50 range in the last 3 months, we think those shares will start to improve in the second half with some innovation. But there was very aggressive pricing in a couple of major retailers. And given the size of the business, it's not a $2 billion or a $1 billion brand. It's a several hundred million dollar brand. You can get movement like that on shares pretty dramatically. So I think it's -- you're going to see from us a couple of things, Joe. One is your going to see more innovation coming in the second half of the year. You're also going to see us drive at least 5 pulse periods on Wipes where last year we had about 3 pulse periods. So we're going to amp up the merchandising. We're going to defend this business just like we've done in the past. And one of the learnings we got after H1N1, we were all concerned, remember 4 years ago, about lapping that spike from H1N1. We're getting back into the same kind of merchandising cadence we did the following year there where we protected that business. So I wouldn't want one quarter of fairly dramatic share erosion, to paint a picture, that this business is in a steady decline because it's not. We got caught and sometimes it's not bad to get punched. It wakes you up, and we're wide awake right now.
Donald R. Knauss: No, I don't think it takes 6 months to respond. The response is almost immediate. You'll see response in this quarter starting in July. You'll see response, Ali. It doesn't take 6 months. What does take 6 months is just I'm talking about the cadence on our innovation, which is a July, January cadence. So what I'm speaking of is the merchandising response begins immediately. Those 5 pulse periods I talked about, for example, are spread across the year, including starting this fall. The next wave of innovation is in January. So that's what I'm speaking about.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, let me start on Wipes, first of all, just for some background, regardless of the fourth quarter where we obviously saw the decline, Wipes had a strong year mid-single-digit growth rate in volume. So it was still a really good year on Wipes. But -- and the price gaps versus private label on a day-to-day basis really haven't changed. I mean, we haven't taken pricing on Wipes in over 10 years. So it's not a question really of every day pricing. It's a question of merchandising support, add feature activity and shelf positioning where private label is on the shelf vis-à-vis our power offering. And this is isn't concentrated in a few key customers. So it's not an everyday price issue. It's more of that merchandising phenomenon I talked about and that's why it's so important for us to increase the pulse periods we're going to drive against.
Donald R. Knauss: No structural change that we've seen in the category other than the increase in merchandising supports and changes in packaging graphics and which -- and some changes in shelf positioning items being moved to eye level that may have been on the top or the bottom of the shelf in some retailers. But no other structural change in terms of capacity in the category or a new entrant.
Donald R. Knauss: I don't want to comment on -- yes, I don't really want to get into that for competitive reasons, but I will just say there are different formulations. Our substrate, which we think is superior in Cleaning and that's what the consumer tells us in blind testing, we have a different substrate than what you'd see in private label. We also have different chemistry on the disinfectant formulas. So in terms of cleaning and disinfecting efficacy, we win. We have superior offerings in both those dimensions. So we feel very good about the offering. So again, once we get back into this more aggressive merchandising support, which we will amp it up, and get back to some innovation in January, which will get us more shelf space, we feel like we've got the right plans in place.
Donald R. Knauss: I would say pretty much in line, Olivia, with what we expected. If you want to look at trying to understand the relative impact of volume versus price, it was more impact from volume than it was price. And volume and mix were pretty strong.
Donald R. Knauss: We're not seeing much change in region, although we did see more trade-up to king size in the middle part of the country. But there are a couple of things that are interesting that's going on and I think that are certainly driving the category into these mid-high single digits. One is we're seeing proper dosing now. In fact, we may see some overdosing and that certainly was the phenomenon years ago when laundry detergent first compacted. So people can get the proper dose now. We're also seeing less out of stocks because we've got about 24% more units on the shelf in the category. So less out of stocks is obviously driving the volume as well. And I think third -- the third thing we're seeing is we are seeing a change with the Bleachable Moments campaign of Millennials coming into the category. So we are seeing a mid-high single-digit increase in people under the age of 35 coming into the category. And most of that -- a lot of that is not just for laundry use, it's for disinfecting and cleaning around the house, which leads to higher volume. Typically, Cleaning drives higher usage volume than Laundry does.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, on Clorox 2, Lauren, I think it's a continuing relevance in question. I think we've got a repositioning on that brand more as a stain fighter. We've been focused on that the last few months, we'll continue to drive that. There's some new innovation coming there in January as well. On Toilet Bowl Cleaner, more of a merchandising uptick by competitors than anything else. We saw the same phenomenon on spray cleaners, with some innovation on spray cleaners from some of the multinational competitors and a focus on driving merchandising against that innovation. So both from -- there were several multinationals that came out with spray cleaning innovation and then, obviously, supported that with some heavier merchandising.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, we do think, given that our testing on the product efficacy against most stains is superior to our competition, we haven't done, to your point, Lauren, a very good job of communicating that from a positioning and marketing standpoint. So that's really the focus going forward is, to your point, understanding how to better position the efficacy we have in this product.
Donald R. Knauss: And Jason, I don't want to overplay the competitive response. If you look at the challenges we've had on Wipes and bleach, for example, Wipes in the last quarter, bleach for the last 9 to 12 months, those 2 represent about 12% to 15% of our overall business. So -- and if you throw in the entire Home Care side, including spray cleaners, you're talking about 1/5 of our business. So when you see -- we've seen strong growth on Glad, strong growth on Litter in the recent couple of quarters, Charcoal coming back, Food still strong, Burt's still strong, PPD very strong. So I don't want to overplay the competitive intensity but it is going to be a challenge, certainly, in the first half of the year. And obviously, the comp, we're comping 5.5% growth as well. So -- but I wouldn't want to paint the picture that the competitive intensity is dialing up and hurting 50%, 60%, 70% of our portfolio because it's just not accurate.
Donald R. Knauss: Okay. Well, we appreciate everybody being on the call today. I know there were a lot of competing calls going on, and we look forward to seeing everybody in October out at our Analyst Day when we share the 2020 strategy with everyone. So thanks, and take care.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, well, this is Steve. Category growth assumption hasn't changed from the last time we discussed this on our last call. Basically, we're assuming categories are flat to up about 0.5 point to 1 point so somewhere in that range. We do expect category growth is going to be sluggish. Importantly, we are counting on 3 points of incremental sales growth from innovation and feel very good about that. And again, embedded in the outlook is also about 1 point of foreign exchange headwinds. And again, as you saw in the press release, and as I mentioned, that's something we're also monitoring carefully.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, let me start off and then I think Don and Steve can weigh in. I think going into the quarter, the one thing that we did anticipate and we did communicate was the fact that the weather was particularly bad and that was impacting our Charcoal business. You might recall that we had indicated that April weather wasn't particularly good and that's certainly carried into May. So that was not a surprise to us. And it was for that reason that we actually indicated that our sales outlook of 3% to 4% was likely to be at the low end of the range. Now I think the other thing that we saw in the quarter was that the merchandising and competitive intensity, primarily on the Disinfecting Wipes business, it really ramped up significantly. And if I was to point to one thing that's different, that would be the item. I think importantly, as Steve said in his opening comments, the Charcoal, as the weather has begun to improve, we've really seen that business bounce back nicely. And we're putting plans in place to vigorously defend the shares of our Disinfecting Wipes business and so we feel good that we're taking the right steps there. And while it's going to take a couple of quarters, we're certainly taking actions to defend that business as well. But those are probably the 2 things that I would point you to.
Stephen M. Robb: So starting with pricing in our outlook of 2% to 4%, we do have some pricing built in. Some of it is a carryover of the price increases we took in fiscal '13. And we have some incremental pricing, primarily in the second half. It's been assumed in International markets where you're dealing with very high rates of inflation. So I would say we have a modest level of pricing. And if energy costs remain elevated for an extended period of time, we'll have to go back and take a hard look at that and figure out what's the right level of pricing. But at this point, you'll see less pricing in '14 than '13, but we're monitoring the energy markets and the impact that that's going to have on our feedstocks over time. In terms of the margins in Lifestyle, we're making some incremental investments in our Burt's Bees business in particular. One is to support the growth of the business. That business has been on fire. It's been growing double digits for quite some time. And one of the things that's happened is we've actually outgrown our systems platform that we have in the business and so we are in the process of basically transitioning them from their current systems platform over to the U.S. SAP platform that we have, and we're making some incremental investments to do that. And you're seeing that come through in their profitability. That will continue into the first couple of quarters of this fiscal '14, but it should generate not only better growth over time but also some additional cost savings for us.
Stephen M. Robb: Ali, the 3% growth number that we have been talking about and actually delivering and oftentimes meeting [ph], that is the incremental sales on a year-over-year basis net of cannibalization. So it does not include pricing, either up or down. It's really just the incremental lift that we're getting from the new products, again, net of cannibalization.
Stephen M. Robb: Sure. Our uses of cash remain essentially unchanged. Our #1 priority is to support the organic growth in all the things that we've talked this morning, but also bolt-on acquisitions. If we've got opportunities, particularly in the Professional Products space but even in U.S. consumer packaged goods, if there's attractive businesses that offer good growth and margins, we'll certainly look at that and we've got enough dry powder to be able to do bolt-on acquisitions. So that's probably the highest priority. Second priority has been to support the dividend. We know that's important to a lot of our investors and in the fourth quarter. You saw a fairly nice increase there of 11% on the dividend. And finally, I would say we are going to look at share buybacks over time. We did it, we entered the market as I mentioned in my opening comments, to pick up about 1.5 million shares. We've been out of the market for a while as we focused on paying down debt. I think you'll see us certainly come back into the market to offset stock option dilution and soak up the incremental shares that have been out there for a bit of time. Beyond that, if we start to build up cash and we don't have a need for it, in partnership with the board as we always do, we'll look for ways to get that back to the shareholders, either in share repurchases or dividends over time.
Stephen M. Robb: I would say that 2 to 2.5 is the right long-term number for the company. That doesn't mean it couldn't actually go a little below that over time, if you're building up some dry powder for transactions. If we had a really attractive transaction, again, that met our criteria, we'd be willing to float a little above the 2.5 for a short period of time. But I think if we did that, what you would see is that we would work to get that paid back down. We recognize that interest rates are fairly low right now, obviously, but I think it's also important that we keep the leverage ratios in check for the long term as well.
Stephen M. Robb: We use a mix of sources for that, but we use a co-packer primarily to produce a lot of the volume and have long-term arrangements put in place.
Stephen M. Robb: On the top line. So we picked up about, in the quarter, fourth quarter, we picked about 3 points from pricing and we picked up a little bit from mix, offset, as Steve mentioned in his comments, by about 3 points of volume decline.
Stephen M. Robb: I'm not going to give you a specific number. I would say this. Let me take each one in turn, starting with foreign currency. What we've embedded in the outlook, as you saw from our press release and our comments, was about 1 point of foreign exchange headwinds. I think the risk is if the spot rates stay at today's level, and I would just remind everybody that foreign exchange markets are incredibly volatile so this can change pretty quickly one direction or the other, we will have downward pressure but I think it's premature to speculate as to what that would be. We're 1-month into a fiscal year. We've got a lot of time left. Commodity costs, certainly, we're going to see a little bit more pressure in the first quarter than we may have originally anticipated. We have built into our outlook 1 point of gross margin compression from commodity cost increases. What I would say is that in order for us to see greater than that, you'd have to see oil remain elevated for an extended period of time. And if that was to happen, than it will put more downward pressure on the margins and it's something we're watching carefully, but then we would respond over time by taking pricing to recover it. But beyond that, we need to get further into the year to really see how this is going to affect both sales and earnings, if at all.
Stephen M. Robb: I would say earnings growth is -- earnings are going to be challenged in the first half and earnings could potentially -- actually be down. This is something we're watching closely. And I think what we're going to have to see is what really happens with low foreign exchange, as well as commodity cost and how that, plus competition, plays out in the first half. But I think it's fair to say that earnings growth will be much better in the second half. And at this point, we do have plans in place to get to the outlook range that we've shared. But it will be a much more challenged in the first half than the second half.
Stephen M. Robb: That's certainly one piece of it, but we also think that when you look at sales, we've got strong innovation that Don talked about. We've got the plans that we're putting in place to vigorously defend our shares. That should get traction as we move through the year. And we even have comps that are a bit softer and you're looking at it in the second half year-over-year. So for a lot of reasons, we think certainly the sales growth is going to be much better in the second half than the first half. And the same thing with margins. We're expecting much better margins in the second half than the first half.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, in terms of gross margins, at least we look at commodity costs, we do think that, again, we've got about 1 point of margin compression from higher commodity costs. It's likely based on what we know. It will likely be a bit more in the first half and a bit less in the second half because we -- our outlook is for oil to be in this range of $90 to $100. The other thing I would just point out too is you think of the margins first half, second half and inflation, tremendous challenges at Argentina and Venezuela in the first half. The combination of price controls and inflation is really putting a drag on the gross margin in the first half. We do anticipate that the second half is going to be a bit better and that we are likely to be able to get some pricing through in the second half, and that should again take some of the pressure off the margin as well.
