Dan Heinrich: So we think H1N1 accounted for about two points of growth in the quarter and obviously that came across several business units, including homecare in the U.S., a lot of international volume, particularly in Latin America, as well as our away from home business. 
Dan Heinrich: At this point, no, we are not anticipating any price rollbacks. In fact, right now we are staying with the original plan we had in terms of price increases in the international market, so even though foreign exchange has improved versus our expectations, we are still planning to move forward with the pricing actions that we had planned for the year. 
Dan Heinrich: I think the other thing to keep in mind is if our outlook is correct and we see some increases in commodities in the second half of the year, it’s going to -- we believe it will over time dampen some of these competitive actions that we are seeing because the margin structure just won't support long periods of times with some of the competitive spending that we have seen. So assuming that goes up a bit, we would assume over time that our trade spending will come back to more normal levels. 
Dan Heinrich: Alice, is your question around what is going to happen to margins in the second half or are you trying to -- 
Dan Heinrich: Pricing actually is a small positive for us for the full year, so while it is down a little bit from what we originally expected, price in and of itself will be positive for the year. 
Dan Heinrich: I’m referring to the second half as well. We will have some continuing benefit on pricing in the second half of the year and a lot of that will be in the international markets. We will have higher trade spending levels though in the back half than what we previously projected. But I would not add it up to be three to four points in the second half of the year. 
Dan Heinrich: The ad percentage? We will still be in the 9% to 10% range. We are shifting a little bit of our ad dollars, so the total spending will on the advertising will be about the same. We are shifting a little bit of the spend, however, into trade spending but we will still be solidly in the 9% to 10% range, perhaps not as high in the higher end of the range as we talked about last quarter. 
Dan Heinrich: Well, we have the impact of the H1N1 flu, so we are up quite a bit in the first half on volume and project we will have a strong second quarter as well. Our outlook does assume that there is probably some consumption [trough] in the second half. Consumers are loading up their inventory and they will need to bleed that off so you’ve got that factor impacting first half versus second half. 
Dan Heinrich: Andrew, we will certainly take a look at that. We will -- we anticipate probably in the third quarter we will be at or below our 2.5 to 1 and we will balance our view on how to use that cash based on what the M&A agenda might look like and other needs for the cash but certainly we bought back shares in the past and I think we have a long track record if we don’t need it in the business, we will return it to shareholders. So we will consider that in the second half of the year. No change right now but we will consider that in the second half of the year. 
Dan Heinrich: You know, we are seeing a little bit of an up-tick in the activity. As to quality, it’s still a pretty mixed bag right now. As you know, we are focused really on a couple of key areas that we have talked to you in the past about, natural personal care. So the opportunities there tend to be pretty small. We are also focused on the away-from-home business, the institutional business -- again, some of the opportunities there are relatively small. And then the third area is obviously looking outside the U.S. and that’s always a question of whether you can action any of those ideas but we are seeing a little bit of an up-tick in terms of some properties on the market. 
Dan Heinrich: So charcoal begins in the second quarter and that is a hard pull-down of inventories and replacements, so that will -- it starts in the second quarter and will continue into the third quarter. And then on the litter side, the packaging change that Larry referenced is more of a rolling roll-in of the SKUs starting in the third quarter. 
Dan Heinrich: Yes, for this year, yes. We had a third hard conversion that we had talked about before. That was intended to be a late fiscal year conversion. That likely now will be in fiscal ’11. 
Dan Heinrich: So the Glad business, if you look at the last half of last fiscal year, obviously we saw some pretty nice expansion in margins as commodity costs begin to come down. We are still actually seeing decent margins in the Glad business, although the ramp-up in trade spending and now the softness in the category definitely will squeeze our margins, particularly as we get into the second half of the year. I guess the question on margin is sort of the mid-term and longer ranger perspective of the competitive activity that we are seeing today, how long will that continue. As we are ramping up our trade spending to address some of the competitive activity, how long will that competitive activity sustain itself?  So as we look at the second half of the fiscal year, we’ve already said we are forecasting some increase in resin in the back half of the year and we think that should have a dampening effect on some of this competitive activity, assuming that does occur. So while we are certainly spending to make sure we have the value equation right and to address some of the price gaps, we are not currently anticipating that that is going to -- we are going to have to have that level of spending for an extended period of time. But obviously this is a volatile category, resin can move around. We’ve seen it move incredibly over the last 12 months but based on what we see today, near-term we believe the increase in trade spending is the right thing to do. It will pinch our margins a little bit longer range if our outlook is correct and resin has kind of a slow rise to it. We think that will probably dampen some of the competitive activity. 
Dan Heinrich: Let’s see, if I think about it from a quarter standpoint, I think we had -- you know, my guess is, Chris, the second quarter will be -- will see about the same level of charges that we saw in the first quarter and then it will be down a little bit in Q3 and Q4 of next year and again, we’ll be in that $20 million to $30 million range. 
Larry Peiros: Those are probably the biggies. I would say there were some skirmishes in some parts of different categories. There’s some aggressive pricing or trade spending in cat litter but I would say the two biggies are really laundry and Glad. 
Larry Peiros: We expect the volume will be stronger than the sales line, probably by a point or two would be our best guess. So talking about the sales in the 1% to 2% range and probably volume in the 3% to 4% range would be our best guess at this point. 
Larry Peiros: I would say it definitely is a bit of a battleground. Obviously you’ve got the impact of pricing coming down and people trying to reflect the new pricing on shelf. We do have some assortment tests going on in the marketplace that people are probably reacting to. We are obviously in the best position to survive the onslaught over the long-term, given our share position and the portfolio that we have but I would say we are in a unique situation in which category spending is up, both advertising and trade dollars and yet [inaudible] is going down, and [retail dollars] are going down even more as a result of the price declines. 
Larry Peiros: Your speculation is probably as good as ours. I am sure some of the competition has reacted to some of the assortment tests going on. One would expect that over time, it gets to a more normalized range of activity. 
Larry Peiros: I would not call it pervasive. I would say that we push this button up and down depending on what is going on with respect to our total value equation as well as what is going on in the competitive front. So beyond the Glad category and the laundry category and a few small places, maybe cat litter included, I would not call this movement pervasive.  Overall though our trade spending will go up significantly in the second half of the year, primarily a result of those businesses. 
Larry Peiros: You know, Alice, I think to a great degree if you are looking at our sales equation, as we’ve noted we are going to see favorable currency versus order expectations but to a great degree, that is going to be offset by the higher trade spending that we’ve indicated. We are only one quarter into the fiscal year. It’s difficult to predict with precision exactly what those are going to be but I think directionally, that’s the right way to think about it, a more favorable currency environment offset by higher trade spending. 
Larry Peiros: Let me walk you through the new products that we’ve got going on. We started the launch of the natural detergent stain remover under the Green Works name. That started in July. Obviously it will carry over to the second half. I think we’ve talked about that particular launch not meeting expectations. We also have the new improved force flex bag which has that stay in place feature, which started in August. That’s a base brand improvement, so we will expect some improvement in our base brand growth, but it’s not technically a brand new product.  We have a couple of conversions on our littler line where we are converting from one type of packaging to another packaging that again is our base brand kind of improvements that we expect to add some health to our base brands. We have a fairly major conversion on our charcoal business to an improved product, faster lighting that’s actually a lighter weight charcoal but performed better than the current charcoal. And then on the Burt’s line we have the acne launch which we started in July and then in January 2010 we will be starting with our toothpaste launch. 
Larry Peiros: Private labels are still growing but they are definitely growing at a lower rate than they were previously. Private labels are really a threat for us in three major categories and that would be hyperchloride bleach, the trash bag business, and the charcoal business. I would say that in the Glad business, we are dealing with competitive activity on both the private label and as well as the branded end. Within the laundry category, more specifically in the kind of stain remover aspect of that category, it’s more around branded competition, both new entries as well as the reaction to those new entries by branded competition. 
Larry Peiros: No, we are still seeing elevated shipments. As Dan alluded to, it’s just hard to call this one. It is difficult to call the impact of the virus but what we are assuming is that some of the inventories we are building in both retail customers as well as consumers’ homes may over time cause a bit of a trough once the flu season winds down. That’s our best guess at this point. 
Larry Peiros: Don’t expect to get distribution at Walmart anytime soon I guess would be my bottom line answer. You know, there’s an awful lot of activity going on detergent these days in terms of [inaudible] and pricing, some very -- so this is probably not the best time in the world to be launching a premium priced detergent, given what is going on in the category as well as what is going on with the economy. So obviously our discussion with Walmart is private but that’s not in our expectations at this point. 
Larry Peiros: So let me start with Green Works; on the base cleaning products, we’re at about a 15% to 20% premium, and I would not say that’s an area where we are heavily focusing trade dollars, so we are comfortable with that premium. We still have growth in that segment, so that’s not an area where we are dealing more heavily than we did previously. 
Larry Peiros: I think it is going to go along with the rest of the Burt’s Bees line, so we would look for a pretty similar distribution pattern to what we have in the rest of our Burt’s Bees products. I think there are six items in the line, two are focused on kind of multi-care, two on whitening, and two focused on kids, which is obviously important within natural toothpaste. 
Larry Peiros: Well, it’s high strength bleach. I think what we mean by higher security is that it is more reliability in the supply chain, if you will. Obviously as we look out in the years, looking out into the future, we could see or we would forecast that the cost of transporting chlorine gas around the United States is going to go up. I think it’s a higher risk proposition for railroads, et cetera so as we look at it, when we talk about security, it’s really about continuity of supply and making sure that we can have both capabilities, if you will, retaining still the capability of converting but transitioning over time to where we manufacture high strength bleach. So that’s what it really means. It’s around continuity of supply and making sure we can continue that. 
Larry Peiros: Yes, that’s exactly what it means, is you are buying something and then we dilute it down a little bit further but we are not converting chlorine gas into sodium hyperchloride bleach. 
Larry Peiros: Given the increasing costs in terms of rail transportation of chlorine, given the risks involved and the insurance rates, et cetera, this will probably be a -- about a break-even proposition for us by the time all is said and done. 
Larry Peiros: I’m not exactly sure how to strip put H1N1. I think that we are concerned about some draw-down in H1N1 inventories in consumers homes and in retailers warehouses in the second half as a result of the build-up we are seeing in the first half, so that’s part of our outlook for volume in the second half of the year. 
Larry Peiros: It will be down, Bill, versus the roughly 45% number for Q1. A couple of things come into effect -- we will have anniversaried a good portion of the pricing that we took last year in August. That will no longer be an incremental benefit this year. And then with the higher trade promotion spending that we spoke to as well, some of that will begin to factor into Q2 as well, so as Dan said, we still expect a pretty healthy increase but probably not the level of increase in Q2 nor would you see the absolute gross margin being quite as high as in Q2 as it was in Q1. 
Donald Knauss: I think the only thing I would add to that is we have seen this movie before. I mean, we know how to react in this category and I suppose I would also take a little -- where we take a little bit of heartened response, if you will, is the fact that on an all outlet basis, Glad trash is gaining share. So while the category is really soft, we think the brand is healthy. 
Donald Knauss: And I have to think that these tests that are going on, I mean, they are not going to go on forever so I think somewhere in the next three to six month window, people are going to make a determination what they want to do with this category. 
Donald Knauss: Well Ali, remember coming into this year we had planned for an increase in trade spending, so what we are saying is we are increasing off a base that was already increased. We also had the Glad price rollback that went into place May 1st, which is still bleeding into the marketplace. So we came into the year anticipating a higher level of spend and now based on what we are seeing in laundry and Glad, we are increasing that spend. 
Donald Knauss: I would say that the pricing actions that we are taking, the trade spending reductions or the trade spending approach we are taking, it is still pretty surgical. It’s focused on certain brands and you know, [inaudible] laundry, for example, really the focus is on the Clorox 2 side of the equation. It doesn’t really affect very much the Clorox liquid bleach side of the equation, so it’s pretty surgical, it’s pretty focused on activity that is going on in those categories. Overall we still expect to have a commodity benefit this year, maybe a bit less than what we anticipated a few months ago but we still see a significant commodity benefit for the full year. 
Donald Knauss: But I think you are right though -- when we look at the FDKT data, of course that’s about half of our business. If you look at the 13 weeks ending March of this year, private label grew in our categories 1.8 points. If you look at the last 13 weeks ending in September, they grew 0.9. If you look at the last four to five weeks, the September month, they grew 0.6, so clearly sequentially the impact is going down fairly significantly. 
Donald Knauss: I think the good news about it, if there’s some good news in this, is while the trial, consumer trial is off to a slower start, where we are getting the trial, what we have seen from some retailer data is that our repeat is significantly higher than we anticipated, so we know we’ve got a great product. It’s just getting trial in this pricing environment that is most difficult and that’s what we are -- that’s what tactically we are trying to address now is to get some trial. 
Donald Knauss: Let me start off, Andrew, and then I’ll turn it over to Larry. I think in general it is more the economic situation out there. Let’s take the hard surface cleaning category, those that add up to the core five segments we’ve launched, Green Works and I think Larry noted this, while that category has come down obviously in the growth rates, it is still growing at quite a faster clip than the conventional cleaners and we are still maintaining or gaining slightly in share at about a 45 share level. But I think consumers are looking for more value brands and that category has slowed. But where we take heart is that it is still growing at a faster clip than conventional players, so we feel good about that.  As far as Burt’s Bees go, the encouraging thing there for the last 24 weeks, and this has maintained over the last 12 weeks as well, we are seeing consumption in the high-single digits on Burt’s returning, so it isn’t the double digits we saw before the recession but it is far outpacing the conventional personal care categories, which are flattish. So we feel very good about where Burt’s is competing and we are gaining significant international presence with Burt’s as well, so we feel good about that.  As far as laundry itself goes, as Larry said there is so much pricing activity going on around value brands in that segment, it is a difficult time to be launching a brand with significant absolute price points in the -- on the larger size in the $12 to $14 range, and getting trial for that. But those categories -- or that category, natural in general is still outpacing the conventional cleaning segment.  As far as Brita goes, we are gaining share in Brita. I think a bit of an anomaly in we had some merchandising shifts from the first quarter into the quarter on Brita and that has slowed down some of the shipments but we were lapping double-digit growth in year-ago and we are gaining share and in the second quarter, we are off to a good start on Brita, so that continues to gain momentum. I think that is one of those things where it is not just a sustainability story but the value story is kind of almost overtaking now the sustainability benefits of water filtration. It’s just people don’t want to spend that kind of money to drink bottled water at home. 
Donald Knauss: And one of the things that really appeals about that segment is that the size of that segment is over $150 million just on the natural side, so it’s obviously a white space that we think Burt’s has some real credibility for. 
Donald Knauss: Connie, ideally there is a cost avoidance in the future on the increasing cost structure that we see with chlorine. 
Donald Knauss: I think there is definitely an economic impact. We took the cost of trash bags pretty high as a result of resin costs going up and so I think there may have been a bit of a shelf shock when you just went to the shelf and see how much it costs to buy 40 trash bags. So I think part of it is economic.  We are seeing the competitive activity from the branded competition I would say across the spectrum, so there is a lot of pricing activity, so that our value equation or price value relative to them has gone down versus year ago. We are also seeing some increase in advertising as well as couponing. And then on the private label side, most of this is in the form of just pricing, just more aggressive pricing or more promotion activity by individual retailers. 
Donald Knauss: I would just go back and reiterate what Larry said earlier, Jason -- on volume for the year, we are still seeing 3% to 4% volume growth. We had 1% volume growth in the first quarter, so you could project out from there but we’ve seen fairly strong volume growth in the out three quarters. 
Donald Knauss: And I think you’ve got to take those margin comments on Glad into the context of the entire company, so as we are taking guidance up overall on our margin, we still see healthy margin expansion back to historical levels, though I wouldn’t read too much into what is going on on Glad, which that particular part of our business, that trash part of our business is about 12% to 13% of our revenue. 
Donald Knauss: Jason, as Dan noted in his comments, I believe, the Venezuela impact at this point we are projecting somewhere between a $28 million and $30 million impact. And then there’s a few other relatively smaller expense items that tend to flow through other expense on an annual basis, so again, it’s always been a difficult line to predict but you ought to be thinking around $30 million, plus or take, would be our best projection right now for that line item. 
Donald Knauss: It should be up it the second quarter but we won't see the kind of expansion that we saw in the first quarter. 
Donald Knauss: I think, Bill, that we are trying to -- I’ll put it this way; we’re committed to share growth, as I said. It needs to be profitable share growth. I think given how we had such a solid first quarter, I would say we are being conservative about what we are going to spend but we are going to keep some dry powder available so that we don’t let this brand share erode. 
Donald Knauss: Bill, our outlook still has the $20 million to $30 million range and it’s not impacted by the shift over to high strength bleach. In fact, the -- that shift over shouldn’t have any significant impact on fiscal ’10. 
Donald Knauss: CapEx, we’re still right around our $200 million to $210 million for the year. Over the next three years, there will be a little bit of capital involved with the shift over to high strength bleach but our forecast for CapEx is unchanged relative for the next couple of years, even including that project. 
Donald Knauss: I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. Obviously we feel very good about this quarter and feel very good about the balance of the year, so we will look forward to talking with you on the next quarter. Take care, everyone. 
