Donald Knauss: Thanks, Dan, and thanks, everyone for being on the call today. I think as you've heard from both Larry and Dan, we're keenly focused on maintaining the health of our brands and in this pretty tough environment out there. On average, our categories are soft, and we're disappointed not to have delivered stronger Q1 results. But we're staying in the course. And as we highlighted in May where we've initially put out our outlook, we knew that first half of fiscal 2011 would be a challenge for the year given the impact of the Venezuela devaluation, and then the first-half comparison to the usually high year of those sales of disinfecting products related to the H1N1 pandemic as we've discussed. And also, the anticipated very slow economic recovery. And I think it's clear that all of those factors played out in the first quarter. In analyzing the growth trends of our categories, it's clear that the economy is and will continue for some time, to be a substantial drag on category growth. We do believe though that as the economy recovers, we'll see that better category growth. In the meantime, we're aggressively managing competitive price gaps. We're continuing to invest in the health of our brands with stronger consumer communication, innovation as Larry and Dan highlighted, and support for our new products with a focus on bringing value to the consumer. Our focus on brand building activities is obviously paying off because we do see those higher market shares, probably the best share positions we've seen our brands have in the last several years. So we've managed our business for the long term. Our leadership and business model have proven agility and flexibility for this and I think any kind of environment out there. Looking at the full fiscal year, I believe we're doing the right things to ensure we're in a strong position to continue winning in the marketplace and to strengthen our categories as the economy eventually returns to health. So with that, let me ask the operator to open it up for your questions.
Donald Knauss: This is Don. I think the only thing I have to add is, in general, as Larry said, we're seeing this category is fairly flattish to down slightly. I suppose the good news is on the Home Care side of this, which is the original of five SKUs we launched a few years ago. The all-purpose cleaners in the category now, the all-purpose cleaner category which is the major part of that Home Care segment, for us is running at a 104 index, so we're starting to see some life back in that category. And as Larry said, our pricing now is getting close to a 5% to 10% premium. So we think that bodes well as the general economy improves.
Donald Knauss: No. It doesn't affect volume at all, Wendy. As Larry said, it's the case of backing out that expense from the invoice. Of course, it comes out of our gross margin hit as well.
Donald Knauss: It's going to be a customer by customer decision. They have to look at the efficiency of taking loads and handling logistics themselves versus what our cost of delivery is. I would say, we think we're awfully efficient on the logistics side and being able to deliver these loads. So different customers would have to look at it, and decide whether it would be advantageous. I think the fact that this program has been out there for a long time, and a lot of our customers have not adopted it, I would suggest that they probably view our shipping cost as pretty efficient.
Donald Knauss: We do see an opportunity given there are two significant customers in the grocery side of retail in Australia. We did lose some distribution and one, we do see some pickup in the other. So we're obviously trying to balance off the losses in one with the trends in the other. We are seeing some positive results there but I think it's going to take up a couple of quarters to work through that.
Donald Knauss: Don, the only thing that I would add is as you look at our FDKT shares, which has always been more challenging for us because a lot of our business has shifted into the more value-oriented segments. In the last 13 weeks, and this is data ending September, we've seen Glad trash bags share increase 1.5 share of up to 34.3, so it's probably one of the strongest share periods we've seen on the business and the shipments are up as we said, in mid-single digits so we feel pretty good about where the brand sits.
Donald Knauss: Obviously, we're within our range of 2x to 2.5x. We'll look at whether we might want to do further share repurchases we're in about the $12 million to $13 million. I think it will depend on what the M&A outlook is for us whether we may want to use some of our free cash flow for acquisitions. Certainly we'll not build cash on the balance sheet, so we don't need it for M&A or other aspects of the business, we'll return it. And this year that would likely to be in the form of share repurchases.
Donald Knauss: Ali, I think if the price gap management was a real issue, I don't we'd see that kind of share gains that we're seeing. So I feel good about the health of the brands. I think the other thing is we can't get lost in the averages on this category decline. I mean, we have categories that are growing in mid-single digits. I mean if you look at the Natural Personal Care category, it's now on the trend of growing about 7%. So we feel good. That's kind of the canary in the mine for us and in terms of that was discretionary thing we have. On the other hand, we have had up until the most recent four-week period, real softness in the Trash Bag category, where there are probably free substitutes for people as they want to use those free substitutes. Now we're starting to see some vitality come back there, particularly in our business with an innovation like with Breeze. So I wouldn't get lost in the averages, I think we just take it category by category. But certainly from a price gap standpoint, we feel pretty good because of the share gains we're seeing.
Donald Knauss: I think again, it's a category-by-category issue. And I think we're certainly -- I think we believe that we're through the worst of it as we get through this quarter and we head into calendar year FY '11. I think a lot of it depends on the pace of innovation, that CPG puts out there. And I think you obviously are seeing that ramp up. We feel very good about the pipeline we've got starting in January. So I think with increased innovation, I think from most manufacturers and the fact that we do believe that the economy is getting better, and not worse, I think we'll start to see it pickup and we don't have the suppression of the H1N1 overlap, we don't have the supression of the Venezuelan overlap, we've got more positive innovation coming, so when you factor all those things in, we clearly think the second half will see more robust top line.
Donald Knauss: I'll take the trade question, and Larry can address the dry Walter account. On trade, as we said, we're expecting to get trade in the first half of the year with some moderation in the second half. So that continues to be our outlook. I think we're spending as planned in the first half, so we've not increased over the levels that we have planned for. And right now, while there might be a little bit of tune up for trade in the back half, we would still expect it to come down a bit. I'd like to think we've seen the peak in this. Obviously, it's going to be based on what our competitors do in the individual categories. And we'll obviously, manage our price gaps over appropriately and spent appropriately. But at least from an outlook standpoint, we would say we'd see the peak of it, in your words, probably in the first half with some modest declines in the second half.
Donald Knauss: Well, we have to see how it plays out. Part of our thesis in the back half of the year is that rising in commodity costs, including resin, which is start to mitigate some of the competitive activity that we've seen. And certainly, that would apply to the Trash bag category and that branded competitor. So part of what we build for second half is assuming that we see some moderation in some of the competitive activity due to squeezed margins.
Donald Knauss: I think I feel very positive about what's going on with our largest customer. I think their approach now is back to a very much a win-win philosophy. They know they can't make their numbers without us manufacturers driving, and we can't make our numbers without them as well, as is true with all of our customers. I think just the change in philosophy or going back to the roots of win-win, between manufacturer and retailer is a big help. I also think that they're focused on driving virtually every category to growth, not just selecting categories and classifying them as win categories. I think they're really now looking at categories across the range and saying we've got to win with consumers, period. Just like, I think the manufacturing community feels. So I think all in all, it certainly bodes well for the future.
Donald Knauss: And Chris, the only thing that I would add is, I think on this category growth issue, as I was saying to Ali, I think you got to disaggregate this as we're trying to do. And I do think there's a couple of trends going. One is, if there are free substitutes available, as in trash, you're going to see more of a disproportionate hit on that category, unless you've got significant innovation, like we have for Breeze. And I think that's why our Trash business is up mid-single-digits, and gaining share. I think the other thing is if the category has been hit by an extraordinary overlap, you're going to see it as well. The bleach category is significantly down in the first quarter because of the overlap on H1N1 last year. That's a big part of it. So if there's a free substitute available, or there's an extraordinary overlap going on with a material event like the H1N1 pandemic, I think you're seeing that accelerated decline. I think on both those fronts, we're going to work through that fairly well as we get into the first quarter, or the first quarter of the calendar year in '11.
Donald Knauss: There's clearly an impact, Bill, from that. As Dan said, and Larry I think also, as we get into the second half of the year, we see some moderation in trade spending. I think clearly, that will help because obviously, as you know, there are dollars being sucked out these categories as the discounting those off. And I think everybody is trade spending, most of the manufacturers trade spending over the last six to 12 months has been up in the 10% to 20% range. So I think that does -- it'll start to mitigate. But clearly, those dollars are being taken out of the category. If you look at private label trends in our categories, they're fairly flat if not declining. If you look at the last 52 weeks on private label in the track channels, they're down 1%. If you look at the last four weeks, they're down almost 2.5%, so those declines are accelerating. So any opening price-point focused that retailers are putting on their own brands. And clearly, what the manufactures are spending is sucking some dollars out of the categories. But we do see that opening starting to mitigate as we get into Q1.
Donald Knauss: You can call it whatever you like. But I think the other thing is, as we said, just focus on 60/40 blind wins, where we've gotten almost half of our product portfolio with that kind of blind win, given that we still believe the most effective way to reach consumers is word-of-mouth, that is, I think that's had a material impact on our ability to gain share in this environment. So we're not going to take our focus off products' priority. But to Larry's point, the pipeline is pretty robust and we think we've got some ideas in there that could be, under your definition, game changers.
Donald Knauss: Let me start and I'll turn it to Larry. I think it really depends on the category dynamics, Joe, what category we're seeing and what the share trends look like in that category. Because as we said, we're going to at least maintain, if not continue to grow share in our category. So I think it depends on what the competition's doing, what we see as share trends in that category.
Donald Knauss: I think the other thing, Connie, to keep in mind is, now with the devaluations and everything we've gone through in that business, it's about 1% of our revenue.
Donald Knauss: Yes. I think some of that ramp up implies to the fact that the innovation pipelines are ramping up. So people are going to support new product entries and I think a lot of that is what's going. We're probably see more robust innovation pipelines for most of the branded guys over the -- you're going to see it, certainly you've seen it already. But I think you'll see even more of it as we get into the back half of the first half of the calendar year.
Donald Knauss: On Charcoal, I think more on the issue is a more a wide spread across a number of retailers, particularly in the Home Improvement channel as well. So there is significant merchandising behind Memorial Day and then 4th of July. And so I think that was driven across a number of several channels and a number of different retailers, it wasn't concentrated in any one retailer.
Donald Knauss: When we were at the conference, we had projected some trough. I think the trough was certainly more than we thought it would be.
Donald Knauss: When we look back on our budget, when we put our budget together, in fact, put our initial outlook out in May of five months ago, we're not materially off what we put into the budget. We thought we had some better momentum coming in, but we're within $20 million of revenue and where we put the budget. So it's not I suppose, a material change from what we've already put in.
Donald Knauss: I think on the original outlook on category was flattish to up one, and we're saying now flattish to down one. So it's not a massive swing, but it's certainly a big enough swing that's going to influence that topline outlook for us, as we've talked about.
Donald Knauss: M&A continues to the have the same priority that we've had for it. We'll focus on a couple of key areas there. We're looking at today and likely to be more bolt on type acquisitions than anything else. So as I said before, we'll generate some good free cash flow this year. If we don't needed it to build the business or for M&A, then certainly we'd look at using our cash to return it to shareholders. So it just depends on how the M&A agenda plays out over the next couple of quarters.
Donald Knauss: Thank you. Well, we appreciate everybody's time today and we look forward to giving you a further update on the business in early February through this second quarter. So thanks, everyone.
Lawrence Peiros: So I'd say, overall that pricing has definitely taken hold on both the detergent brand, as well as the Cleaning brands. I would say that we still have an adjustment in our distribution across the lines. And overall, we're seeing some declines that are basically in line with the Natural category. So we're seeing some declines in Natural category. We remain the number one share in the number one share position, but we're declining pretty much along with the category.
Lawrence Peiros: I don't have the exact numbers, but I would suspect there's been some loss and some secondary SKUs, not the major SKUs. I think as we look at the kind of the core SKUs and the impact of the price change, we're seeing some strength, which gives us some confidence that going forward, we can rather discern so to speak. So I think I continue to believe in the core proposition of Green Works. And I think as the economy turns, this is one category that will probably turn disproportionately to the positive.
Lawrence Peiros: We got this detailed when the tables in the press release, but if you look at that, you can see that the biggest drag on the sales volume was the foreign exchange from Venezuela, which was just over 2 points. We had some positive impact from FX in other countries, and it was about 0.8 point, and then the incremental pickup allowance was a negative 0.3 points. So Venezuela remains the biggest drag. It was offset a bit by the foreign exchange pickup in other countries.
Lawrence Peiros: So as we say look, at track channels in the quarter, track channels were down 1%. Unfortunately, all outlet perspective, we only have a 52-week basis. That was minus 2% for the past year, past 52 weeks. If you look within the Q1 results in track channels, you do see some acceleration or the end of the quarter. So the last month of the quarter in track channels was actually down 2%. And the biggest change in terms of category direction was in Home Care, which declined a lot more in the last month of the quarter than it did in the first two months of the quarter.
Lawrence Peiros: Unfortunately, we don't have any real viewpoint on the quarter, on the current quarter as yet. We don't even have October category information in this yet. Based on the slide that we saw in September, and what we're seeing in our first quarter of shipments, we do believe the category softness is continuing. Part of that, maybe driven by the H1N1 dynamic that went on the year-ago period and a couple of our categories.
Lawrence Peiros: I can't be that accurate. This is total speculation on my part and we're only a month into the quarter. So I'm guessing we'll see that similar trend to what we saw in the past year in the all of the database, which would be the minus 2%.
Lawrence Peiros: So it really doesn't change any of the dynamics with respect to kind of the trends in the business. We've had a customer pick a program for many, many years, actually 20% to 30% of our volume was in customer pickup before the expansion of this program. So this is just a matter of where the logistics costs occur in the P&L, and whether it's delivered by the customer, or delivered by us, really no material change in the relationship or the trends of the business.
Lawrence Peiros: So I think this is really a situation is really an issue with retailer consolidation and their focus on private label and some distribution losses. So I expect as we kind of go through the snake of having that in our base, we'll see better trends. But I don't know that, that will materially change over the long term.
Lawrence Peiros: If you look at overall on our categories internationally, they are growing. A little bit slower than they have in the past, but those categories are still growing. And even in Australia, with the weakness in the Food Bag business here, we still expect that on an ongoing basis, we'll still grow low-single digits.
Lawrence Peiros: So if you look at the prices on shelf, actually our price increase hasn't been reflected very much, you'll see a little bit of an increase in the last month of the quarter, but our prices are actually down in the quarter versus year ago because of previous price decreases that we took. So it's starting to show up now. Our business remains healthy, quite frankly a lot of our growth is probably behind this for Breeze OdorShield launch, which has exceeded our expectations. And so, finally are we ever overcoming any pricing issues but we're selling the premium part of our line versus the bags trash part of our line. So we're feeling very good about the business. We're seeing no signs of fall off because of our pricing as I've said in my script, private labels generally have followed, not completely, but generally have followed. So the only odd one out this point is the other major competitor.
Lawrence Peiros: We pretty much have left the private label exit, and we do expect some more positive trends in the second half because of some other things that we're lapping but the private label actually is essentially out of our numbers at this point.
Lawrence Peiros: I'll just build on that. The surprise really came in September, October and obviously we're working aggressively to analyze what's going. We don't have a full view of the category consumption data, but we're seeing quite a bit of softness. Some of it is obviously related to the H1N1 base period. But it appears to be driven by an overall, dismal economy driving lower category growth or category decline.
Lawrence Peiros: So we look at pricing pretty intensely both relative to competition, there obviously is some potential pricing relationship between our pricing and the category health. But where we choked the most is the growth of private label and lower-priced brands, and as I think you know, private label has eventually flattened out, in fact they're declining it a bit in track channels for us. And all that pricing is the key cause of the price issues. But we look at our price gaps pretty aggressively. We're managing it business by business because it does vary by business. And as you know, we have some businesses that are incredibly healthy with very large price gaps like Hidden Valley, and we have some that are not as healthy like Cat Litter where the price are an issue.
Lawrence Peiros: Actually we don't think the deal is closed just yet. I think it closes in November, December. So we haven't seen any change in behavior, but the comp will be your hope.
Lawrence Peiros: So I think the other part of your question was the impact of the customer pickup program that Wal-Mart, and maybe the things that are happening at Wal-Mart. The customer pickup program is essentially a savings opportunity for Wal-Mart. They think they can be more efficient with their logistics network if they pickup all their product revenue than having us sell some of their needs. The transition has gone extremely well. So if anything, this is a big positive for us in terms of the relationship. But it doesn't have really an impact on merchandising activity or category management or the like. I will say that we are more encouraged by what I would term, a change in attitude, a change in strategy at Wal-Mart these days. Our business that Wal-Mart has picked up in the first quarter. We're optimistic, we're optimistic of our Wal-Mart results going forward. I'll let Don speak as we he recently had a top-to-top with Wal-Mart, and you can talk to some of the change in attitude more directly.
Lawrence Peiros: It doesn't quite cut away. It's exactly why it's logical. Obviously, we're doing incredibly well building in Hidden Valley, with great products, great new flavors, et cetera. We did have a bit of adjustment in Q1 because we have a very strong Q4. But I suppose that's been on fire, so to speak for a number of quarters, even through the recession. One could argue that people are eating more often at home and therefore, that's helped build addressing category and addressing category has generally been a healthier category in our portfolio. But obviously, because we've driven share gains, we've driven disproportionate growth on Hidden Valley versus the category. Trash is a category that we do think has been impacted by the economy. I think Donald reviewed this earlier, where people have alternatives, free alternatives, free trash bags, or simply use less trash bags than they did before if they're pressed for dollars. Cat Litter is a category that's generally been healthier in our portfolio. Where we're seeing some slowdown, again, probably driven by the economy and then people can let their cats out the door, they don't want to fill their cat box with cat litter. So I think it varies the category, I wish it was as simple as saying it's the premium products or the non-premium products. It really depends on some of the consumer dynamics, some positions of our brands within those categories. I hope that helps a little bit.
Lawrence Peiros: We've been very consistent in our innovation program for five years running now. We target two to three points of incremental sales from innovation that include both face brands, improvements like the Kingsford Charcoal improvement, as well as brand-new products like the Green Works. And we very consistently have delivered two to three points of incremental sales growth each and every year. I would say there's probably been a bit of a switch toward more brand improvement. In recent years, brand improvement and single hits versus what we use to term game changers. But generally speaking, innovation is still helping us to drive growth even in an attempted economic environment.
Lawrence Peiros: Purely to assess with this, a real change in behavior in the last two months. But clearly, promotional spending has increased over the last several years in our categories and across the grocery store.
Lawrence Peiros: I think we have swung the pendulum a little bit more towards on base brand improvements and switching my terms singles versus triples in home runs. But we've had an incredible amount of success with that particularly the improvements that have come with the cost impairment like what we've done on Charcoal. So we're still gray about what we've done both from a top line standpoint and maybe even more importantly, from a bottom-line standpoint. We continue to have a pretty interesting pipeline, and we do have some pretty big hits, what you might term game changers, in the pipeline. So don't be totally surprised if you see some more of that.
Lawrence Peiros: There's a number of items in there. There's a little bit of restructuring, trade has been there, the FX has been there. Probably one of the bigger items in areas is native mix, a little bit of business mix and then product mix.
Lawrence Peiros: Yes, some of our businesses in Q1 that we saw after '10 via our higher margin businesses, they get a little bit of business mix. But also have some product mix issues, particularly as the consumers increasingly go to the value channel.
Lawrence Peiros: I'd build on that.I mean our key metric in terms of building our brand is really this year, right? As long as we're building share, we feel pretty good. And obviously we don't build share everywhere, but in there we're building share. We hung with the kind of the 90% advertising rate for quite a long time. That seemed to be about appropriate in terms of the total portfolio, but it's highly variable by business unit. In some businesses we spend nearly twice as much, and in some we spend half as much. So truly kind of business dependent. But I think the key metric for us is if we're growing share, we're spending sufficiently in advertising. I we're not may want to invest further.
Lawrence Peiros: Certainly. We're not public with the second half new products as yet. As we said, we do have more products in the second half than we have in the first half. And the first half launches with the ForceFlex, Burt's Bees, and some of the new items for Burt's and the restaging of the moisturizing body lotions. We also have a Hidden Valley sell-a-kit that's currently in one major retailer that will be expanded in the second half. And without being very specific on second half launches, I would say we have several new items in the Home Care lineup. We have new flavors on Hidden Valley Ranch, and our K C Masterpiece barbecue sauce, we have some upgrades on the Brita line. We have at least one line extension on our Cat Litter business, and some other new items on the Burt's line.
Lawrence Peiros: Actually, in the quarter, we saw a little bit less of a shift towards valued channels, but I would say we've seen a fairly dramatic shift for over the long term side. I expect the shift to value channels and therefore, category growth and value channels to continue.
Lawrence Peiros: So the slice for this is hardest to predict is probably in Wipes. We do have a strong story to our retailers and they believe in it, that if the flu season is intense, you're going to need lots of Wipes. We had a very strong sell in July, very good, August, and we fell off a bit in September, which I think in part was an inventory adjustment. So I think that's the one we are you see some just ups and downs based on people trying to predict the strength of the flu season and trying to predict that there's going to be an H2N2, or some other event that's going to cause incremental demand in the Wipes category. Other than that, I think we're seeing the normal ebbs and flows that we always see.
Lawrence Peiros: As a company, our focus has never been on extreme discounting, so buy one, get one frees and half-offs has never been part of our trade promotion strategy. So what you see from us is more a focus on either everyday value, or a new DLP retailer, or more frequent promoting at lesser discounts, or tie-ins with other kinds of marketing activity in-store, are more of our focus.
Lawrence Peiros: So let me give you some specifics about Hidden Valley and I don't know quite in the context of response to your question. But obviously in come backs of the entire portfolio it's not a huge impact. But we did see it, a very significant dramatic increase in Hidden Valley behind one of these extreme price reductions at one of our largest retailers or our hidden Valley Ranch. It did grow the business considerably behind that promotion. What was hard for us to decipher was how much of that was true incremental shipments, and how much of that was either loading the consumer pantry, or loading the retailer's inventory. So that kind of played out over the course of quite frankly, JAS. And I would have to say we saw not only in July and August, but we even saw a bit of what we would call a trough in September in Hidden Valley as a result of that promotion. And as I said, Hidden Valley, look at the Hidden Valley consumption overall, it's very strong, continue to be strong in the first quarter. So this is more of an inventory adjustment, maybe a piece of it being consumer pantry, a piece of it being retailer, inventory adjustment versus any kind of health issue on Hidden Valley. And so to respond to your question by saying is that a big deal in Hidden Valley. We would say the brand continues to be very healthy. But there was some inventory adjustment that did have an impact in Q1.
Lawrence Peiros: Because there, in our Charcoal business, we've seen some incredibly strong growth in the Home Depot, home hardware kinds of channels. And that played out in spades in Q4, and we saw double-digit, mid-teen kind of growth on our Charcoal business, which is obviously a very big business in a very big quarter to see that kind of growth on and we have similar kind of inventory probably adjustment going on that weekend Q1 results.
Lawrence Peiros: I don't think that we've extrapolated into the entire year is going to be as weak as what we've seen very recently. On the other hand, I think we have to take actual results for what's occurred in Q1 into account when we look at the full year. I think as we said earlier, this is not all that dramatically different than what our original outlook was when you take into account they we're losing almost a point in terms of the expanded customer pickup programs. So it's basically about a point difference, maybe a little bit over a point. And it's simply attributable to the actual results we've seen and some category weakness that we're projecting.
Daniel Heinrich: This is Dan. In terms of the full year outlook that we previously had out there, this was not factored in, we were still in discussions on this particular change. Now that we have reached alignment with the customer, we've baked it into our full-year outlook. And the pattern, we had two business that shifted to the program in the first quarter, and then the rest of our businesses will shift over in Q2 and Q3 and ultimately will be fully on this program with this customer by Q4.
Daniel Heinrich: I think another factor to keep in mind Andrew, is that in terms of resin, we are seeing reinflation in the resin market. There was a 5% price stand per pound increase. So it was put into the market and it did stick. There's another one announced for $0.04, unclear whether that one is going to stick. So the inflation in resin is certainly there, and I think that could lead to changes in how certain competitors are pricing.
Daniel Heinrich: And anything else we had from a programming standpoint, Andrew, with partnerships on food containers, it's done by end of Q2. So once we get through next month, we're basically free and clear of any of these overlaps.
Daniel Heinrich: We continue to look at another, a number of opportunities. I wouldn't say there is anything for size that would be considered imminent, but we do continue to look.
Daniel Heinrich: Let me start, and then Larry and Don can jump in. Just to refresh everybody's memory, our outlook for the full year was 2% to 4%, but we had indicated that we are very likely to be at the low-end of that range. So calling it in 3% to 4% is probably not the right way to look at it. I think you need to look at it as around 2%. We obviously have the customer pickup, incremental impact, which for the full year, will be about 70 basis points. Again, that program was not negotiated when we provided our earlier outlook. It's now embedded in our numbers. I would say the primary thing that's adjusted, that's taken us flat to would be category growth. In our previous outlook, we had expected to be flat to slightly up on categories for the full year. And just given what we're seeing, particularly late in Q1 and early in October, with the more negative trends that we're seeing in category growth, were reflecting those in our outlook. I would say that's the primary change, obviously we've factored in the CPU allowance impact but the primary change is just the softness that we're seeing in the categories late in Q1, into Q2.
Daniel Heinrich: Embedded in our working capital is the terms change in our Auto business. So we had changed our Auto terms, to go to more extended terms in that category. So the build you see in receivables was really related to that change. Now with the sale in that business, that impact in working capital goes away.
Daniel Heinrich: And for an outlook standpoint, our spend in advertising on a percent of sales is about equal fiscal '11 to fiscal '10.
Daniel Heinrich: It's A little choppy on how it flows through. There's probably roughly $4 million to $5 million with that spend in the first quarter. It will start ramping up, particularly on the IT project spending will ramp up in Q2 and Q3. On the facilities side, on the Pleasanton campus, more of that spend will be in the back half of the year, less of it in the front half. There will be a little bit of spillover into our next fiscal year, primarily in the first half where we started going live with our IT conversions on a days basis. So as we start to phase the burn rate, will go down, plus we'll move into the new campus facility in the first half of next fiscal year. So you'll see a little bit more elevated spend in the early part of fiscal '12 but that runs up pretty quickly.
Daniel Heinrich: Yes. There's two components there. Obviously, we've talked about the impact from the currency devaluation. On base results, Venezuela is a challenging operating environment. The government essentially seized control of the currency market, and they're metering out the amount of U.S. dollars that they allow anybody to convert bolivars into. So we, from an operating posture, had to get pretty selective in terms of which SKUs we'll continue to produce and sell. So we have to look the prioritization of those SKUs, and also any SKU that has a big U.S. dollar commodity input component, we're having to scale those back. So certainly, there is further declines in volume and sales in Venezuela related to this restriction. Now we're still profitable in Venezuela, which I think is the key issue. And I think the team is doing a nice job of managing through what's really an impossible situation. But business will continue to be soft over the balance of this year. I guess the other silver lining is that, we still have leading shares in this market. Historically, it has been a very good market for us. The brands are strong but we're having to make some pretty difficult operating choices given the restriction of the U.S. dollars.
Daniel Heinrich: Well, obviously there's a lot of confusion, so let's see if we can get this right so people can understand it. On September, our forecast for the Auto business roughly order magnitude for the full year was in the $0.55 to $0.58 range, that was sort of the out that we had for the Auto business. That includes the direct cause associated with business. It does not include the indirect costs, the stranded costs that remain. So that's your starting point for the full-year. As you point out, there is seasonality in this business. There is a big spring and summer business here and therefore, you see a pretty significant seasonality in terms of a profit and sales progression of this business. If you start with the $0.55 to $0.58, what we currently estimate that the net earnings of this business from July 1 through the anticipated date of sale. You think for the full year, that represents about $0.16. So that's a benefit that will accrue to us. We're also providing the buyers some services as they transition into their structure, and we think the benefit of that revenue that we'll receive is another $0.04 on the full-year. then we plan to use the net proceeds of the sale to buy back shares. Now, you've seen the progression of what we're projecting for the buyback was about 2/3 of those shares to happen in second quarter with the balance happening in Q3. The benefit of those share repurchases given that pattern, we estimate will be, call it, $0.17 worth of shared benefit in the fiscal year outlook. So when you net all of that together, that comes to roughly the $0.20 dilution that we're projecting for the sale of the Auto business. That's how the math flows in the year and how it flows in the outlook.
Daniel Heinrich: Well, certainly we're going to be very focused on that. I guess the good news is with the revenue from the transition services that gives us some runway to get those costs out. So we're going to provide certain level of services for up to 18 months to the buyer and we're working on plans now to get some of that stranded cost out over that period of time. now while we're providing the services, we still need -- the cost to support that will still be there. But certainly, we have 12 to 18 months to work on getting that level of stranded cost out.
Daniel Heinrich: So if you're looking for the full year, again, cost savings $90 million to $100 million, probably at the high-end of that range. Pricing will be a net benefit for us for the year. We have our international businesses pricing to offset some of the inflation and currency impact that they've seen. We just announced obviously the Glad price increase. There's a little bit of negative on the price adjustment we took recently in the Litter business, that an overall basis, pricing will be positive for us. We continue to believe that commodity costs will remain in this $50 million to $60 million range. We think it's in that trading zone. Logistics and Manufacturing, be a little bit of a drag for us for the full year, but it's not a huge amount. We do have a little bit of negative mix in there, again, both a little bit of business mix, as well as channel mix. Restructuring for the full year on COGS is about flat, and we actually, for the full year, expect some modest benefit from trade spending and we still have a little bit of negative from foreign exchange in the back half of the year. So if you net all of the factors and there's a lot of them moving around, but if you net all those factors, we're still in the 25 to 50 basis points. And the way I like to think about it is whether there's lots of moving parts in here, basically, you've got about $100 million worth of cost savings, you've got about 50 to 60 at commodities, and then you throw in a little bit of pricing, was able to create an agro for us we believe will allow us to increase margins about 25 to 50 basis points.
Daniel Heinrich: I would say things are not more negative today than what we thought at the beginning of the year. For us, we keep a close eye on oil and resin, chlor-alkali, things like that. Those commodities have been generally trading within the ranges that we'd anticipated for the year. And as we look out over the next couple of quarters, we're anticipating that those commodities will remain in those trading ranges, which is why we're saying with a 50 to 60.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: Can you give us a sense of -- first off, what's kind of a big surprise on a growth prospective so, in the year you had obviously said 2% to 4% sounds great, it's now yielded to, that's embedding a little bit of an improvement caught 1 to 2 points of FX. So you're really taking it down maybe 3 to 4 points, I'm just trying to figure out what was the surprise -- of course, you have this Wal-Mart, 1 point take away issue customer takeaway issue, can you kind of start talking about that back in May? I just want to get a sense of what it exactly was the bigger surprise I guess.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: I got the tax stuff right there. And what we're seeing across all the CPG at our view, is a very acute price-sensitivity among consumers. so maybe a pricing did come in, but yes, the seeding was a lot worse, is that something you're seeing? Is that something you're going to do some more work on? And I asked that in terms of, now back to your category, they got it even more broadly.
Ali Dibadj - Bernstein Research: You mentioned Glad, you mentioned Trash broadly as being a place where its been tough. It's there anything you can comment on in terms of rationality of your main competitor there, with the change of ownership? I mean there has been an argument there's a positive saying when this thing goes pack of those private. Now makes it a little more rational, are you seeing any of that? Or is that not the case? Because it sounds like from your current results, it's not the case.
