Stephen M. Robb: Yes, let me just build on that. So just turning to earnings per share, we do think we've got a balanced outlook at $4.25 to $4.35 earnings per share. Just a couple of things I would point out as you think of earnings per share growth in the second half of the fiscal year: number one, advertising. As I had mentioned just a few minutes ago, we fully expect that we're going to invest about 9% of net sales and advertising. And when you look at the investment second of fiscal '12, that number was closer to 8.5%. So it does represent a significant ramp-up in spending to support the innovation that Don talked about. The other thing is we believe that we have appropriately set aside a contingency for potential risks in Venezuela, and that's certainly a drag of call it $0.05 to $0.10. And then finally, we've got a higher tax rate. So those are really the 3 factors that are causing the earnings per share in the second half to probably be up modestly, although it could be flat or down a little bit depending on what happens in Venezuela relative to the 10% growth that you saw in the first half.
Stephen M. Robb: Michael, the 6% differential was pretty equally split between both pricing and mix. On the pricing side, as I think I mentioned, we, over the course of the last year, had price increases on all 3 of the businesses in that segment. On the mix side, we saw, particularly in the Glad business, a nice trade up to premium trash bags, which obviously helps us in the top line as well.
Stephen M. Robb: Wendy, this is Steve Robb. Let me take the first question regarding Venezuela, and let me step back and just provide a perspective on that. And then I'll turn it over to Don and Steve, they can talk a little bit more about Burt's Bees. For Venezuela, a couple of things I would just highlight to everyone. Number one, obviously, the situation remains fairly volatile in that market. And we believe that the risks of devaluation have gone up, not down, over the last couple of months. If you look at the exchange rate in parallel markets, I mean, that exchange rate is up in the high teens. The government controlled rate is probably in the 4s. So it's a pretty wide gap. So for a lot of reasons, we thought it prudent to be increasing the contingency from $0.05, to $0.05 to $0.10. In addition to that, it's become increasingly difficult to take pricing in that market. And these things are pretty tightly correlated. So in the event that there isn't a devaluation this year, then we think it's extremely likely it will happen in fiscal '14. And if we don't see devaluation this year and we're able to take pricing, which remains uncertain, then we could likely float up in the earnings per share range, we might even be slightly above it. But at this point, it's really hard to call that because generally devaluations and pricing decisions kind of run hand in hand. So we're going to continue to monitor the situation. We'll keep you informed as we learn more, but we certainly want to be transparent with all of you and our investors that we think this is an increasing area of risk and try to dimensionalize it for everyone.
Stephen M. Robb: Market share has generally remained fairly healthy for the business. Again, the business is fairly healthy, the biggest challenge is the inability to take pricing and you're in a market where you've got double-digit inflation. So certainly seeing the margins get compressed and the earnings have come down quite a bit. And it also makes difficulty bringing new products to market because of the exchange controls. You can't bring products in from outside of the country easily because you can't pay for those products in dollars. But generally, the business is healthy but the conditions are challenging.
Stephen M. Robb: We actually -- we look at the margins of both our Brita business in there, or Burt's Bees business and Food, because they actually have some of the highest margins in the company. We've got a pretty good pipeline of cost savings projects and innovation that's margin-accretive. So we actually look at that business as a business that's got some headspace to be able to further improve margins over time. So a fast-growing business, margin-accretive to the company, good opportunity to improve it. So we're feeling very good about the health of the margins in that segment to both now as well as into the future.
Stephen M. Robb: When we talk about volume -- Ali, this is Steve Robb, we tend to talk statistical cases, so let's talk uses is generally how we think of it. We think that bleach compaction is a positive thing long term for volume. It deals with one of the fundamental consumer dissatisfiers, which is the product is a little bit hard to use when you're trying to put it into the laundry machine, so we feel good about that. I would also point out that as you get more units on shelf, one of the problems that we have with Clorox Liquid Bleach is that during high periods of traffic, these stores can run out of stock. And so by getting more units on shelf, we think for the retailers they're more likely to run in stock, which means they pick up those purchase occasions, and of course, the consumer will find the product when she's looking for it. So net-net, we think it's positive for the category and the consumer, and obviously, positive for the retailer as well.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, 2 things. So the 50 to 55, the bulk of that is actually sitting in our SG&A cost, which is one of the reasons SG&A as a percentage of sales, we had been saying about 15%. We're now saying it will actually be somewhat below 15%. But that's one of the reasons you're seeing it elevated. So yes, as you look to fiscal '14 and beyond, one of the reasons we believe we can get SG&A cost as a percentage of sales to 14% or less, and this will take a couple of years, but one of the reasons we think we can get there is because we're going to start anniversary-ing some of these costs. And so you should see SG&A costs start to come down in the second half of this fiscal year, and we would expect that to continue to trend down as we get into fiscal '14 and beyond. So it should help us offset other inflationary pressures that we're seeing, particularly in some international markets.
Stephen M. Robb: John, this is Steve. What I would say is mix, this long-term trend of consumers trading up to larger sizes, more value-oriented packs, that's likely to continue. But what we've said pretty consistently is the level of mix, the negative impact on mix in fiscal '12, which was pretty significant, we did not project that going forward. And that's certainly what we're seeing in the first 2 quarters of this fiscal year. So I think mix will continue to challenge us. It will be a modest drag on our margins over time. But we think that the combination of pricing, cost savings, innovation will allow us to get over -- overcome those things. So it was a modest impact on the quarter. We continue to anticipate it will be a modest impact going forward.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, there was, but it was very modest. So it's not a meaningful impact, either for the quarter or certainly for the year. So it's not concerning. But we used to do the price increases in January by bringing the price increases to December, you get a little prebuy, but again, it's moderate.
Stephen M. Robb: You can see some volatility quarter in, quarter out, depending on what we're doing with demand, building investments, the cost of launching new products, things like the bleach conversion, et cetera. I'd encourage you to really focus on probably longer-term margins, kind of the full-year, when you're looking at segment by segment, because without the underlying details quarter-to-quarter, you'll probably go to the wrong conclusion. So full-year margins are probably a better way to look at the health of those businesses and the direction.
Stephen M. Robb: Over time, yes. So as we, for example, as we rebuild our gross margins and we're certainly off to a very good start in the first half, absolutely you'll see that flow through these businesses. And the one business that will continue to be challenged for some period of time is our International segment, and as you've seen, both our margins and profit are down in that business, in part because of the SAP investments we're making, and in part because we're challenged in some markets with the combination of high inflation and price controls. So I think that's probably one business that will be challenged for some period of time. But the other businesses over time should do fine as we rebuild our margins.
Stephen M. Robb: This is Steve Robb. Let me start. I would say that our bleach compaction, we've converted 2 of the 3 regions that I think Don and Steve talked about, it's going very well. Our retailer execution is going as expected. It's too early to read the consumer, but at least the early indications are that everything is on track. So it's certainly was positive on the quarter. It wasn't the largest driver in terms of what happened in the quarter. But I would say we're on track, maybe slightly ahead, but it's early days still.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. But again, it's very early. We're going to wait more time, as Don said, to really start looking at consumer repeat and consumption but...
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, I don't want to comment on the specific margins. What I would say is the following: number one, we're obviously putting plans in place over the next couple of years to rebuild those margins back to what we think they ought to be. Some of that will be contingent on what happens around Venezuela and Argentina. Some of this we can control, and some of it we can't. So we think it's going to take time. But I -- to be completely transparent, the second half of this fiscal year, we're going to continue to see International margins challenged and probably certainly, into the first half of next fiscal year. But again, we think there's a lot of opportunity through a combination of cost savings, pricing over time and just bringing new products to market that are margin-accretive where you can set new price points. All of those things give us a reason to believe that we can rebuild the International margins, but it's going to take some time. And I suspect calendar '13 is going to be a challenging period for International.
Stephen M. Robb: Okay. Well, let me start on your first question, Javier. So as we've said consistently, we do anticipate spending about $50 million to $55 million for both the SAP implementation in Latin America, as well as rebuilding our R&D in other facilities in Pleasanton, California. We're on track to complete both projects this fiscal year. More than 1/2 will be spent in the first half and has been spent in the first half, but there will be some continued investment into the second half of the fiscal. So we are not done with the projects, and we are going to continue to have some of that spending in the second half. Nonetheless, as we move through the quarters, the numbers will start to come down a bit. And so you'll start to see SG&A return to more normalized levels. But you should absolutely expect additional spending in the second half of this fiscal year for those projects. Importantly though, when we get to fiscal '14, we should be anniversary-ing most of those costs. But we will then continue to invest this $20 million to $30 million we've talked about for some time, which is the ordinary level of investment that we make to support our cost savings pipeline that delivers this 150 basis points of margin expansion that we've done so well over the last decade.
Stephen M. Robb: All those things are true, but I would remind you of a couple of things about our second half. Number one, as I said earlier, we are going to make incremental investments in advertising. Our advertising is expected to be about 9% of sales for the year and the second half, that's 1/2 point higher than you saw in the same period a year ago. We are making an assumption that we fully expect a devaluation in Venezuela. Difficult to call the timing, but we've certainly put $0.05 to $0.10 of earnings associated with that aside, and then finally, the higher tax rate. So while the gross margins are continuing to grow, we feel good about the direction our business is moving in. Those are some challenges that we have in the second half, which is why the earnings per share growth is likely to be less than you saw in the first half, where it was particularly strong at 10% growth.
Stephen M. Robb: I think inflation is broadly defined in our International markets. Certainly Venezuela and Argentina, those inflation rates are well above 20% in both of those markets. So that's the biggest piece of it. But we've got inflation in other International markets and even here in the U.S. You've got inflation on wages, benefit costs which continue to rise despite the recent legislation that was put through. So I think it's all of that. All that said, though, we are pretty confident that over the next couple of years, we can get this back down to 14% or less. Not all of that will happen in fiscal '14, but we think we can take a big step forward in '14 and beyond. And that should help us get to this EBIT margin expansion of 25 to 50 basis points that we've been talking about.
Donald R. Knauss: Okay, on Burt's Bees, Wendy. If you look at the last 18 months on Burt's, it basically has grown in double digits. So it's really, post the recession, the brand has come on strong. I think in this quarter, in particular, a lot of innovation on lip. We really have refocused hard on lip, with like tinted lip balms, also the lip wands have started to really impact positively the business. Gud is continuing to do well, particularly in shampoos and conditioners, so -- and we've got the new scent coming out in gud in the third quarter. And then, the holiday season this year was really good for Burt's. So I think as people getting back into -- we had a fairly rough holiday season in calendar year '10, certainly in '11, but we saw a much better holiday pull-through this past season. So add all that up and we got strong double-digit growth. And the international side of Burt's continues to do well as well.
Donald R. Knauss: Let me check your numbers here. I think you're fairly close on the drivers, Ali, but I'll give you this perspective. When you look at the difference between the MULO data, for example, and our reported sales in the U.S. First of all, about 25% of that's Puma, where your -- or the -- our project Puma, what we call bleach compaction. So we're getting about 20 -- between 20% and 25% more units on the shelf, and obviously, the revenue is going up because we're getting more bottles on the same space, we haven't lost any space. So that explains about 25% of it. The other thing we saw last year was an artificial depression in inventory. And that was replenished in this quarter. So I don't think that your 0 to slightly negative is accurate because last year, we saw an artificial depletion in inventory, particularly with some of our largest customers. That's been replenished, and obviously, that was more around disinfecting wipes and bleach. And if you look at the consumption the last 13 weeks and last 4 weeks on Wipes, for example, it's in the mid to high teens. And then the other roughly 40% of the difference is inventory builds for strong merchandising programs in the third quarter, particularly on Charcoal as we get into the grilling season. We're even seeing some of that on our Cleaning products like Pine-Sol. So hopefully that helps you understand it. But there was last year a bit of a depression in inventory that was a bit artificial.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, the other thing I would say, Ali, about that as we get into the second half of the year, if you look at the innovation pipeline, each one of those 3 businesses, and this is a -- some of this is a build as we go into the second half, each one of those businesses have strong innovation coming and had strong innovation in the second quarter. So there is a bit more of the advertising and consumer promotion support behind those 3 businesses.
Donald R. Knauss: Too early to tell, Joe. We don't think so. There has been a shift -- a mix shift into larger sizes. We think some of that's due -- the king size, which is we think due to some initial consumer confusion on this. But we saw that over 10 years ago in the other compaction cycle. So that tends to wash out after a few months. And of course, we'll have a better answer for you probably in May, once we get this thing rolled out across the country. By May, we will have been in market for over 6 months in the center part of the country, so we can give you a better answer. But nothing right now that suggests that.
Donald R. Knauss: I think the other thing I would add, John, is as we drive growth on the higher-margin businesses, for example, Burt's continues to grow at this double-digit clip we've seen in the last few quarters -- and in fact over the last 18 months, the Food business growing at an accelerated rate, I think the product -- the Professional Products business has margins that are higher than the company average. So if we continue to drive these other businesses, I think that's why you'll continue to see -- you'll see some headwind probably, but it's certainly more benign than it has been.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, I think Jason, on the products where we're seeing some challenge, obviously Clorox 2 is one of those. If you look at the category that Clorox 2 participates in, it's down about negative 7 in the last 13 weeks. You'll see news coming out of Clorox 2, not only new advertising but product news as well as packaging news coming out there as we try to reposition that as a stain fighter brand. But that category in general has been challenged as the heavy investment from a couple of years ago when Tide launches has gone out of that category. And so that's one that's challenged. But as I said, you'll see news there coming up in the next 6 months. The other one is Brita, where that -- the Water Filtration category is down about 4.5% to 5% in the last 13 weeks. That's more driven by faucet mount where we're not really that strong. You'll see again more news in Brita coming up in this quarter with a hard-sided bottle. We saw some slowdown in the portable on-the-go bottle category because we're lapping, obviously, that strong set of numbers from a year ago. But that's been the other category that's challenged, and we think innovation is the answer there as well in that category. And I think the third one would be in the Trash business. While the premium segment is doing exceptionally well for us, and those margins are quite a bit better than the company average, the base Trash business is challenged. And that's where we've just taken 7% of the resin out over the last few months in that category. We think having the strongest bag in that space bodes well over the long term, but those are the 3 categories I'd say we're challenged. If you look at, obviously, the bright spots are the ones we've already talked about, like Home Care, Natural Personal Care, Food, premium Trash and Bleach, we'll probably have the strongest bleach growth this year than we've had in 40 years in terms of volume and sales growth. So that bodes pretty well. We haven't seen that, as I said, certainly almost in our lifetime.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, there's some difference between Nielsen and IRI, too. So we're trying to triangulate this, but call it 1% versus 5% to 5.5%. Like I said, if you break that down, about 25% of that is the concentrated bleach issue of getting more revenue into the same retail shelf space. So that's 25% of it. Again, about 35% of it is this replenishment of artificially depleted inventories a year ago, particularly in Home Care, which we saw in some of our larger customers. The other 40% of it is prebuilding for merchandising events that are coming up. And if you add all that up, it gives you about 4 points.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, in the -- like I said, let's take the 25% that is concentrated bleach. That's not pantry inventory. That's just inventory on the retail shelves. The consumption -- our consumption over the last 13 weeks on bleach was a little north of 3%. So we don't think that we're building inventory in the homes on bleach. And then if you look at the 35%, I said that was replacing artificially low inventories from a year ago, principally that was around disinfecting wipes and some other Home Care cleaning products. If you look at the consumption in Home Care for the last 13 weeks for us, it's about 4.5% when the category is growing about 1.5%. So we don't see inventory -- it's good consumption. We're not hearing anything about pantry loading there. I think with the flu, people are obviously using those products because we're continuing to see, if you look at the 4-week data, those consumption trends accelerate beyond the 13-week data. So it seems like they're replenishing those stocks that they had at home. So all in all, we're not certainly seeing anything that would say to us we've got inventory builds. And I think if you look at that 4-week data, which goes through January 20, which is our strongest consumption data out of the 13-week or the fiscal year-to-date consumption data, would say that we're off to a solid start in January.
Donald R. Knauss: No, no. The Costco fence activity every year is in the mid-February to mid-March timing, Bill. So there was nothing prebuild or anything else from Costco there that would influence it.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, I think one of the positives there, Lauren, that was a bit of a positive to the quarter on compaction was that we didn't lose any shelf space. We had probably thought we were going to lose a little bit, and we didn't. So therefore, you've got more units being packed out.
Donald R. Knauss: And I think one of the things, Lauren, that gives us confidence, other than the usual suspects that Steve just ticked off like innovation that's margin-accretive and cost savings, is the SAP investment. We're now up and running in 12 countries. We have no glitches in doing that. I think you're going to see over the next 12, 24, 36 months, a very different way of managing working capital, more accurate forecasting, ability to get nonperforming SKUs out of the system. So you're going to see a bunch of improvements in the International processes going forward. I think that's going to enable some real tangible benefits on the P&L. But it's going take us a little -- it's going to take us some time to get it.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, I'd say it's a little early to tell so far, Connie. I'd say the price premium is in the 5% range versus -- 5% to 10% range, depends on the retailer and what they're rolling through. But like gel bleach, it's small. It's -- it just kind of rounds out the portfolio for us. So we'll see. Like I said, on the question before, I can probably give you a better answer in May when we got a few more months under our belt and see what consumer reaction has been. But solid performance so far on expectations, price premium in the 5% to 10% range, depending on the retailer. And we'll see how it plays out.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, I believe so, Chris. Let me tell you, as you look at the last 18 months, and the proof is in the pudding, the last 18 months, we've averaged 5% growth. Now there are some acquisition in there, it's probably closer to 4% organic growth. But feel pretty good about being in the last 18 months at the top end of that range. When we built that 3 to 5% algorithm, the assumptions that went into that were 1 to 2 points of category growth, 2 points of new product growth, and then maybe 1 point of mix and/or pricing. So if you look at that algorithm, as we look at it today going forward, we're back to those historical category growth ranges of 1 to 2. So check that out. Our innovation pipeline is now generating about 3 points plus of growth, not 2. So we feel very good about the innovation pipeline. It looks solid for '14 as well. So pricing and mix, if the commodity environment stays benign, you won't see much pricing from us, except in high inflation markets internationally if we can take pricing. But you will start to see, I think, some margin accretion from innovation that is focused on products that have higher margins than the company average. So you add all that up, it gives us pretty good confidence that we're in the upper half of that range going forward. And that's what we certainly delivered the last 18 months.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, thanks, everyone, again, for joining us on the call today. And we certainly look forward to speaking to you folks in May when we go through the third quarter results. Take care, everyone. Thank you.
Steve Austenfeld: The only other thing I would add is that you noted the pricing benefit, of which we got almost 3 points of benefit in this quarter. As you know, that has, at least for a period of time, a negative impact on volumes as consumers adjust to the new prices. We fully believe that if we're not taking that level of pricing, you would've seen stronger underlying volume growth because historically, that's what it's reflected. And I think if we're going to go into a period where maybe commodity costs are more benign as they have been recently, which wouldn't necessarily support additional pricing or at least not significant amounts of pricing, then I think you will begin to see volume become more of the equation as we talk about our top line growth.
Steve Austenfeld: We said a couple of times this year that over the course of the year, we expect that every quarter to be more or less the same, plus or minus. You wouldn't see a significant change 1 quarter to the next. And previously, our sales outlook was, as you know, 2% to 4%, we've now raised that 3% to 5% for the year this year, which is great news. I think as we came in to the second quarter, the expectations were somewhat similar. We will be somewhere in that 2% to 4% range, maybe close to the higher end of that. So if you compare that versus the sales growth of a little over 5%, when you exclude the impact of the acquisitions and exclude the impact of the extra shipping day, then that probably gives you your difference. It's probably 1 point to 2.
Steve Austenfeld: In that segment, the mix was a slight trend towards larger sizes, which I know as we've talked in the past, tends to have a little bit of a mix drag or margin drag. I think it was primarily in the Food business. And that was more a point in time, and I wouldn't think about as a long-term factor outside of -- as we've said before, consumers are generally looking for value, and they can get that through larger sizes.
Steve Austenfeld: Yes, Jason. The manufacturing logistics is almost always going to be a negative line item only because we pull out cost savings and show them differently. If you want to get a true understanding of our manufacturing cost, you'd probably net those 2 line items and you have to look back over the last several quarters. In many cases, they would be about neutral, in some cases, it's actually accretive, which suggest that we're doing a good job at controlling our manufacturing logistics cost. In terms of -- once you pull the cost savings line out and show it separately as we do, what you do see is a pretty negative trend on manufacturing logistics. But the primary drivers of that and the reasons why it's probably a little bit elevated right now are that we are experiencing pretty significant inflation in some of our Latin American countries, I think we've talked about that. And until that subsides, that's going to put pressure on that line. And then the other thing right now that, again, will begin to dissipate over time is that we have some incremental costs in there for the conversion to the concentrated bleach, some manufacturing costs. And I think as we conclude this fiscal year, get that fourth region completed and have the updated manufacturing plan for that, that I think you'll see at least that component of the manufacturing logistics line come down a little bit. So all I would say is going forward, as part of our 25 to 50 basis point EBIT margin goal, that line is likely to be negative, just not as negative as you're seeing it right now.
Steve Austenfeld: Bill, the only one thing I'd add, I think Steve made an appropriate comment, which is you got to look at the longer-term margins, at least on an annual basis for this. But the 2 things that can drive variability in margins in a quarter are usually marketing support, as Don noted, even though margins are down slightly in Lifestyle, a lot of it is because we're strongly supporting those brands. Again, pointing back to Burt's Bees having such a strong quarter to the holiday season, a lot of that was supported by us. And then on the Household segment, we saw, I think, it's about a 600 basis point improvement in the quarter this year versus last year, that was driven by the highest cost savings in the company among all of our segments. So depending on the cost savings flow and the marketing support, those sort of activities can drive differences in margins in a given quarter on the different segments. Other than that, as Steve said, you really have to look longer term.
