Donald R. Knauss: So we have some plans that we're pretty excited about on bleach. You may have seen our new campaign around Bleachable Moments, and essentially, we're trying to attract the lighter user and new users to the category. And we're convinced that some of this new messaging will appeal to that. We also have some interesting innovation in place. Hitting shelves pretty much as we speak is as a gel of bleach in a bottle that's easy to use on an HE machine. I think as many people know, it's pretty hard to manipulate even some of our smaller bottles, to get it into that little container in HE machines. So this is a bottle that has a directed spout, with a little thicker formula, that allows customers to get it into HE machines. And we know we've an issue with dosing over the last several years. That has impacted volume, particularly with HE machines. So this is a way that we are addressing the dosing issue as well as giving a more convenient form to consumers.
Donald R. Knauss: Just to put a point on it, Bill, as you noted, when you look at FDKT data, the track channel data, certainly the data ending in January, we saw a 52-week trend of down almost 4.5 points and in the last 13 weeks, up 1.3, as you said, a lot of that driven by pricing. But as Larry noted, we certainly feel better about it now than we have in a while.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, I think, Bill, what we learned is that we had pretty good credibility with our long-term investors. And I think the belief in the investment thesis behind the company is the fact that our brands are -- brand shares are near all-time highs. The margins of the structure -- or the margins of the business, we see continuing to improve as we get into FY '13 and these commodities tend to mitigate some. So I think what we learned is that the investment thesis behind the company still is a robust one, and our investors certainly agreed with that. So I think that was the primary learning we got out of it. And I think the organization did a pretty good job of staying focused on building the business while this was going on.
Donald R. Knauss: It's exceptionally close. I mean, every -- we've taken more pricing than we care to over the last 5 years, and we always go back and kind of look at -- we look at the models, see how predictive they are, and they are amazingly accurate. Obviously, you can't control for the all variables that might occur in the marketplace, but we're very happy with the accuracy of those models.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, and I think just to add, Jason, on the top line, as I said just a second ago, I think the innovation pipeline, we have focused very hard on that over the last 18 months, given that as categories flattened, we didn't get the normal 1 to 2 points of category growth tailwind behind us. We knew it was more incumbent on us to drive that growth. And what we've come up with, I think, is a pipeline that gives us a solid 3%-plus on the top line, looking forward. If we get any kind of resurgence, that we're starting to see now in the categories, we feel very good about the top line. And of course, I think the health of the top line is really going to drive our ability to get these margins back to where we want, their historical highs. We do see, as Steve said, the first 3 quarters of FY '13, we're going to have some very high commodity cost in there that we're cycling through from FY '12. So we'll have some easier comps on margin as we get into FY '13. So all in all, we feel pretty good about our ability to start expanding these margins again.
Donald R. Knauss: I would say it's stabilized. So we're not seeing increases, our spending is essentially flat versus last year at this time. I would say things have calmed down a bit, and there may be a couple of categories where we're seeing a little bit more than others, but nothing dramatic in the current quarter.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, Connie, and just a little bit more color on the wage inflation in manufacturing. A lot of that is more internationally-driven, where you've got markets like Argentina where you've got double-digit inflation, and salaries had to be kept up with the double-digit inflation rate, so a lot of it's international more so than domestic.
Donald R. Knauss: We've taken a lot of pricing, so I think that our base trash improvement is definitely helping. But we are seeing volume losses as a result of pricing. So just trying to -- if you net out the 2, we're definitely seeing a positive impact on the innovation, but we have taken a lot of pricing. So we took a May price increase, a November price increase. We're up close to 20% on Trash Bags.
Donald R. Knauss: It will take us about 18 months to fully integrate this business, to implement the cost savings programs and the other investments that we're making. But I think when we get to fiscal '14, the businesses are expected to be EPS-neutral to accretive. And at that point, we would also expect them to be operating-margin-accretive to the company as well. So this is just the typical time that it takes into integrate a business and, again, do the things we do so well in terms of taking cost savings out of businesses.
Donald R. Knauss: So in Canada, we saw good volume gains. We were hurt on the sales side because of certain trade spending behind new products. But we're seeing our brands being healthier than they have been in the recent past. So we're feeling good about our position in that category. It is a lower-margin category for us, and there's some commodity pressure there. We haven't taken pricing on Cat Litter, and that's really one that we would look at over time.
Donald R. Knauss: I would say that, just to build on Larry's comment, that any pricing that we take in the second half would obviously be cause us to find [ph] a lot of that would be internationally-focused where we're seeing inflation.
Donald R. Knauss: And I think, John, just to put it in order of magnitude, we are talking about $78 million here. That's what we're talking about. So as Steve said, we really think there are some pretty significant profit opportunities going down the road. And there are some integration costs, and there are some retention costs as well.
Donald R. Knauss: Okay. Let me start off now with the natural gas. Probably what you're remembering is natural-- first off, natural gas is trading at historical lows. Obviously, there's a lot of supply out there in the market, and so, clearly, it's trading very cheaply. Natural gas is one of the feedstocks for resin, which, as you know, we buy a lot of resin. And normally, you would expect that natural gas trading at this levels, then resin prices would be significantly lower than they are. But as a reminder, natural gas is just one of many inputs that goes into it. There's supply demand, overseas demand for resin. And so on balance, despite the fact that natural gas is at historical lows, we continue to see resin prices firming up and staying fairly elevated on a year-over-year basis.
Donald R. Knauss: And I think, Nik, just to add a point to that. I think what we would describe as the heartbeat categories, kind of in the center of the store, home care, laundry. Certainly, when you have the #1 brands and #2 brands in that space, it certainly benefits. So we're seeing it there. But brands like Glad, they've reflected all of the pricing. So it's kind of a mixed bag, but in general, as Larry said, we're seeing very much improved trends there.
Donald R. Knauss: I think that, really, that double-digit decline in volume -- I mean, the sales were up in the mid-single-digits, the volume, off significantly, as Steve noted. I think people are just locked down on buying any inventory. The price control clarification is supposed to come in the middle of this month, so we'll see what it does. But I think it's impacting a number of categories.
Donald R. Knauss: I don't remember talking about such a difficult time last quarter, to be honest. So I think we have always said and we have seen that taking pricing, particularly in this economy, does affect your volume. And there is a pretty big swing between our sales number and our volume numbers because of the reaction we're getting from consumers. But it's all as anticipated, as expected, as modeled. But nevertheless, losing unit volume is not a positive thing from our standpoint or, quite frankly, our customers' standpoint. So that's the rub in taking pricing. Again, totally as expected. In fact, a little bit better than expected. But you do take a volume hit, particularly in a difficult economy, when you take pricing up.
Donald R. Knauss: I don't think there's an inventory issue at all. I don't think there's one way that the inventory changed.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, I think it's insignificant, Ali, in the sense that as you look at some of the significant innovations, they've been out there for 3, 6, 9 months. Take the case of Febreze, OdorShield, think Brita on-the-go, which has been out there for months. So a lot of the stuff that manifested itself in the October, November, December quarter was out the previous quarter or the previous even 6 months before that. So I think it's very little impact with inventory.
Donald R. Knauss: I think, Javier, if you look the last 5 years, we've only had 1 year of those 5 where, actually, commodities were a tailwind, and that was a slight tailwind 2 years ago of about $20 million. So when you look at the commodity market movement over that period of time, it's well north of $500 million. And when you look at the pricing we've taken, until this year, we always lagged in pricing. We've only recouped about 65% to 70% of that commodity increase over that 5-year horizon. I would say, I think, this year is a good example of us getting faster on the price increasing and also getting more bullish on the innovation to try and tie that pricing to innovation. So I think on the last year, we're almost at a historical high, again, in gross margin. But I think that's the central point, is that over a 5-year horizon we did not recoup all of that commodity increase, but now we're at the point where we're taking pricing faster. We're taking it to reflect the true nature of the cost increases, and we're also tying it to innovation that has higher and more accretive margins to us overall. So you should start to see, over the long term, that margin march up.
Donald R. Knauss: Obviously, it's hard for us to understand what's going on with our competitive set in detail. But I would say we're doing the basics very well. We've been focused on the 3 Ds [ph] : how we develop our branch for a long time. We pushed really hard on innovation, which has been particularly important during a tough economy. We have taken a lot of pricing, but we've been very selective about how we take pricing, where we take pricing. So I would just say this is kind of managing the day-to-day business exceptionally well. And again, I can't speak for what our competitors are doing or not doing across many, many businesses and categories.
Donald R. Knauss: If I could just add to Larry's point. I don't think it's a material effect on a lot of our categories. I do think, obviously, in health care, it is a fairly substantial impact, given the increment [ph] of hospital space. And also, the other side of the acute care equation is nursing homes. We talk a lot about hospital-acquired infections, but it's also a major issue in nursing homes, and as the population ages, obviously, that's going to be significant market that expands. This whole infection control market for us -- we think it's at least a $2.5 billion category. We can't find anybody with more than a 5 to 7 share of that business. So we think it is extremely fragmented, wide open for somebody that really understands how to build brands. And I think these 2 recent acquisitions really bode well to increasing our product exposure as well as the channel exposure we get now with the new products as well as the existing ones.
Donald R. Knauss: All right. Well, if there are no further questions, we certainly look forward to updating everyone in May, when we do our fiscal '13 outlook. Thanks, everyone, for being on the call today. We appreciate it. Take care.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Yes, we're feeling more optimistic than I think we have in some time. But the category still is definitely not one of our healthiest.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Last year, we achieved 2.8% of incremental sales from innovation, and as Don said, this year, we're trending above 3%. And I would say, number one, it starts with a lot of focus, so we've been talking innovation internally for several years now. We've put more resources behind it, put more focus behind it. And the innovation is -- comes in all shapes and forms. It's not just new product innovation. It certainly is not just premium items, but a lot of this is base innovation that drives incremental sales of -- one recent example would be on our base trash bag, we have a trash bag that actually has less resin in it, but it is stronger and better-appreciated by consumers. And obviously, we also have examples of going to new spaces, like the Brita on-the-go water bottle. So it's a variety of innovation. The good news is, it's broad-scale innovation across almost every business unit. So this is not the case where we have one big game-changer kind of innovation that's driving the numbers, but it's virtually on every part of the portfolio.
Lawrence S. Peiros: I would say everybody is -- Lauren, I wouldn't use the word playing along. But I would say, essentially, we've been followed by both private label and Hefty in the category on our pricing actions, so there's nothing out of kilter. Broadly, there are always some individual retailers that behave differently. But generally speaking, this is going kind of as expected and as we want it to go.
Lawrence S. Peiros: The other thing I'd say, Lauren, is that the healthcare side of our Away From Home business, those margins are quite a bit accretive to the company average. So when we look at that business given the high growth rates on the top line, we feel very good about the margin structure and its ability contribute not only to the top line, but, obviously, the bottom line.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So I would say that we've taken the bulk of our pricing, a vast majority of our pricing already in the fiscal year. There is some limited pricing going on in the second half, but I think we'd rather not be specific about that pricing until it's been announced in the marketplace.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So obviously, we're very pleased that we have done very well despite Procter's presence in that category, a lot of effort in spending on their part. We don't know as much, obviously, about the new ownership, but we're certainly going to take them seriously. They have some good brands and good customer presence, and so we plan on being as aggressive as possible in that category as we have been in the past.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Your question on our largest customer, we are definitely seeing improved performance at that customer. They're doing lots of good things across many of our categories. We're helping them change some of their assortment across most of our categories. And so we're feeling much better about that business. That business is much healthier today than it was a year ago.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So I think you're getting at pass-through repricing. We have seen probably less pass-through at Walmart because they have decreased their margin across some of our categories to be more aggressive in the marketplace, and that's one of their steady goals. That happened particularly in bleach, where they've taken less of a price increase on bleach than they have on some our other products. So they are being more aggressive on the marketplace. And actually, we are benefiting, and they're benefiting.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Let me start just giving you a quick update on Venezuela. I think as you're already aware, a couple of months back, the government expanded price controls in Venezuela. Those have yet to take full effect. Now what we've been saying since that time is that retailers, and consumers, to a lesser extent, are really holding back on the purchases of inventory under the hope and expectation that future prices might be lower, and that's certainly having an impact on our Venezuela business, which, albeit, small, it's only about 2% of sales, it's a very profitable and a very good business for us. And that's the negative country mix that we're really experiencing in the second half of this fiscal year and projecting. In terms of product and size mix, we just continue to see a trend where consumers are very value-conscious, and they're trending to buy more of the larger sizes, which are slightly dilutive from a margin standpoint.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So first of all, this is an example of the country mix we're seeing. And then, second to answer your question, it's about 2% of sales. It's about the same in terms of profitability. The profit and the sales are fairly close.
Lawrence S. Peiros: I do think, Ali, there is a difference in the macroeconomic environment out there versus last quarter. In the sense that if you look at the jobs report today, with unemployment now at 8.3%, I mean, one of the things we know in this country is we used to think our business correlated with GDP. We know it now, it correlates a lot more with the employment rate -- or unemployment rate. So I think there certainly is some positive momentum out there in the macro economy, I think, that benefits us. And I think it's also the innovation we've got out there. It's certainly helped mitigate the effect of some of that pricing.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Let me add a color point to it, Javier, maybe this will help you as well. When you look at the 3 segments of the U.S. business, the Household segment, the Cleaning segment and then the Lifestyle segment, so Household, up 4%; Cleaning, up 5%; and then, Lifestyle, up 6%. I think what that says is very good balance across those 3 segments from an innovation standpoint. Every one of those business units had strong innovation across a number of SKUs in their portfolio. The second thing I think we're doing very well is retail execution. I think if you look at our top 25 customers, I would say our execution at retail is as good as anybody's. And it's fine to have great ideas like Brita on-the-go, but if you can't execute it at retail, it doesn't much matter. And I think if you look at the ACV coverage of our innovation, we're getting to shelf quickly. I think the retailers are excited by the innovations. So I think it's the broadscale-ness of our innovation across all the business units and our ability to really double down on superior retail execution that's helping.
Lawrence S. Peiros: I would say, yes, it's probably a little bit more of a negative trend in general. I'm trying to think off the top of my head. I mean, obviously, cleaning tech categories with smaller households, we clean less, we've see that trend for some time. Other categories might be relatively unaffected or maybe even boosted, like our food business, like Hidden Valley, may be a positive in some ways. So I would say it's a huge improvement and probably a bit of a drag across the rest of our categories. Obviously, it is positive on healthcare-type categories, and it's certainly positive when it comes to disinfecting products that can turn [ph] around germs.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, Bill, we're projecting about $0.04 for this year, probably slightly less in fiscal '13. But we fully expect that these acquisitions combined will be EPS-neutral to accretive as we get into fiscal '14. Here's how we would have you think about that: there's really 3 things we're doing with these acquisitions. First is we've got some money set aside to integrate these business. The second thing we're going to do is we're setting money aside to further accelerate the growth. And then, finally, this shouldn't be a surprise, we think there's some pretty good cost savings opportunities with both of these businesses, so we've put some additional moneys aside to be able to go after some cost savings so that over time, we can expand the margins of the businesses. And those are really the 3 factors that are causing it to be slightly dilutive.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. Actually, the pricing is behind us. We will continue to see the volume impact, as anticipated. But at this point, I don't really have any serious concern that we have to roll something back or increase trade spending or anything like that. I mean, it's kind of a done deal for the most part.
Stephen M. Robb: I think the only thing I'd add, Chris, is that one of the other learnings we've gotten out of this is we much more tied this pricing to innovation. And as Larry noted in his remarks up front, our innovation pipeline this year, and it looks good through -- as you go through FY '13, it's trending at 3% or north thereof. So I think linking really good innovation to a lot of the pricing helped as well.
Stephen M. Robb: Let me just turn to margins. Certainly, the margins have been challenged over the last year, the gross margins, because we face the commodity pressures. It's $140 million to $150 million in commodity pressures and another $40 million to $50 million of other inflationary pressures from manufacturing and logistics. What I would say is the pricing, as Larry noted, is working. The cost savings program continues to deliver very strong -- we delivered over $25 million in cost savings in the second quarter. And that's actually helped us in the second quarter. Margins were about flat, when you bring those 2 things together. And certainly, as we look at second half of the fiscal year, we expect gross margins also to be flat. And I think we're cautiously optimistic as we look at the future, if commodities begin to mitigate, and so they don't realize quite as quickly as they have more recently, then there's reason to believe that we'll get back to the typical margin expansion that we've seen in the past.
Stephen M. Robb: I think to Larry's point, the innovation is much more broad-scale across every major brand. I think the other thing that's changed -- about 2.5 years ago, we put all of our Insights people, and we had 3 different groups of Insights people: Consumer, Shopper and User. They were fairly siloed from each other, and we've combined that into one Global Insight group. So I think we're getting better insights into the consumer, and to the -- specifically, really understanding more precisely what problems we're trying to solve for consumers across these brands. So I think there has been a structure and process change in how we approach innovation as well.
Stephen M. Robb: To give you one example, if you look at bleach, which is our most challenged category, the price gaps and the IRI data, the track channel data, a year ago, we had about a 29% premium versus private label. Today we have a 32% premium. So there hasn't been a material change. I think we've done a pretty good job of watching these price gaps on core businesses and keeping them fairly tight.
Stephen M. Robb: A couple of things. So first of all, the third quarter is expected to be down slightly versus the year ago. It's a reflection of mix, a little bit of currency drag. And keep in mind, we're still anniversary-ing quite a bit of commodity cost increases. When you get to the fourth quarter, with the commodity cost comparisons, we're just a whole lot easier. And that combined with pricing, the cost savings starts to look a lot better, as Don mentioned in his earlier comments. And at this point, we believe that it should be about flat when you look at the entire year and the second half in terms of margins.
Stephen M. Robb: The -- we've talked pretty consistently about inflationary pressures in, obviously, the manufacturing we just experienced. Certainly, there is some wage inflation and health care inflation included in that number. There's also just transportation cost increases. In the depth of the recession, you have quite a few carriers that dropped out of the market. We just experienced more pressure on the logistics side over the last year. And so it's a reflection of all those factors that caused that number to be in this 40 to 50 range.
Stephen M. Robb: Just a point I'd add on Litter, Tim, when we look at the all-outlet data, so obviously, this combines all the channels, not just a fraction of it, that's probably been one of our strongest-performing share items in the last 52 weeks. We're up over a share point in Litter. So we feel really good about the price value we're offering in there [ph].
Stephen M. Robb: Sure. Let me see if I can give you some additional color. So today, these businesses were small family-held businesses. So these businesses today are not margin-accretive to the company. We absolutely believe that when we bring our scale and our capabilities and cost savings to it that they will be accretive to our operating margins in fiscal '14. But today, they're slightly dilutive to the company margins. And so maybe that's part of what you're struggling with. The other thing, again, is we are setting aside money early in this first 18 to 24 months to make those investments, particularly the cost savings investments, to get the margins where we believe that they ought to be and that they can be.
Stephen M. Robb: I think the key point of all of this is Venezuela was down strong double-digits in volume, as Larry noted in his earlier comments, and I think that's really driving it maybe to a greater extent than you might otherwise imagine.
