Kevin Jacobsen: Hi Andrea, this is Kevin. I can talk about our EPS, as you think about the balance of the year. So as you mentioned, we’ve raised our expectations for the year 5% to 8% off to a very strong start to the year. If you think about the impact of the balance of the year, as I’m sure you’ve done the math, we are projecting we will be down in the back half of the year on our EPS year-over-year, that’s primarily driven by the impact of the prior year. If you recall, we grew EPS, about 30% in the back half of fiscal year ‘20. So from the initial impact of COVID-19, the pantry loading, very strong results in the back half of the year. We have to lap that and in addition to lapping that, as we’ve spoken in the last couple of calls, we are leaning in and investing behind the additional growth opportunities we see in front of us. And you may have heard in my prepared remarks, we think that advertising investment will be back-half loaded. So we would expect to be spending about 12% of sales in the back half. One, supporting a very robust innovation program we have teed up for the back half of the year, as well as pursuing a number of new growth initiatives, both our partnerships and some of the international opportunities we are spending behind. And maybe just a last comment I’d make, Andrea, and I think you know this about us. We are certainly not looking to maximize one quarter, but making sure we’re taking the right investments that generate long-term value. And so, we think there is a good opportunity for us to do that, and we will certainly do it in the back half of the year.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hey Kevin, this is Kevin. I can take your first question as well, as it relates to sales. And to your point, we’ve taken up our expectation for the balance of the year pretty materially. I think there is a number of things we are seeing that’s giving us even more confidence for this year. The first is, we continue to see growing household penetration. So we are now three quarters into the pandemic in Q1, and it continued to grow. Additionally, we’re seeing increased repeat purchase rates with both new and existing consumers, and so growing household penetration, accelerating repurchase rates, both giving us more confidence, and as you know, we’ve been exploring a number of additional growth opportunities, both our partnerships, as well as expanding our disinfecting portfolio outside the U.S., and we’re seeing more and more opportunity in both those spaces, that will start to contribute in the back half of the year. And then maybe the last time I’d mentioned is, while we knew, we’d have a very strong year as it relates to our disinfecting portfolio, we’re seeing very strong results outside of disinfectant. I mean you clearly saw our results in our Household segment. Again, we’re seeing users, more users coming into those categories, they’re increasing their frequency of usage, and we think that’s going to continue through the balance of the fiscal year. So I’d say those are the key drivers that led to us taking up the outlook for the full year.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure. Happy to, Kevin, talk about cash. And as you mentioned, Kevin, we are seeing a pretty significant acceleration in the cash we are generating. Last year, our cash provided by operations was up about 56%. In Q1, it was up about 40%. We’re sitting on just a little under $900 million of cash on the balance sheet, which to your point is more than we typically hold. That really gives us quite a bit of financial flexibility. So for Lind and I, job one will be to continue to look for opportunities to invest in our base business. We know that’s where we can continue to create very strong returns for our shareholders. So we will do that, including investing more in capacity to the extent we think that’s required. Additionally, we will continue to look for targeted M&A. We still have an interest in pursuing strategic acquisitions. The good news is, they don’t feel like we have to do it to be successful, we got plenty of cash to pursue acquisitions to the extent we find a good opportunity. And then Kevin, you mentioned about share buybacks, we actually restart our share buybacks very modestly in the fourth quarter toward the end of the quarter, and in this quarter, we returned about $240 million to shareholders, combination of our dividend, plus about $100 million in share buybacks, that we assigned all to our dilution management program. So we are back in the market, I do expect that to continue. I expect this year, we will return around $900 million to shareholders, both in the form of our dividend, and our share repurchase program. But I think the key takeaway you should have is, the company continued to generate a significant amount of cash, and that gives us a lot of financial flexibility to pursue growth, both organically and inorganically.
Kevin Jacobsen: Jason, this is Kevin. We expect to still continue to have very strong Q2. As you heard, we think we will be up double-digits. The one thing I’d point to you is if you look at our Q1, we delivered 27% revenue growth. About 2 to 3 points was related to rebuilding retailer inventories. That was on Kingsford, our vitamins, minerals and supplements, as well as our Clorox liquid bleach. We’ve made pretty good progress on catching up with demand on Clorox bleach, and so we rebuilt some capacity in Q1. So I’d expect to have some impact on Q2. But beyond that I expect to see continued very strong performance in our cleaning portfolio, and that’s – my comment is a global comment, not just in the U.S., but globally.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hi Olivia. Yes, I can talk about those questions. Let me start with benefit of volume to gross margin. It was more impactful in Q1 as you said versus Q4. We got a little over 400 basis points of benefit to margin in the Q1. If you go back to Q4, it is about 350 basis points of benefit. And so, as we have seen our volume continue to grow, we delivered about 22% volume growth last quarter, and were up stronger this quarter. So we are seeing a little bit incremental benefit. And then on the mix side, the mix was really driven by business unit mix, as we shared with you in our prepared remarks. We saw a very strong growth from our Household segment, and that tends to have a higher revenue and higher margin, in those businesses, relative to the average for the company. So we have five points of favorable price mix. It was mostly all mix, and it was mostly driven by the strength of certain ones of our businesses growing at an accelerated rate.
Linda Rendle: Yes. Professional has been a strong part of our portfolio for a number of years, with high-single digit increases up to this point, and we continue to see a long runway for the business, both in the businesses that are established well today, in the Healthcare and Industrial customer setting, but also we’re setting our sights on expanding the reach this business can have, as consumers start to leave their home and we can create environments, partnering with businesses to keep them safe. So that’s what we’re focused on right now, is investing in the people to support that future growth, investing in the innovation to support that future growth, and of course investing in the brand, so that people continue to turn to the most trusted cleaning disinfecting brand with Clorox.
Linda Rendle: Yes, Wendy. Thanks for the question. We are committed to not taking pricing during the pandemic, it’s to do the right thing and we want to make sure consumers have our products at the right value. And so what we’re focused on right now, is a continued lean into our aggressive cost savings program that we’ve had for a number of years, to ensure that we have the fuel to manage the investments that we have and of course to manage any bumpiness we expect in commodities. But we do expect cost increases through the back half as you said, and we’re monitoring that environment closely. But again we are committed to ensuring that consumers have our brand during a recessionary time at the right value, not taking pricing during a pandemic and leveraging our cost savings program to manage through short-terms up and down.
Linda Rendle: Got it, Wendy. I think it would be helpful to step back and just talk a little bit about what we’re seeing in the macro environment, and why we have strong belief that we’re going to see a lot of these behaviors continue well into the future. We’re seeing consumers in the U.S. and around the world, cleaning much more frequently, cleaning new surfaces and of course cleaning both in and outside of the home and that is true for business customers as well, where they’re having to welcome people back to their businesses, with safe environment. From our research with consumers, they are telling us that they expect many of these behaviors to stick, regardless of whether or not, there is a vaccine or how long COVID goes on, because it’s a way to reassure their health and wellness and for them to feel safe. So we’re hearing from consumers that this is here to stay and we’ve seen evidence of that in past pandemics, as well as just bad cold and flu seasons, where people have adopted new behaviors. The other thing I would tell you, in addition to capacity supporting just that change in behavior, we also see significant growth opportunities that are brand new to our business. Expanding Clorox Disinfecting Wipes and international, if you step back, we’re in about 100 countries around the world with very little presence in disinfecting wipes. That’s a big opportunity for us, complete white space that as we built capacity, we can lean into that even further. And the other thing that I would talk about is, in the industrial space, there’s new technologies that we have, and we think those cleaning behaviors will need to change on a more permanent basis, to reassure people that it’s safe to enter those businesses. And so that’s the other thing I would just put in perspective. We can shift supply to the opportunities that are most poignant at the moment, as we move forward. And then of course Wendy, as you always know we’re really good at balancing and spending capital in a disciplined way, and we can make adjustments to our network, whether that be through in-housing or working with third party manufacturers as we move forward, and we’ve been very balanced in how we’ve approached this, so that we can do just that.
Linda Rendle: Yes. Thanks Jason. I’ll start with that. You know these investment levels are not a mandate in our business, they are a choice. And we’re choosing to lean into the momentum we see in our portfolio right now, behind some of what Kevin covered. Household penetration has more than doubled the amount of our portfolio that’s stable or growing. We have the highest ever consumer value measures, so – the percentage of people deem our products as superior. We are seeing people enter our categories at rates we’ve never seen before, and we are seeing repeat, although it’s early, strong. And so what we are trying to do by increasing our advertising and sales promotion spending, by increasing our admin spending, is about accelerating the long-term performance of the company, and that is what we are aspiring to do. And so it’s a choice, it’s not something that we have to do or that’s dictated by the market, and we think it’s a smart choice, because what it allows us to do, is hold on to new households and you know the customer acquisition is one of the toughest things we do in established categories that have high share. So we want to make sure that we’re doing that. We see additional places where we can grow household penetration in the U.S. and beyond in our categories, and we want to ensure we’re doing that. And then we want to support the behavior change that we see with consumers, whether it be in Health and Wellness, the fact that they’re drinking more water or taking more supplements. In hygiene, the fact that they are cleaning more, the fact that they are cleaning new surfaces and they are doing it and inside and outside of the home, supporting behaviors, as people stay at home. So people have been delighted by the fact they get to cook and they are actually enjoying more time around the family meal table and they are able to use different methods of cooking, like grilling, during the week, not just on the weekend or a special occasion. So we think of this investment in both administrative spending and in A&SP, support keeping those new consumers in, bringing additional people into our franchise, in hopes that we can accelerate the long-term performance. But I just want to be clear, it’s a choice, and it’s always a choice that we can revisit, if these behaviors are not as sticky, and we can optimize. One other fact I’d give you, Jason, because I think it’s important. We went back and looked at our spending. Recall that we put about $70 million of incremental spending in the back half of fiscal year ‘20, and the return on investment was extremely strong, and it gave us confidence to lean in, in fiscal year ‘21, that this is both a good short term spend and long-term spend.
Linda Rendle: Olivia, I will highlight two businesses. I will highlight Grilling and Glad as good examples of what we have done, and what our expectations are moving forward. So grilling more than doubled sales, as we talked about, and this was due mainly to strong consumption. We did see some inventory replenishment, but that was about a third of what we saw from a sales growth perspective. And what’s going on, are two factors that are coming together really nicely. We spoke about in our Investor Day in October, the fact that we were rebuilding our business plan on Grilling from the ground up. And that was based on business plans that we are in partnership with retailers to grow categories, and fundamentally reinventing our innovation program on grilling. And that has worked very well. You combine that with new behaviors we are seeing in the grilling category and that’s really where we got to the place, where we experienced double-digit sales growth. And what we are seeing from consumers is this, about three quarters of people, even as mobility has increased in the U.S., are continuing to cook at home and expect to continue to cook at home, as they move forward. We are seeing 50% of charcoal grillers, grill more during COVID, and the vast majority of those, expect to continue to grill more, regardless of whether or not COVID is around in the near future, or farther ahead. And the most exciting thing for us, is we are seeing grilling occasions become everyday meal occasions. So before, most of the time when people were grilling, it was for the weekends, gatherings outside for holidays, and now we are seeing the grill being used for everyday occasions, and we expect that trend to continue. So those two things coming together, a revival of our business plans, having the right merchandising plans in place, and there was very little price discounting during this entire period of COVID, and we still saw the volumes hold steady and the sales increase that we experienced. So we think that behavior is here to stay, and based on the innovation we have planned over the coming years, we anticipate that we will be able to meet these consumer behavior change needs and continue to grow the grilling category. And if we look at Glad, it’s a similar story. We were back focusing on the fundamentals of price gaps, innovation, ensuring that we have the right distribution, and that has paid off for us in addition to the consumer trends we’re seeing. So up digital double digits behind strong consumer demand, and this is really about consumer staying home more and cooking more. So what we have heard, is people are using more trash bags, because they’re generating more trash. So purchase frequency is up for Glad in particular, and about a third of households claim to be using, at least one full bag of kitchen trash per week. And as people have told us, they continue to cook at home, in the future, we expect that to continue. The other thing I would call out on Glad, is the innovation that supporting people through this time, as Lisah highlighted in her prepared comments, we launched Glad ForceFlex with Clorox and that’s doing extremely well. It’s early days, but we’re seeing really good consumer acceptance, as well as the Glad bags we launched in Q3, that are experiential with both [indiscernible] and color, those continue to have very strong velocities and are supporting consumers during this time. One other thing I would call out, which I think is exciting for this business, is we have seen household penetration increases in Glad, and we’ve seen higher household pen increases from low-income consumers. So we are offering them the right value at the right time, as they stay home. And if we look to the future and we think about what these businesses can do, we certainly see additional room for us, to grow household penetration, and for us to continue to retain those consumers, and that’s why we’re leaning in and investing in innovation and leaning in and investing in advertising. But what we would expect in the back half, as we lap a strong comp is, we would see that growth rate come down, but if you compare this period versus pre-COVID, say fiscal year ‘19 we’re still experiencing very strong growth.
Linda Rendle: For Grilling, we have mainly gotten back to a point where we are in supply, and given this is the smaller quarter for Kingsford coming up, just given seasonality, we think we are in a good position moving forward. We still have some work to do on Glad, and still have additional work to do on Vitamins Minerals and Supplements and Brita. So we are not out of the woods yet and what we will say is, it will be a staggered recovery across those businesses that we have remaining over the next two quarters.
Linda Rendle: Happy to. Yes, this supply chain was incredibly important for us to build it local, in-market, so that we could react to the opportunities we saw quickly, and we stood the supply chain up in just a matter of months, and we already have product shipping into countries today. We do have locations around the world, where we are supplying, because again we have business in Latin America and Asia, and so we are thinking about that expansion, ensuring that we have a distribution availability in that market. We also have designed this product from the ground up as well specifically for the consumer in those markets. So the needs can be a little bit different, depending on the country that you are in, the size of the wipe, the way that they want the lotion to feel. So again, did that within a matter of months and stood it up. We will continue to be flexible. Just as we have built this business in the U.S. over the last 20 years, as we expand in International, we will have all of those things under consideration, how much makes sense for us to have in-house, how much it makes sense to have with third-party suppliers. But the good news about this is, we find the supply chain to be scalable, and will lean in and pursue this opportunity aggressively, because we think our products can help so many more people around the world.
Linda Rendle: Sure Lauren. Happy to start on that one. So I think it’s safe to say that the relationship in our performance in tracked channels and on track is going to be less linear over time, and is certainly less linear in Q1. But I think it would be helpful to back up and just set the backdrop for what we’ve seen in fiscal year ‘20 and then specifically get into Q1 and then our expectations on this one moving forward. So if you back up in fiscal year ‘20 tracked channels for us as a total company, including international and our professional products business, represented about 60% of total company sales. 80% of total U.S. retail is in tracked channels. And what happened this quarter is, we had strong growth in professional products in international and that accounts for about a quarter of our sales growth, which of course is not accounted for in Nielsen as you highlighted. But if you looked at tracked and non-tracked channels, those growth rates were about the same at about 20%, and that makes sense, because we have been on allocation for a number of our businesses, so you would expect to see both of those at about the same rate. But as you mentioned, Kevin called out inventory, and as we started to replenish inventory and businesses like Kingsford, Brita, Bleach and Vitamins. Minerals and Supplements, that accounted for about two to three points this quarter of the disconnect. We also had a year ago inventory effect, if you think about grilling, because last year we had the inventory, this year we have low inventory and heavy sales that we were replenishing that consumption, and you saw a disconnect in Grilling. And then the one other thing I would call out for you Lauren is promotional periods versus year ago, and I would really caution everybody against using narrow time periods like a week or four weeks, because those periods have changed year-over-year and it causes noise in the data, as well as the fact that we were not merchandising anything in our cleaning and disinfecting portfolio, given our supply. So those two factors both inventory and promotional also contributed. And then going forward, we’d expect this disconnect to continue, because we expect strong growth from international, strong growth from professional products. And then as more consumers move online, more of that will be on track.
Linda Rendle: Sure. Jonathan, I think we can’t answer the question of folks, we have categories that don’t have relevant track share data that we can quantify so Professional Products is a good example and international. But I think if you look at all outlets, we are in a place where share is about flat right now and most of that is due to supply constraints and we would anticipate, if we were in a position to better supply across those categories, to see improvement on that, and I know you know that we hold all of our businesses accountable to growing share. So that’s what I would say about the first part of your question. And then, what I think about moving forward, and how we are anticipating looking at that we are trying to see, is in the very narrow buckets that we compete in, whether that be online or out of home, how are we doing in that individual space, because it’s hard to aggregate this and understand what we’re doing broadly. So we’re looking country by country. We are looking at specific channels in our professional business to see how we are doing, and then we are looking at online. Online specifically about two-thirds of our brands are number one share online, which lines up nicely with the rest of our portfolio, and we’re doing very well there. And that has to do with the early investments we made in e-commerce. We were one of the first to stand up a fully dedicated team on e-commerce pure play customers, as well as standing up integrated teams on our brick and click customers. So we’re in a very good position online, as consumers continue to move online, we will continue to invest there. And you know, the one other thing I would point out is, we have been spending over 60% of our dollars online for a number of years. So we are where shoppers are today, and that has helped contribute to that share expansion.
Linda Rendle: Thank you so much, Sharon. I feel great about our strong start to fiscal year ‘21 and look forward to another year of delivering value to all our stakeholders. Thank you so much everyone, and we will speak again on our next call in February. We hope you all stay well. Take care.
