Kevin Jacobsen: Sure Dara. And let me start with your first question, or as you mentioned we raised our long-term sales goal of 3% to 5% back in February. In terms of the timing that's part of our IGNITE strategy, which runs through 2025. And Dara how I see that playing out as we talked back in February and we have the same point of view, we expect our sales to be roughly flat in the back half of the year. And that's consistent with Q3. And as we get into fiscal year 2022, our expectation is we're going to be by the back half of the year back to our long-term raised sales outlook at 3% to 5%. So as you know, we've got some tough comps here for the next three quarters. But as we get through those comps by January, we were at this new elevated level. And that's really as we work through the next phase of this pandemic as we see higher vaccination rates, more mobility, we fully expect that we'll see a slowdown in demand for products that's expected. When we get to that new normalized level, we think we're back at this 3% to 5% rate going forward.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure. Hey Chris maybe I'll start and I'll turn it over to Linda as well. On your first question in regard to the impact of pricing, I'd tell you it's too early for us to start providing perspective. We're right in the middle right now of building our plans for fiscal year 2022. And as Linda said we're going to be looking at a number of different levers in terms of how we're going to work to offset the transportation and commodity cost increases we're seeing. Pricing will certainly be one of those levers but we'll be looking at a number of others as well. So, we'll update you on that one as we get further along with our plans in August. In regard to International just a perspective of International as you may have seen volume was down. I think it's worth noting we feel very good about the progress we're making on our cleaning and disinfecting work. And as Lisa mentioned in her prepared remarks, we continue to expand the number of countries we're introducing wipes into and we've added 30 countries now. Specifically, though in the third quarter, one of the challenges we had was in Canada. While we saw growth pretty broadly across our portfolio in Canada and if you're tracking that region, you may know they are now in their third lockdown. And in the Canadian market it's a little different than the US, in their lockdowns for items that are deemed non-essential. If you go into a retail outlet, in many cases, those aisles are blocked off where you can't shop them. And so as an example in third quarter we grew our cleaning and disinfecting business in Canada, but we saw pretty significant declines in other parts of our business. Our Brita business was down over 30%. Our Burt's Bees business is also down by a similar amount because consumers are not able to shop those aisles. Now, right now the lockdown they've announced goes through May 20th. So that has some knock-on effect as we move into our fourth quarter. But we expect as we get out of that lockdown, those businesses will rebound. But by and large, we feel very good about the progress on our cleaning and disinfecting portfolio internationally. And then Linda will talk a little bit about our professional business.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. Two things. On Q4, we don't provide quarterly guidance but what I can share with you is as we said for the full year we expect our gross margin to be down. For me that's likely about 100 bps on the full year basis. And as we mentioned back in February my expectation is it would be down to a lesser degree. As we've highlighted what's really changed for us is while transportation continues to be a challenging market for us. It's really resin that had the biggest impact really driven by the ice storm we saw back in February. When we talked back in February, during our previous earnings call, I had anticipated about 150 bps headwind from commodities in the back half of the year. I think that's going to be closer to 200 bps now in the back half. And you saw in Q3 in our attachments we provided about 170 bps in Q3. I think it will be higher in Q4. And I think it will probably peak in the front half of fiscal year '22 and then we'll start to see some softening. And so I think that's how it's going to play out this year in the near-term. And then your longer-term question on margin recovery, Linda just mentioned it. We are committed to growing EBIT margins 25 to 50 bps over the long-term. And so we're going to continue to aggressively work towards that goal. And as part of that is the actions we're talking about now as it relates to recovering these cost increases, pricing being one element of that, but we're going to be leaning into cost savings in many other areas as well. We'll work to recover margin. And then maybe last comment Steve that might be helpful. If I provide a broader perspective, if you think about our financial performance where we were before the pandemic at the end of fiscal year 2019 and where we're likely in this year on a two-year stack basis that's about a 100 bps increase in gross margin. And so we'll certainly be challenged this quarter and next quarter. If I take a long-term view we've improved the margins of the company about 100 bps over the last two years. And then as I said earlier, our goal is by the time we get to the back half of fiscal year 2022, we are delivering 3% to 5% sales growth. We're expanding margins. We're delivering earnings growth. So hopefully that gives you some perspective on our desire to quickly move through this challenging environment but make sure we're taking the necessary actions to put us on track for our long-term sales and profit goals in the back half of 2022.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yeah. Thanks Steve. On the two questions on Glad, I'd tell you think low to mid-single digits pricing action that will take effect in July. And as Linda said we'll evaluate if additional actions are necessary. And then on an adjusted EPS as you said, we introduced it for the first time this quarter. And, Steve, the intent is we really thought this would help as we provide both on a reported GAAP basis, but we also thought adjusted would help our investors as we've had two large noncash charges now. We have the gain in Q1 from our Saudi acquisition and we have the VMS impairment. And so we think giving that additional perspective is helpful. And particularly as you go into fiscal year 2022, continue to use adjusted allows you to have a better understanding of our operational performance as you're able to look past this one-time gain or one-time charge we have this year. So you should expect us to use that going forward.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Lauren, I wouldn't agree with playing games that characterization. We think that's helpful additional perspective. So to be clear, we'll continue to provide a reported GAAP basis estimate and we will provide an adjusted estimate as well. And again, we think both numbers are helpful and insightful for investors. We have a very large gain in Q1 and a large charge in Q2. We want to make sure our investors can understand our operational performance.  To your point, Lauren, there's a lot going on operationally. We want to make sure we can help investors understand that as clearly as possible. So setting those two items aside, we think is another insight to our business. It will be helpful. So that's why we introduced it and why we'll continue to use it going forward in '22. So as we look at our '22 performance, you can evaluate that versus our 2021 performance excluding these two items and really understand I think more clearly on an operational basis our performance year-over-year. 
Linda Rendle: Sure. I'll take that one. I'll start maybe with the big picture on what we're seeing as definitely tailwinds for us and we mentioned some of this in the script but with a little bit more color. We're definitely seeing consumer behavior trend sticky as we look over the mid to long-term. We're seeing hygiene continue to be that cornerstone of health for folks. And even as people are getting vaccinated and mobility is starting to increase, we're seeing people embrace those new cleaning behaviors as new routines. And they're both doing that inside and out of the home. In the business case, we're still seeing the need for higher disinfection as they welcome people back. But the issue has been depending on the market you're in and certainly we're seeing that in the U.S. mobility has not really increased the point where businesses are fully at capacity yet or even open in many cases. So we're seeing that both as a long-term headwind but as a short-term impact definitely to Q3. And we're looking to the future quarters to see how mobility will improve. I think the other things that we continue to see around people taking care of their health and wellness are persisting. We have a new installed base, for example, with Brita with a lot of people who purchased pitchers over the last period and we're seeing them continue with filter sales in their quest to be healthier and you take on good habits. Digital continues to persist and we think that will be a tailwind for our business as we've invested as you well-know more in digital marketing than the average in our industry leaning into that trend already. And then, of course, our strong position in e-com that we've built over many years and we continue to see that accelerate. And that's up to 14% of our business year-to-date. And then, the role of home continues to be a tailwind. And that was above our expectations in quarter three for sure. But we're seeing people persist, even as people have more mobility, people are eating more at home. And that what hasn't really changed at all, as people who were working from home during the pandemic are continuing to work from home. So we see that in our impact whether that be on our Kingsford business, on our Hidden Valley Ranch business or our trash business there's definitely positivity to that stay-at-home trend. So I think all of those are going to be tailwinds, as we look to the coming months and in the long-term. From a headwind perspective, supply chain has continued to be a challenge. And what we've done is gone after a tremendous amount of sales. We're a much bigger company than we were pre-pandemic. And that means that we have increased the complexity in our supply chain. We have a lot more nodes. We have a lot more third parties helping us. And then, what didn't help this quarter, of course were the weather disruptions that we experienced that caused quite a few force majeures in our products. And although we were managed -- able to manage through it, and deliver our overall commitment from a quarter three perspective, it's something we're watching really closely to see any volatility we have. But the supply chain being more expanded, continues to be something that we're watching, continues to be something that could be a help or a hinder as we look forward.
Linda Rendle: Absolutely, so as Kevin highlighted and Lisah highlighted in their scripts, absolutely seeing the inflationary pressure, as I think the entire ecosystem is now across our industry and from a retailer perspective as well. And what we have our sights set on is how, do we get to that long-term EBIT margin goal we have of 25 basis points to 50 basis points, from an accretion perspective. And the way we approach it, is very holistic. We're looking across a robust toolbox to address this, things like margin accretive innovation. And we have a terrific innovation program, that started at the beginning of this year and is continuing as we launch incremental innovations in Q4, net revenue management, pricing and that will include both, list price increases and trade reductions. And then, of course, our relentless focus on cost savings. So we're employing that entire toolbox right now, across all of our businesses. And we're coming from a place of strength in this. Our brands are strong right now. We have never had a higher consumer value measure. Household penetration is strong. We're seeing strong repeats. So we're feeling confident in that. And we're evaluating our ability to take price across all businesses. But I'll tell you, we will be very surgical and targeted in this. We're going category-by-category because we're -- of course we're weighing the broader environment. And we want to be measured in that. But I -- the message I want you to hear is we're looking at it very broadly across our portfolio. And what we're really focused on is executing by category with excellence.
Linda Rendle: Thanks Chris. I'll start. So we have confidence in our brands and the strength right now and that is absolutely inclusive of Glad. And all of the investment that we put in, in terms of incremental advertising, what we put in from an innovation perspective and how consumers have turned to our brands during this time, continue to give us confidence in our ability to take pricing. I think what we're also seeing this time versus what we saw last time is a broader inflationary environment that really is pretty systemic throughout the industry and what everyone is experiencing. So as you mentioned, we've seen competitors move in categories like Glad. I think Glad in particular, I'll just highlight we have already come up with that price increase that's effective in July. But given the volatility and the increases we're seeing in the resin market, we are looking at will we take even additional pricing in Glad based on what we've seen. So again we want to be -- let the cost pressures guide us. We're doing this for the mid to long term but we're seeing extraordinary circumstances in resin right now that are helping us to go faster on Glad. What you should take away on the other brands is not that we are not looking at with price increases. We look at that -- first of all we do that annually as a company to understand our position. But right at this moment, we're looking at that. But what I want you to hear is the way that we do that across the brands needs to be holistic. So some will include those price increases, others will not. And what you'll hear us apply to every business is cost savings. You'll hear us think about how we can have margin accretive innovation across every business, but less price increases we'll be very targeted on, but again evaluating across our entire portfolio. And I think from an on-shelf and a retailer perspective, we're working on category growth plans with them. And we're lapping a very strong period of growth. And as you think about the lower promotion question, what we're trying to do is get to a more normalized state of promotion. And it's still although accelerated versus where it was in Q2, it's still well below pre-pandemic levels. And as we lap that growth there's little incentive to put a bunch of deep discounting out in the system and we're working on growth plans. So that's how we're thinking about the lower promotions in the context of the environment, is that we all have strong growth to lap. And of course, we want to make sure that consumers that we continue to lean into them and invest behind the tailwinds. And that could mean a lower promotional environment. So we're watching that closely and again it will depend on the category. But the overall sentiment would be, keeping it as rational as we can and using promotion for what it's intended for to drive trial and to get consumers to keep us curious. 
Linda Rendle: Yes. I think professional is a unique part of our portfolio because it really is tied very heavily to mobility. And if you think about this, it has to really do with the comparison period. So, last quarter three, businesses hadn't shut down by the -- in that point even though we saw consumer takeaway in the retail side for the most part businesses were open. So, we had a very strong comparison period to lap. And in contrast to that this quarter most businesses continue to remain closed. And you have to recall too we have a very established business when it comes to professional. This is not just about the new opportunities, but we've been cleaning these businesses for years and years. It's about 7% of the company before this growing strongly mid-single to high single-digits and so that really had an impact. And I think if you look broader across the professional space, not just ours, they're seeing the same trends broadly in that industry. But if you take a step back the trends continue. The partners that we've had as we brought on in the new out-of-home space continue to see the benefits of offering their guests a clean and disinfected space branded by Clorox and we continue to expand those partnerships and bring new ones on. The two-year stack on this business is up 17% so very strong growth on top of strong growth for many years. And we continue to have conviction in the long term. The reality is consumers need that reassurance that spaces are clean. We know businesses want to provide that to them so they can get back to growing again. And we have a terrific new suite of innovation that we're excited about that's coming in quarter four including expanding our electrostatic sprayer business with both new forms and chemistries. So feel really good about the long term of this business. There's a lot of noise in the short term, as most of the professional spaces out there have encountered, but no change to our outlook for the future.
Linda Rendle: Sure Nik. Just starting with disinfecting, we continue to see really strong behavior changes from consumers. But we did anticipate to experience as people became vaccinated behavior is changing. And we did see that curve move up slightly. So as people got vaccinated, it just happened a little earlier. And frankly, vaccines happened earlier than we had anticipated. So that's normal. We expected that as we go forward. But the key takeaway is versus prepandemic levels cleaning behaviors are still significantly elevated. And we continue to expect them to be into the future. And we're hearing that from consumers. We're seeing that in their buying habits and continue to feel confident about our ability to -- for these growth areas in cleaning and disinfecting to get us to our 3% to 5% growth rate moving forward. I think as it particularly comes to market share, just to be really clear, we are not happy. Whether it be supply related et cetera, we want to grow share. And that is our goal and we want to do that over the mid- to long term. This really does have -- it's primarily driven with supply, particularly in cleaning and disinfecting. Not only did we have the weather-related issues, but as we talked about the more that we expand our supply chain, the more nodes that it has, the more risk it introduces. And that really impacted our ability to lap a very, very strong period that of course included the depletion of all the inventory across the system last quarter three. As we look forward to supply though, we're optimistic. We've made good progress and we anticipate substantial improvement in the next four months. And we plan to be in stock on most businesses in cleaning including wipes by the end of Q1. And what consumers are already experiencing is better than what they've experienced for the months premium to that. They're going to the shelf and they're finding something from Clorox which is good to see. And then we anticipate being fully in stock across our Cleaning business by the end of Q2. So that includes some things like sprays and some of the other items that are still supply constrained. When it comes to market share moving forward, supply is going to help, but the other thing is innovation. And we have a terrific suite of innovation in quarter four that retailers are really excited about. And that includes reintroducing things that we had to put on pause. Scentiva that was a large growth platform for us prior to the pandemic, we are starting to ship that again. Compostable wipes are also back in market again. And we know they had a strong start prior to the pandemic and we'd expect them to continue. And then, we're also going to be expanding our disinfecting floor mopping business that we had started right at the beginning of the pandemic. And we expect broad distribution on that. In addition, we're launching brand-new to the space innovations, including paper towel wipes, a brand-new Clorox non-bleach all-purpose cleaner, and then building off of our electrostatic business, that's already at over $100 million in sales and launching new forms and new chemistries kind of brand-new to the market. So, a great suite of innovation that we're working with retailers on and that's what we're focused on innovation and growing the category. And that's resonated really well.
Linda Rendle: Yes. Nik, why don't I give a little bit of background too? I think that would be helpful then to talk about what we're planning to do just as a backdrop. As Kevin mentioned in his remarks, we bought a bunch of small brands through two acquisitions, three to five years ago. These were small brands very strong in the then fast-growing natural channel. And we expected them to grow consistent with what we're seeing in that broader category, high-single-digits to low-double-digit growth, and of course, getting a shorter time to synergies. The underperformance is related to what we bought. So channel headwinds have been a big component of that. Natural went from plus 8% at the time we bought it to a headwind at negative 5%. And that's only accelerated given the pandemic and what we're seeing in retail consolidation. We're also very heavily weighted in probiotics and that category has been fragmented. It slowed down given the massive amount of people who've been launching probiotics in other forms, in food, et cetera, and then certainly higher competition as people have entered that attractive space. And then, just given the size of the brands that we bought, we realize it's going to take a longer time and more investment to get there. So, what do we do looking to the future? It starts with the fact that we have really good conviction in the strength of the category and the tailwinds that we see from a consumer perspective. Those remain very strong. People are continuing to do things to take care of their health and wellness, and vitamins and supplements are absolutely part of that. So with that, I'll give you what I can talk about in the strategy at a high level and we'll welcome talking about more detail coming up in the future. But what we're really focused on is first making sure that we have the right category knowledge and we feel great about that. We have a better understanding of how the category works and how we need to operate with those small brands in it. We've hired new industry talent that has a lot of experience in this space and they've helped us to get clear on that. And we've refreshed our strategy, and particularly around our portfolio and how we win with those brands moving forward. And so with that, and I know Nik you probably want more details on that, but we'll have more to share later. We fully expect to be able to get to company accretive, sales and profit over the long-term. But we've built in a slow ramp-up period as we think about that, because it's going to take some time to do what we plan to do on these brands and get to a place where they're delivering that type of accretive growth for us as a company.
Linda Rendle: Thanks. I'll take those in turn and we'll start with the Glad pricing question that you had. So we announced that price increase to the trade in March and it will be effective in July. And as I said previously, we are though looking at given the continued inflation that we're seeing with resin would we want to take an additional action on Glad. And that we're still contemplating and we don't have news to share on timing on that. But the round that we just announced will be effective in July and then it will pass through. And we'll see retailers change prices on shelf as they do that. As it relates to your broader comment on pricing that really is category specific and it has to do with the timing. These businesses have different seasonal aspects to them. They have different promotional plans. They have different innovation plans. And so I don't have any more to share on timing on any of those categories, but I just want you to take away that we are looking at it across every category. We -- but we will be doing this category-by-category and it really has to do with those dynamics that we're experiencing, and of course, the broader plan. And I also want you to take away what we are absolutely doing on every category right now is cost savings and we're going back. We're pleased to be on track to deliver our cost savings target for the year. And we're looking at what other places could we plus that up across all of our businesses. And then of course, innovation is the same. But as we have more news on pricing we'll share it. But at this point it's Glad and news that we're looking at would there be additional action we'd want to take on Glad given what we're seeing in resin. And then as your question on supply chain, professional has some shared supply chain as does a small portion of international with our US retail cleaning business, but they also have components that are completely separate. But they are largely expected to recover on the same timing that we have from retail. Although, international I would say at this point particularly with wipes given we have a dedicated supply chain, we're not at a point that we're constrained in the vast majority of our International businesses because of that dedicated supply chain.
Linda Rendle: Yes. As we spoke about at CAGNY against our goal to accelerate long-term profitable growth, and get to that 3% to 5% sales range, we anticipate stronger growth from international. And that really is behind building a global Clorox cleaning brand, which we had to start to, but we think we can help serve more consumers around the world. And the idea would be, of course, wipes is an important part of that portfolio, but really looking broadly across the set of cleaning products that we have, strengthening our innovation across the Clorox brand. And that can include things like sprays, like you mentioned that we would be able to do that. So that's exactly what we're looking at as we enter markets, what's the right product lineup and where can we leverage innovation to expand our presence in those markets behind the Clorox brand.
Linda Rendle: I'll start. When we look at the strength of our brands, we always focus on consumer value as the measure, we look at to determine the strength of our brands and our ability to take pricing, because of course consumer value is composed of the strength of the brand that we have. It's comprised of the product and how people experience that versus competitive products. And of course, pricing is a function of that as well. And we're looking at that triangle that that forms to say, what is the right mix by category by sub-segment to deliver that right value for consumers and we're always trying to optimize that. So we take that into account as we think about it. Given the fact that, we have higher consumer value than we've ever had since we began measuring it that implies, the strength of our brands that they have ability to take price. And as we strengthen our innovation program, as we've leaned in to spend 11% behind our brands this year, and keep them strong that was one of the questions we've got a lot of is, why would you invest during a time when people want your brands already? And it was about building that brand strength and equity over the long-term. So that we have ability to introduce them to new products, as they demand it, and of course take pricing as we need to. So we're taking that into account. I would say, regardless of pricing, these consumer behaviors are here to stay. Consumers have absolutely shown a willingness to pay during this time to keep themselves safe and well through, all of their behaviors whether that be cleaning, drinking more water et cetera. And also as they start to eat at home, we've seen lots of trends around consumers having meal experiences. They've invested in grills, and they've invested in that long-term behavior. So we feel really good about our ability to do both, which is continue to take advantage of the trends that we're seeing, but also price where it's appropriate to recover margin.
Linda Rendle: Sure. I think, if you look -- if you -- maybe I'll take a step back and talk about what we're seeing overall and what we've seen in the past because, I think we're operating from a really strong base. I'm not sure, how clear this was in the past. If you take a step back and look at our retail cleaning business, prepandemic that was a place of strength for us. We were growing mid-single digits in both topline and bottom line in the retail cleaning business for a number of years. So if you look at the five-year CAGR prepandemic, that was mid-single digits. So we were starting from a place of strength. And we see that continuing as we move to the future and we see -- building off of that. So if that gives you an idea of what we're thinking about, it will be above the company average is what we're anticipating, given the fact that it's a place where consumer tailwinds are working, where we think innovation is going to play a really big role because consumer needs have changed. And then again, that investment and we've long been investing in the Clorox brand, but we've increased that during this pandemic. And we think it's going to be pretty solid from a behavior perspective, as we move forward as we combine all of those things.
Linda Rendle: Hey, Lauren, I'll take that one. Thanks for the question and try to provide some clarity on this one because I know it's really complex. Maybe taking a step back would help on this one just to get clear on what we experienced in cleaning and what we think we drove pre-pandemic, what we're seeing now, which again we're not satisfied with. And then how we see this playing out over the coming months and years as we get to a more normalized state.  So first big picture, if we step back and look at our retail cleaning business, it's actually been a great area of strength for us. I mentioned a little earlier that, we had strong growth. So if you look at the five-year CAGR pre-pandemic, we grew that business mid-single digits both top and bottom line. And that corresponded to an overall share increase in home care of two points from fiscal year '13 through 2019. So that was something that we've been investing in. We had been really trying to expand the Clorox brand. We had a strong focus on innovation. We have launched Scentiva during that time. We had done improvements on a broad range of our portfolio. So it's been a nice area of strength for us.  I think as you dive into the individual segments, Lauren, you do get to what you said which is there are ups and downs. And sprays is an incredibly complex fragmented category. So while we were winning in a lot of the particular segments that we are strong in, it could be true that in other ones we weren't. And we have a very strong spray business to your point outside of track channels, which is about 50% of our business. So -- in aggregate. So we -- I feel like we walked into this pandemic in a strong way from a Clorox perspective. There's always work to be done in individual segments as you highlighted. But overall, we were winning in Home Care. And as we look to the future I think a lot of those elements are going to continue to resonate, but we're going to ramp them up. One, the strength of that Clorox brand. It's why we've invested so much this year behind that and increased the spending. We're on track to spend across the company another $125 million in advertising and sales promotion this year, why we've ramped up innovation. And I mentioned the innovations that are worth repeating; reintroducing Scentiva, compostable wipes are back on shelf; disinfecting floor mop costs, which is a brand-new incremental category for us to compete in; having new offerings in Clorox sprays that aren't bleach and that's a first for us as well as paper towel wipes and then broadly expanding against our new electrostatic business that we really created from nothing a number of years ago with some partnership. So I feel terrific about what we have in place to continue to meet consumer needs. I am not happy Lauren with where we are share-wise. None of us are, but we feel confident in our ability to get back into that share growth as supply continues, again which is the majority of the issue. But we're laser-focused on that consumer value metric innovation and investing behind the Clorox brand. 
Linda Rendle: Sure, Kevin. 11% for this year was something we had a lot of passion and conviction on given the fact that we're seeing so many people enter our brands. And we wanted to create that loyal consumer base moving forward. And we wanted to give them the right product information that they needed during such a trying time for everybody, but also give them new solutions as people had different challenges to solve. And innovation and advertising play a really important role in that. So for this year, we are on track to spend 11% as you highlighted and we have a strong spend coming up here in Q4. And that is behind the new innovations that we've launched. And I think you'll recall probably from previous conversations that our goal was to double the amount of advertising we spent on innovation this year to welcome people into those new product experiences and create loyalty and trial. As we look forward -- and let me comment on ROI, before I say we move forward. That's something that we're tracking real-time and getting information and insights on. And what I can say is the ROI continues to be very strong and that's why we continue to spend, and we're seeing it translate into results from a consumer-metric perspective. So continue to have incredibly high household penetration. We have household penetration gains across a number of our categories. We're seeing loyalty strengthen. So retention rates growing, repeat rates growing on both core users and new users. We're seeing consumers buying larger quantities more often. So all of the things that we would attribute to to long-term consumer metrics that show the health of the brand, the advertising drives, we're seeing that not only just the strong ROI but those metrics increase that are important to us to talk about loyalty. As we move forward, we don't have a prescribed number whether it be 10% 11%. But what I can say is we're committed to investing in our brands. And we'll continue to optimize what that right level of spending is depending on exactly like you highlighted market shares, depending on the innovation programs we have. But what you should hear from us is we will continue to invest in our brands. And we'll – as we update and give you a perspective for 2022 and beyond, we'll communicate what that exact number looks like. But you heard our continued commitment to advertising as a strong lever to help us get to our 3% to 5% over the long term.
Linda Rendle: Very good. All right. Thanks again, everyone. We look forward to speaking to you again on our next call in August. Until then, please stay well.
Steve Powers: Hey guys. Thanks. A couple of questions for me. The first one is just, as we think about the Health and Wellness segment factoring in what you guys are seeing or envisioning as the new normal level of consumption coming out of the pandemic, as well as your improved ability to supply, I guess I'm just trying to gauge, what you think the kind of the average absolute run rate of sales in that segment is likely to be as the new base? You've obviously been running $800 million plus for the last several quarters. And then, this quarter came down below $700 million. And I'm trying to sense, do you think the -- do you think this is the new normal level of consumption? Does it bounce back and meet somewhere in the middle? Just how you're thinking about that as we go forward.
Steve Powers: Okay. Okay. I can work with that. I guess shifting gears to gross margin. I guess there are two things here. The depth of what I think your guidance implies for the fourth quarter is something like a 600 basis point -- 600-plus basis point contraction in the fourth quarter if my math is correct. You can correct me if it's not. I guess, what I'm -- what I -- coming that's question number one I guess of this. But the second part is just trying to gauge your sense of urgency of building that back. Obviously, you're taking pricing in Glad, looking at pricing elsewhere as you made clear. But are you -- do you would you be satisfied with kind of a more elongated Glad path of margin recovery, or is this something that you're eager to claw back as we think about the first half of '22? I'm just trying to A, size the level of contraction and then B, gauge your sense of urgency in getting it back. 
Steve Powers: No it does. I appreciate it. If I could squeeze in -- just to build on that. I don't think you specified exactly across the Glad portfolio, how impactful this announced price increase is? Is there any quantification you could offer on the actions that you have planned for July? That would be helpful. And then you did something different for Clorox and moving to an adjusted EPS quantification for fiscal 2021. I guess, there's like a -- it sounds like there's a $0.03 to $0.04 amortization charge that is in GAAP, that is not in your adjusted number. And I guess is the intention beyond fiscal 2021 to move to an adjusted, or should we think about as we think about sizing up your fiscal 2022 guidance moving back to GAAP and layering back in that $0.15 for the year? Thank you.
