Benno O. Dorer: Thank you, Steve, and hello, everyone. Here's what we hope you will take away from today's call. First, we are very pleased with the continued strong top-line growth, particularly in an environment where growth is so hard to come by. The key focus for Clorox remains driving good growth – growth that's profitable, responsible and sustainable for the long term. Driving good growth is important because it means we're winning with the consumer. We're winning with the customer. We're running an operation that is effective and efficient, and we're creating shareholder value. We've been keenly focused on doing just that through innovation, distribution expansion and incremental demand-building investments behind our brands. We have significantly increased our marketing support across digital, trade promotion and other marketing mediums to nurture our growth brands and drive our right to win. And our strong Q1 growth on top of strong year-ago growth is the direct outcome of this deliberate and strategic approach. Second, in the midst of an intensely competitive environment we have momentum on our brands and we're staying the course. In the U.S., our business is healthy and we intend to continue driving it by offering superior value to consumers supported with excellent retail execution, which is something that's a hallmark for us. Notably, and very consistent with our strategy, we are particularly pleased to have completed Q1 with more than two-thirds of U.S. net customer sales growing household penetration. Increasing household penetration is a strong indicator of healthy business growth. In international, we're staying the course. We're stemming headwinds from foreign exchange and inflation with our Go Lean strategy. We're taking a long-term view of the business to improve profitability while making select investments in key growth markets. And I feel very good about the future of our international business, recognizing the fundamental strength of our brands in many countries. Finally, we are taking a long-term view to invest in growth that is profitable and sustainable and to continue to deliver strong ROIC and cash flow to create long-term value for our shareholders. Examples include that we are investing in value-added innovation and have a robust collection of launches teed up for the second half of this fiscal year. We also remain focused on smart investments with solid ROIs, ensuring our demand-creation dollars work harder for us every year. We will continue our focus on productivity and cost savings to fund our investments, improve our margins and reduce selling and administrative expense. And while only a few months in, we feel very good about our Renew Life acquisition and the opportunity we have to make a difference to the business through our 3D brand-building capabilities and through the brand scalability and distribution expansion potential. And with that, let's open it up for your questions, please.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Wendy, this is Benno. Just to put it in perspective, as Steve noted, category growth was somewhat lower over the last 13 weeks due to the promotional activity that we're seeing. Recall that commodities were still somewhat of a tailwind for us this quarter and therefore it didn't surprise us to see promotional activity across several of our categories, in particular perhaps Glad Trash and the Disinfecting Wipes to be higher and depress that category growth somewhat. We did not see any particular pantry stocking, so that's, again, I expect that this promotional activity is going to subside over time as we expect commodities costs to firm up later on in the fiscal year. And what Steve also did was to point towards the particularly strong growth that we've seen in non-tracked channels. So again, this is an example where category growth in tracked channels really just tells part of the story of what's happened this quarter, given that we've seen such outsized growth on a number of our brands in non-tracked channels. And Steve mentioned some of those and they include but are not limited to Disinfecting Wipes, Brita, Burt's Bees. So we're feeling good about the total top-line momentum that we have, as is evidenced by the strong volume and sales growth in the last quarter.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, recall, Wendy, that a lot of our purchases in categories that were in routine purchases, so people are not necessarily buying more trash bags or buying more bleach just because it is on sale. What it therefore does do is keep volumes somewhat unchanged and depress the sales growth. And that's exactly what we've seen in tracked channels. It also gives us certainly ammunition to continue the conversations that we have with retailers that price promotion, as we've noted to you and certainly to retailers in the past, don't really add value in our categories. And that over time we expect the promotional spend in our categories to subside and our competitors to return to perhaps more rational behavior that drives our categories the right way, which is certainly something that we're focused on. And the right way means investing in our brand equities and investing in value-added innovation.
Benno O. Dorer: Lipsticks was launched in Q3 of fiscal year 2016, so take a little bit until that laps. But keep in mind that we are continuing to drive innovation on that business, and we certainly also have innovation planned for the back half of this fiscal year. Specific to your question on lipsticks, that continues to do very well. As we speak, we have started to do TV advertising for this brand, and the early returns are really strong. And we expect that initiative to continue to grow in its year two and year three post its launch. We view cosmetics in general as a potential growth platform for the Burt's business, and we'll invest behind that. And lipsticks in particular has been very well received by consumers but also by the press. Notably, we've gained two lipsticks of the year awards by two leading magazines, Cosmopolitan and Allure, and consumers really follow the recommendations that publications like those two make. And we are feeling good about this launch and think that doing TV advertising as we're doing now is another down payment in the long-term success, not only of Burt's Bees cosmetics but the Burt's Bees franchise as a whole.
Benno O. Dorer: Yes. For clarification, what I said is more than two-thirds of our U.S. volume or our U.S. net customer sales grew household penetration. And it's really broad-based, Steve. Notably it does exclude Renew Life because we do not know what the household penetration was last quarter – last year, sorry. But really, really broad-based with a skew towards our growth businesses, which is what you'd expect and also tells you that our portfolio momentum accelerator, which is to eventually invest in those businesses that have a stronger right to grow, is really paying off well. But broad-based, certainly Disinfecting Wipes continues to grow household penetration, but I would point out that the Clorox brand as a whole is perhaps the shining star here and that is not limited to Disinfecting Wipes but also includes toilet bowl cleaners and sprays. We have grown our Clorox brand into four million more households over the last year and that is really unique in an environment like this when so many brands in our categories competitively are struggling to gain new households. So we feel good about our ability to connect with consumers based on innovation, based on the change in our marketing approach and the increased focus on digital and the investments that we are making in our brands with the particular focus also on offering superior value to consumers. So really broad-based and feeling good about that. Broad-based, when I say that, maybe a last word, also does mean that it includes our fuel businesses. As you know, we have differentiated the way we classify our portfolio into fuel and growth businesses and we've seen notable household penetration growth also in our fuel businesses, which tells you that also fuel businesses have a right to grow and we're certainly focused on growth in those businesses as well.
Benno O. Dorer: Well, Ali, I'm going to take that. First of all, I think where we're going to see that shift remains to be seen, yeah? So I would certainly say that we're watching that, but we'll have to let this play out. Again, I would point to our sales growth, right? So investing in our brands and investing in sales growth and making sure it's profitable is what it's about, and I think that's what we're doing particularly well. And we're doing that in categories that reasonably are flat more recently, and we have shown that we can grow 8% volume and 6% in currency-neutral growth in an environment where growth is very hard to come by. And that's because our recipe continues to be to invest in our brands. Our innovation is, as you know, margin-accretive, and we have a lot of innovation out there right now and particularly a robust innovation program in the back half. So for us, as we look at the pricing environment and the retail environment, it's frankly relatively stable. And what retailers continue to want is growth, and they want growth the right way. And that's what we're delivering for them, which is why as you look at assortment, shelving, merchandising, in-store, we're winning the game with retailers right now. And we're investing for the long term to continue to do that.
Benno O. Dorer: And on your distribution question, Lauren, so the first objective we certainly have is to maintain and build on the strength that the brand has and enjoys in the natural channel, and we are doing that well. And then the second opportunity is to make stores and food, drug, mass, so our traditional strongholds retailers, where as a company we have very strong capabilities and a strong track record of success. We are doing a nice job to expand distribution there and we are starting to see the benefits of that. But by no means are we done with that, but we're certainly pleased with the progress. This business is doing exactly what we hoped it would do. We are starting with distribution expansion. As time goes by, we will then plug in our marketing and innovation machine and we are certainly looking very closely at the international business as well. One example that Steve Austenfeld mentioned earlier was the really noteworthy growth we've had in the Canadian business and we think that there's a lot more to come. So this is a good acquisition for us that's on track and doing exactly what we hoped it would do for us.
Benno O. Dorer: Yes. So Olivia, the spend by quarter is certainly going to vary, so I wouldn't read too much into Q1. What we said is that for this fiscal year we think we have about the right spend and we expect advertising sales promotion to be in the 10% range, which is consistent with last year and certainly increased versus previous years. So feeling good about the ROI that we are getting across all of the buckets and have a really disciplined process in place that allows our businesses to measure ROI across all buckets including digital on at least a once-a-quarter basis and then shift dollars around. And again, the best way for me to perhaps look at ROIs and show that the ROIs are really solid is to go back to the growth that we are seeing in so many of our businesses, which has really been broad-based this last quarter across all U.S. segments and even in international. So feeling good about the ROI that we are seeing and, again, as mentioned perhaps also the past, we leave it to the general managers to decide where they want to spend based on where they see the ROIs. And that could mean that in the business like Burt's Bees we're investing in television because driving awareness behind initiatives like Burt's Bees lipsticks deliver strong return. On businesses like Cat Litter, we're investing in store to drive awareness behind the Fresh Step With Febreze innovation that's been working well for us in store. And then some other businesses like Hidden Valley and perhaps Brita we're spending the dollars more online, including e-commerce, and we're seeing really solid results there. So feeling good about the ability to be nimble and flexible and shifting the dollars to where we're seeing the ROIs. And again, I would point to the strong top-line growth as a proof point.
Benno O. Dorer: So if I look at Glad, the volume's been flat after really several quarters of solid growth. And I'd also point to really a comp matter perhaps on that business because if you look at fiscal year 2016, the first quarter, we had a very strong quarter year ago with sales up mid-to-high single digits and profit up very significantly, very highly into the double digits. So I would look at perhaps the year-ago quarter as the main issue here. I certainly expect better results in the coming quarters. As we've noted, competitive price promotions are depressing the category and perhaps also the share. And what we're focused on is being balanced here, certainly responding in kind and we're not afraid to invest in the defense of our brands where we think that's the right thing to do to set a strong signal to competitors that we're not letting them steal share at our expense by spending and price promotions. But we're staying balanced and we're staying focused on long-term profitable growth. So how you see that is that we certainly are accepting temporary share losses, in particular in the lower-profit and lower-price segment. The good news is, as Steve Austenfeld noted, the OdorShield premium segment is still growing. We have strong innovation plans in place for the back half, and we expect the trade promotion activity to subside as commodities firm up over time in the back half. So if you look at this business over a longer period of time, perhaps the last 10 to 12 years, there have been these ups and downs, as you noted, Olivia. But if you look at the long-term trends, they've been very favorable and positive, and we know how to deal with situations like these where commodities are lower and competitive spend is elevated. But if history is a teacher, which we expect it to be, than this will subside and then our balanced and marketing and innovation-driven strategy will continue to succeed.
Benno O. Dorer: As a total percentage of sales, Bill, it's about three points, even though, as we've noted in the past, it's much higher than that on selected businesses like Burt's and Brita and also the Professional business. We don't comment typically on specific growth rates on businesses like for any given quarter, but it continues to do very well as we invest and as we continue to win with customers, be it Amazon or be it Walmart.com or Staples.com. We continue to be bullish about this business. As you know, we've been able to double the business over the last three years and we think we can at minimum do the same once again over the next three years and we are investing behind that.
Benno O. Dorer: If you look at the non-tracked channels, it really varies category by category. Look, a lot of the non-tracked channels frankly tend to be less promotionally-driven, right? They tend to be more everyday low price, Joe. So it's hard for me to quantify this in numbers, but off the top my head what I would say is that there's less price promotion in the non-tracked channels. Think about non-tracked channels, e-commerce, home hardware, club, tend to be more everyday low price-focused.
Benno O. Dorer: To be very honest, I would have to look it up. It's a level of detail that I would need to look at. I mean, certainly I would expect that in channels where promotional spending happens that are non-tracked, I would think that we're seeing the same phenomenon in non-tracked channels as we are seeing in tracked channels. It's hard for me to give you any highly qualified perspective on what specifically it was in those channels over the last quarter.
Benno O. Dorer: We've noted earlier, Joe, that Disinfecting Wipes is one of the businesses where we have seen more competitive price promotions. I will tell you, though, that this is a business where we are continuing to win in club and beyond and the best way to express that is in the strong share growth that we've seen in the category over the last quarter and the double-digit sales growth that we've seen even beyond the specific club retailer that you alluded to. So we are winning because we are investing in gaining household penetration, which is working well. We're investing in marketing dollars and we are by far the leading investor in brand equity type of channels in this category. And we continue to invest in innovation, which has been very successful, in particular Clorox Disinfecting Wipes with Micro-Scrubbers continues to do very well and keeps growing. So it's a fortress of ours, and we're defending the fortress and we're growing it. And we're winning in the marketplace in club and beyond.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, thank you. In closing, we're very pleased that our investments continue to drive momentum and growth in the first quarter on top of the strong growth we enjoyed a year ago. We remain confident in our strategy and the health of our core business, and we remain focused on making investment choices that are right for the long term. Thank you all for joining us today.
Wendy C. Nicholson: Hi. Good afternoon. Could you talk about one of the comments you said at the beginning, Steve, was category growth was unhealthy, in your words I think, due to the higher level of promotional activity. But can you talk about how that is driving volume or velocity, if you will, among those categories? Because I guess what I'm wondering is, number one, if oil prices are headed higher, what do you expect? Or have you started to see any changes in that competitive activity? But number two, do you think there has been pantry stocking on the part of consumers because there hasn't been so much promotional activity? Just if you could talk about that comment maybe a little bit more that would be great.
Wendy C. Nicholson: It just strikes me as strange that category growth is lower than you would expect because there is a higher level of promotional activity. In other words, the discounting or the price promotions are that high that it's not being compensated for by higher volumes. That's just intuitively – usually, there's an acceleration in category growth when there's a lot of promotional activity.
Wendy C. Nicholson: Fair enough. And then just the second follow-up question I had is on Burt's Bees specifically. Can you remind us, the Lifestyle segment has been a little bit volatile over the last couple of quarters. When are you lapping the launch of lipsticks? Because I know that was a big deal for that brand. It's a small brand but still I think it was a big initiative. When are you launching that? And where are we in terms of how much more distribution is there for that product and brand extension, if you will? Thanks.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah, so Renew Life contributed about two points to both volume and sales growth for the company as a whole. Turning to sales on Renew Life for the Household segment, it contributed about six points to sales growth for the Household segment.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, so just starting with the trade spending, yes, we do plan to continue to invest in trade to kind of support the innovation, particularly our second-half innovation that we are pretty excited by. So those numbers will continue. Regarding manufacturing and logistics, in the first quarter it is was about a 220-point drag on gross margin. Now, I would not have you project this forward for the full year because included in the 220 points, in addition to inflationary pressures in international and the U.S., which we do expect to continue, it also includes some one-time investments we are making behind our cost-savings programs and our growth initiatives. And to be specific, that's about 60 basis points. And we are feeling good about the investments we are making. We think they're going to generate nice returns going forward, but I think that number is a bit elevated in the first quarter just because of these investments we're making.
Stephen M. Robb: Let me try to answer your first quarter question and highlight what we had previously communicated. So Renew Life contributed about two points of sales growth for the company in the first quarter, which was offset, by the way, with about two points of foreign currency. As it relates to Clorox Disinfecting Wipes, the incremental distribution at club, the net customer sales was less than a point. So nice contributor to the sales growth but certainly not the biggest contributor to the sales growth.
Stephen M. Robb: So, Ali, you've got a couple of questions in here. Let me see if I can take each in turn. First, starting with pricing. Our fiscal 2017 outlook, as we'd previously communicated and this remains unchanged, we are taking pricing but it's primarily in our international business where we're seeing higher rates of inflation. And importantly, where we are taking the pricing, it's sticking in the market. I think longer term, we continue to believe we've got pricing power in our U.S. brand equities given the health of those brands and the investments we've been making. If inflation does in fact ramp up over the long term, I don't think we're afraid to take pricing to protect our margins. But at this point, it certainly wouldn't be our preferred option. And let's get through the next couple of quarters and let's just see what happens with some of the inflationary pressures. Regarding selling and administrative expenses, we continue to believe that will come in below 14% of sales this fiscal year, really being driven by a combination of our productivity programs as well as more normalized levels of incentive compensation. And most of that benefit you will likely see in the second half of this fiscal year. So as we move through the fiscal year you should see that number come down. We've got plans in place to get that number well below 14% over the long term. So short answer is there's more runway there. It's going to take time, but we feel pretty confident in the plans we have there.
Stephen M. Robb: Lauren, let me take the first part of that question. Again, as we've said, we think Renew Life will contribute about two points to sales growth for the full year, and it certainly did that in the first quarter. I think over the next couple of quarters you'll see something fairly consistent. It is a nice-sized business, but it's not the largest business in the portfolio. So while it is growing nicely and it's very much on track, I'm not ready to say it will accelerate the growth rate in the short term. I think we need to get through the integration, start driving the distribution build-out, all of which we have plans to do.
Stephen M. Robb: Absolutely. The incremental CapEx we're making is really to drive both the growth in the business but also importantly to drive the cost-savings program. And I think as we've said for many years, over the long term it will probably be very close to the level of depreciation and amortization, but we're not afraid to let that float up, either on the quarter or the full year if we see good investment opportunities, and this is exactly that. We let it float up on the quarter. It's likely it will be a bit higher this year than we've seen in recent years, and that's a good thing. It just means that we are finding good opportunities to invest behind. So you will continue to see us lean in to keep the cost-savings pipeline healthy and keep the top-line profitable growth going.
Stephen M. Robb: So Bill, couple of thoughts. So first of all, when we had originally come out with our outlook in August, we had thought gross margin would be about flat. As I said in my opening comments, we now anticipate gross margin will be down modestly on the year. Part of that reflects mix, which was a little bit less favorable than we had thought. In the first quarter, it was more unfavorable than we had originally expected. But the biggest change has to do with our expectations for resin prices, which we think are firming up a little bit quicker than we had originally anticipated. So at this point we think gross margin will be down modestly. It assumes commodity costs in total are about flat, so it will dissipate as we had thought. It assumes that we'll still have some drag associated with mix, which we've seen for some time. But importantly we feel very good about our cost savings. And I would also say that at this point we have got solid plans in place to deliver EBIT margin expansion of 25 bps to 50 bps for the full year. And I would also just point out over the long term, keep in mind we're coming off of some very strong gross margins over the last couple of years, but I feel very good about our plans to expand gross margins and total margins over the long term behind our cost-savings programs, also as we lower our S&A costs over time, and as we've talked we've got pricing power. So we're comping a pretty tough number in the year-ago period at 220 basis points of gross margin expansion, but I think we're feeling pretty good about the plans we have in place both for the intermediate and long term.
