Benno Dorer: Hello, everyone, and thank you, Don. I very much appreciate your words, and I look forward to taking over the reins of the company next month. I'm deeply honored and excited. As everyone on the call knows, Don has just done a tremendous job leading Clorox. During his tenure, he led the company through a successful Centennial Strategy and went on to lay the groundwork for the future by establishing the company's 2020 Strategy. He does leave big shoes to fill, and I'm excited to be working with the executive team and leaders across the company to build on the strategy Don has led over 8 years. Now with Don staying on as Executive Chairman, we'll be able to make this transition seamless for the Clorox organization and the benefit of all of our stakeholders. There is no better time to be CEO at Clorox. Our people are second to none, and I believe our focus on big-share brands in midsized categories, countries and channels is the right one for us. As I've been sharing with folks in the past 6 weeks or so, this transition has a lot to do with continuity, no extreme right or left turns. I believe we're on the right path with the 2020 Strategy. At the same time, the defining issue for Clorox is accelerating profitable growth, so we're leaning into this strategy and accelerating the key elements that I believe drive the greatest value. First, we will increase our investment in demand-building programs to reinforce the value proposition of our brands, to reinvigorate our categories and to profitably grow market share. Now that means, first and foremost, creating values for consumers by delivering superior, innovative products that delight them and ensuring our communications make clear why our products are the ones to choose. Second, we will grow into profitable new categories and channels through innovation, partnerships and acquisitions. And third, we will remove waste in our work, products and supply chain to create organizational capacity and to fund growth. Underpinning all of these will be a continued focus on our people. As CEO, my job is to keep Clorox people focused on our 2020 Strategy and empower them to deliver results in a way that's consistent with our values as a company. With strong plans in place for the current fiscal year and a 2020 Strategy that sets clear objectives and focuses everyone on value creation, I am very optimistic about the future and firmly believe we have what it takes to succeed. In the interim, of course, it's about hitting our fiscal year annual goals, which is why I'm pleased we're off to a solid start this fiscal year. And with that, I'll ask the operator to open up the line for Q&A.
Benno Dorer: And Olivia, this is Benno. I'd also be cautious to call it a trend just yet. I think we've had quarters in the past where we've seen improvement, and then that was followed by a disappointment. So I'd love to wait another quarter or 2 until we call it a trend. I'm still cautious about this, and we're still focusing on what we can control, which is predominantly emphasizing the value of our brands, increasing our investments to drive market share and making sure that we execute our innovation with excellence. So I share the optimism, but I'd also say we want to remain cautious as far as the consumer is concerned. It remains a very challenging environment.
Benno Dorer: And then you asked about Argentina. First of all, I'd say Argentina is not Venezuela. First of all, we actually made a profit in fiscal year '14. And the country -- our performance in the country was actually better than we expected, in part because we are getting pricing from the government and also the fundamentals in the country are better, which includes the fact that the middle class consist of about 40% of the population versus only about 10% in Venezuela. And keep in mind that Argentina, historically, if you look at the last 40 to 50 years, is moving at about 10-year cycles economically, and right now, we're near, even though -- probably not at the bottom but near the bottom of that cycle. So what we're focused on in Argentina is executing what we can control with excellence. That includes a strong focus on cost savings. That includes offsetting, as best as we can, inflation through pricing, and that includes margin-accretive innovation. Said that all, I will say that we're closely monitoring the situation in Argentina, and we fully expect the situation to remain challenging for a while.
Benno Dorer: And then Bill, if you -- again, our ambition for the professional business going forward is to grow it in the 10% to 15% range, and that continues to be a mix of organic and M&A. So while it's always tougher to plan for obvious reasons, as Don said, we continue to be focused on finding the right M&A partners for that business. But we'll also stay disciplined, and we'll want to be focused on finding the right opportunities at the right time.
Benno Dorer: Well, like you said, it's really too early to say. So we're pleased with the incremental activities we've got in merchandising as a result of our planning, which was mostly around back-to-school and mostly around the flu season, and we've certainly seen an uptick. But historically, we have seen seasons where that has led to incremental consumption and also incremental household penetration. Keeping in mind that household penetration in this category is still only at about 50%, and there's ways to go. But we've also seen other seasons where it's led to a trough in the periods post the flu season. So I would say it's really, really too early to say. We are seeing an uptick in merchandising and an uptick in initial sales, but I would say it's too early to say.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So Lauren, our stated goal as far as sales is concerned for International is 5% to 7% in year-on-year sales growth, and that remains our goal. And I'm -- we're seeing some slowdown, particularly in the faster-growing LatAm markets. Said that, it's important to remember that the absolute growth in those markets is still faster than in North America, and these are still attractive and profitable areas to invest. So I would say no change to our ambitions. What we are focused on is shifting the investment within International from less profitable and more stable markets into those faster-growing markets, like Chile, Peru and Colombia, and we're focused on improving our 3D plan execution to drive market share. And I'm pretty pleased with the progress, but we can do more. I also think that this is a good time to remind ourselves that, really, what we want to do in International is to improve the profitability of the growth in those markets as a primary objective, and we're doing that through cost savings. We're doing that by reaping the benefits of the SAP implementation in Latin America, through pricing and through margin-accretive innovation. So really no change to innovation, 5% to 7% sales growth, but more profitably to reverse the margin decline that we've seen as a result of onetimers as well as inflationary trends in International.
Benno Dorer: And then, Javier, on litter, first of all, Litter is a business we believe we have the right to win and certainly also has attractive tailwinds from a consumer standpoint. And I believe and the right to win is certainly grounded in the fact that we think we have a superior product that controls odor better than the competition. I think it's fair to say that over the last few months, we've been somewhat under pressure because the execution in that category on our side wasn't where we wanted to be, but we're moving fast to correct that and putting plans in place to reverse the share trends. And while we don't expect that to happen overnight, it'll take a few quarters, we're optimistic that we will be able to grow share in that business within a few quarters. And the plans that we're putting in place starts with new advertising that's squarely focused on demonstrating why our product delivers superior value to consumers. It includes an investment, and Don spoke to this earlier, in the right merchandising frequency, and we're starting to see some of that. And then finally, a real step up in innovation programs, which includes, of course, the lightweight litter, which is out there right now and really off to a nice start. And in some ways, this program follows the program and the model that we started to implement on bleach and on Disinfecting Wipes a few quarters ago, where we're now seeing a return to share growth. Our ambition certainly is, on litter, to drive the same results. So a business where we think we have the right to win, where we're putting improved plans in place and where we are cautiously optimistic that we will see a reversal of the share trends in the near future.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So on bleach, this is something that we've been focused on. If you think about the category, anytime a retailer is able to sell more than 1 product in the category, meaning a bleach or a laundry additive along with a detergent, that leads to an increased dollar ring for the retailer and is, of course, valuable. And we've been driving that strategy with our retailers, including partners like Sun for a while now, and we're seeing good success behind that. So to answer your question, that is strategic, and it's intentional. And it's something that you should expect to continue to show up in the marketplace.
Benno Dorer: So thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you again when we share our second quarter results.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. John, I think in terms of the U.S., clearly, the slight uptick we saw in the categories in the quarter with the 0.5 growth rate that Steve mentioned is certainly an improvement sequentially over where we saw the prior quarter. And looking at the University of Michigan's consumer confidence index this morning, which came out in pretty good shape, I do think the consumer in this country is becoming a little less cautious. Now having said that, we still have 1/3 of the households in this country making less than $35,000 a year. So and those wages are stagnant. So we're cautious about this. I think that's one of the reasons we're committing to spending more in marketing dollars to support the brands in the coming months. So you -- as you look at this quarter, for example, you saw about a 5% increase in our demand spending. I think that will be fairly consistent throughout the year. A lot of that spending is supporting innovation like Fresh Step lightweight litter. It's supporting increased merchandising behind disinfecting products as we go into the flu -- cold-and-flu season. So all in all, I think you'll see that increase in spending, John, continue to support the innovation we've got. We've got another wave coming out in January with brand news across most of the major brands. So I think we'll be in a good position to capitalize on that as the consumer improves. It was also interesting to note that when you think about the low-income households in this country, you're going to see more innovation from us on what we're calling LOOP products, low out of pocket. For example, we're just launching a $0.99 Clorox Bleach product that will particularly, probably most likely, show up heavily in the dollar channel. So we think the innovation, the focus on LOOP products and the increased spending behind that innovation should put us in a pretty good place.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. I think so, John. If you look at the spending in the U.S., for example, this quarter, we were at nearly 10% in advertising and consumer promotion. So I think that we're -- and we're going to try and continue to push the envelope on that. I think -- and when we look at the categories where we face off with private label on bleach, charcoal and trash bags, we virtually have -- we have 100% share of voice in bleach. We have 100% share voice in charcoal. And we've got near branded share of voice of 100% in trash. So I think we're in a pretty good place.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, I think what's interesting, John, if you look at the data in the quarter, if you look at trash, the category was up almost 4.5%, and our share traded off about 0.4 share point. If you look at the September data, the category was up 5%, and we were up in shares 0.3 share point. So it seems like, if that's that same pattern playing out, that after a few months of absorption, consumers will come back, and that's what we're seeing in the data.
Donald R. Knauss: I think that the after-tax cost is something to really focus on, in the $5 million to $10 million range. I think that as you look at FY '16 and '17, we expect very minimal impact from that. We're in the process now, we have been in an expedited sales process on the assets in Venezuela. We'll see how that plays out over the next coming weeks.
Donald R. Knauss: It's interesting, there was a survey out this morning, Olivia, from the -- that said we were the only large company not to go down in consumer satisfaction in the last year. I think our focus on 60-40 blind wins, superior products, I think, and the in-store execution that we're seeing around assortment, merchandising, pricing and shelving is really paying off. So I think the fact that we're starting to see share gains for the first time in a year as a total company, and October certainly looks to be the same trend as September in that regard, I would say that says that a lot of this is due to the team's execution in the field and the strategy and focus across the 3 Ds. So I'm pretty bullish when I look at the rest of the year, given the next wave of innovation coming in January and the superior execution I've seen in the first quarter. And again, if you look at the overlaps into the second half of the year, I mean, we were negative 2% in sales. We were positive in the first half, which is what we're lapping now. So as you look at all those factors, really good innovation, increased brand support spending levels, really good execution in store and a bit of easier overlaps as we get into the back half, I think a lot of it's due to this team's effort rather than any -- certainly, having some tailwinds helps, but we'll always prefer to swim with the current than against it.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. I think as Steve said and Benno said, I think we've got a quarter under our belts. There are headwinds out there in terms of currency and certainly, commodities, to some extent. So we're cautiously optimistic is probably the best way to put it.
Donald R. Knauss: We had very strong execution, and especially in our top 5 customers, and 2 of those top 5 are not in the syndicated data, which is Home Depot and Lowe's. So that's why the share was flattish. But when you look at the performance, as Steve said, we were up 16% in volume in the quarter. So I think that as we look forward, we're going to continue to focus on that level of execution going forward. I think we've got -- last couple years, we've got a really good game plan in place on Charcoal. And if you look at the innovation on Litter, we're cautiously optimistic, too, about Litter trends improving as we get into the next quarter and the back half of the fiscal year. And of course, Glad, we'll see how we play out in the next -- with this next price increase. But if you look at Glad in the quarter, I mean, Glad's volume was up almost 2%. And so -- and as I said, we're starting to gain a little bit of share back in September. So Charcoal was a driver, but we've got the game plan in place on how to drive that brand.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Let me start, Ali, with the thought process on Venezuela, and I'll let Steve jump in on the question you had on the chart. The thought process was, we have been under price controls for 3 years in Venezuela. And as you know, we believe that we may have been uniquely disadvantaged in the fact that about 70% of our portfolio was under price control. And of course, over that 3-year period, absorbing over 100%, in some cases, 200%, inflation cumulatively over that period of time took our gross margins from about -- in the high 30s to 40%, which was fairly consistent with U.S. gross margins. It was not materially different, and it was one of -- it was certainly a competitive gross margin for us, down into negative gross margin territory most recently. We had 29 meetings with the government between July of 2012 and July of 2014 explaining the predicament we were in and the real need for pricing in that market to be able to create a sustainable business. And of course, last year ended with $77 million of revenue and a $23 million operating loss. Although we had a more modest loss built into the margin -- or into the budget for this year, the pricing that we had been promised in June was delayed by 3 months. Each month was really another hit to the P&L, and of course, the pricing that was actually delivered in September was significantly below what we were promised. We saw no hope that we could create a sustaining business in that country. And given the issues -- the other macro issues they were dealing with, including the price of oil dropping, we didn't see any sustainable model for continuing to operate in that market, and that's what drove the decision. So over a 2-year period, after 29 meetings, it was time to make a call, and it was clearly in our shareholders' best interest to exit. And that was the thought process.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Ali, as far as your question on Hidden Valley and the other brands, on Hidden Valley, we've seen no distribution losses in terms of shelving. We have seen some of the larger customers cut back on inventories, which is a short-term blip before merchandising -- as merchandising comes out of the summer. So there's nothing structural there at all. In fact, if you look at shares of Hidden Valley salad dressing in September, for example, it was basically flat. The category is down about 0.5 point. I think we were down 0.1 point, so basically flat. We've got some innovation on Hidden Valley, like premium dry dips, so the brand's as healthy as ever. So we've seen nothing in terms of any structural change to shelf spacing -- to shelf space. As far as Glad goes, we've got about 70% of that brand now is in premium trash. I think the falloff in the base trash has dragged down a little bit on the pricing. But that mix, as we go through the balance of the year, should continue to improve, and we'll see with this latest price increase, what that does to pricing on the brand in general.
Donald R. Knauss: It's hard to know. I think, again, at the end of the day, we had really good plans that we put in place. We executed them extremely well, and the weather was good. And when you bring it all together, it turned out to be a very nice quarter for the Charcoal business. I think, again, over the long term, we feel good about the plans to grow that business. But obviously, lapping double-digit growth is going to be challenging as we get into the first quarter of next year.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. I think we're still -- recall that when we had the analyst meeting a couple of years ago, we've talked about the 3 legs of our stool: U.S. Retail, PPD and International. PPD we said would grow in the 10% to 15% range. We don't see that changing, Bill. It grew at a -- in a single-digit rate this quarter, but we had some challenges with a claim on one of our products that we've reinstated. And so we see that business continuing to grow at the double-digit rate going forward, so I don't think there's any issue there. As far as M&A goes, that's one of our primary focus areas, obviously, is M&A in that space, bolt-on M&A, that is. So we'll see what happens there. But nothing really changing in terms of what our expectations are for that business. And clearly, as you look at the retail trends in October around stopping the spread of infection, we're seeing that same thing translate into health care facilities as well.
Donald R. Knauss: I think, Lauren, just to build on Benno's comments, I think where we have really focused our investment, and you look at the countries we've talked about in the past, Peru, Colombia, Mexico, to some extent, all those countries in the quarter had high single-digit volume growth, which is pretty encouraging from our standpoint. Even Argentina had low single-digit volume growth, there was still volume growth, which we felt very good about. So where -- those countries where we have invested resources, we're seeing those pretty good trends continue.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, I think we're always very careful, Lauren, about trying to take advantage of some public health scare for people. So we're trying to be very mindful of that. I would say this, that bleach, which is the most effective and cheapest disinfectant in general has had -- there are some barriers with hospital usage and acute care facility usage, given the odor, if you work around it all day. There's residue. I mean, bleach is basically saltwater, right, with an electric charge to it. So if you wiped out a black toilet in a hospital, there's a little salt residue that you have to go back and clean up. What we're seeing from hospitals now is some of those concerns around odor and some -- a little bit of residue, those pale in comparison to the concerns about stopping the spread of infection. So I think to your point, bleach has always been acceptable, but it's probably becoming more acceptable in this environment that this is the thing that is the most effective against most bacteria and viruses out there. So clearly, as I said, the step-up we're seeing in the wipes category in October is not unlike the step-up we're seeing in professional and acute care facilities either.
Donald R. Knauss: I wouldn't -- Erin, it's interesting, I wouldn't say there's necessarily a numerical shortage of drivers as much as the new federal regulations around limiting drivers to 8 hours versus 12 hours, obviously, cuts down the capacity that an individual driver can have. And that's what's really fueling part of this, no pun intended.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Javier, let me take wipes, and I'll turn it over to the Benno on litter. On wipes, we feel very good about the pricing we're getting in the market. Of course, wipes is one of those products where we didn't really take pricing for 14 years, so the architecture in that category has been fairly -- very -- in fact, very stable and consistent. If you look at the share data, over the last 4 months, we've seen very positive share gains for us. If you take our share, which is almost back to a 50%, we're equal to the private label and our branded competitor combined. So we feel very good with our trends in that category and our pricing and our margin structure in that category. So with the innovation we've got rolling out, as Steve noted, we've got 4 different new wipe formats out there, we feel very good about how that category is performing. It's kind of promises made, promises kept. We told all of you we thought we'd see those share gains coming back, and that's what's happening.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. Connie, it's interesting, our market share of cleaning products with that low-income consumer is almost identical to our market share in the general population. Now the risk is that, that share erodes and is more fragile than our share with the general population. And that's one of the reasons why we're so focused on these LOOP products, which I think can cover a number of different categories that we compete in. We're focused, first, on cleaning. But clearly, when you think about trash bags or you think about Hidden Valley or you think about any of our brands, there's a way to get a lower out-of-pocket price point on the shelf by adjusting package size. So that -- the good news is that people in that low-income group want brands. They want premium brands, and they also tend to buy premium brands around the first of the month when the pay period hits. So we're also trying not only to influence our packages and our -- the size of -- or to get to the right price point, but also tie our merchandising support in those channels to the first part of the month so we can capitalize and help them get access to our products when they have the money to afford them.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. It's more of a change in packaging size. So for example, on Clorox Bleach, it's identical to the product we put in the 64, the king size, it's just in a smaller package, whether it's 16-ounce or a quart-sized type package. So we don't want to do anything that would jeopardize -- or put a cheaper product in. Now there are other brands that we've launched, like Fraganzia, that have a different formulation that are targeted, for example, to a lower-income consumer that would be the same product. So regardless of what package size we'd be in, we would not do anything to cheapen the product from the core sizes.
Stephen M. Robb: John, this is Steve. Let me weigh in on your second question, which has to do with resin prices. It's interesting, as we've all seen, energy prices have really traded off pretty sharply over the last couple of months, but the resin market has actually been climbing steadily higher. It's pretty tight supply-demand balance right now. As a result of that, we have announced, effective in November, we are taking a 6% increase on our Glad business. What we typically see when we do this is you can see volume be somewhat depressed for a couple of quarters, sometimes 2 to 4 quarters, which is pretty normal, but then the consumer tends to come back. And again, Glad is a category that as resin prices move up, we tend to take pricing. It's cost justified. Takes time but the consumer adapts to it, and competitors have historically followed pretty quickly on that. So we think it's a right decision to protect our margins, and we think it'll be fine with the consumer over time.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, I think, as you say, we're certainly off to a good start on the year, and we feel very good about the plans we have in fiscal '15 and how we're executing against it. But I think it's important to note we're 90 days into this year, and we are going to have to continue to watch what happens with foreign currencies, commodity costs and how the consumer holds up as we go through the holiday season and get into the back half of this fiscal year. So I think we need more time to see how some of these things unfold as we move through the year. But at this point, we certainly feel like we're off to a good start and feel very good about the outlook that we have out there.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. And as you saw in our press release, and I guess I would echo, we continue to believe that the after-tax cost of the exit will be about $70 million to $80 million. Now a large portion of that will fall in fiscal '15. Some of that will obviously continue onwards. But I would say we have a plan. We've executed the plan, I think, very well. But it's obviously a tough situation, and there are unknowns. So I think we're going to need to continue executing the plan that we have and moving through it. But at this point, we think the after-tax cost of $70 million to $80 million and the cash cost on an after-tax basis of $5 million to $10 million, these numbers feel right to us.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, let me start off talking a little bit about the resin market. In the -- it's a tough situation because, to your point, feedstock prices are down pretty significantly. But at the same time, we've really got a situation where supply remains fairly tight, demand remains fairly solid, and when you bring it together, it translates into rising prices. And it's certainly what we anticipated coming into the year, but we recently saw another several penny move upward in resin prices that certainly looks like it's sticking in the marketplace. So our expectation is that prices are moving up, that they're likely to stay elevated. You could see some up and down over time, but these markets have tended to float up, level off for a period of time and then go to new highs. So that's really what we're planning for. As it relates to the pricing that we've taken on Glad, again, this is a category that tends to follow what happens with resin prices. So as prices go up, we try to price to the long-term average cost in resin. If, by some chance, resin prices go back down, you might have to step up the merchandising spend at that point. But at this point, we think prices are up. They're likely to stay elevated, and we're taking pricing accordingly.
Stephen M. Robb: And Ali, this is Steve. Let me address at least a portion of your question regarding Venezuela financials. All of the activity of Venezuela in the quarter has been reclassified from continuing operations to discontinued operations. So that would include things like the operating losses in Venezuela for the quarter, which were about $6 million; asset charges associated with inventory, property, plant and equipment; as well as certain exit costs, including severance and recognition of foreign currency translation losses. This is one where it's pretty technical and detailed. I think we've got some good schedules in the web attachments to help you with this, and we also have a 10-Q coming out early next week that really details this. But happy to take your call offline if you'd like us to step you through more of the details on this.
Stephen M. Robb: Ali, let me start with your last question first. As it relates to resin prices, here in North America, those resin prices are actually more closely aligned with natural gas ethylene, ethane. They're not directly tied to oil prices. Now oil prices can obviously influence the global market for resin pricing, and we're obviously working in global markets. But from a feedstock standpoint, oil can go down, and it's quite possible that resin prices can go up. The biggest factor driving resin prices up right now is something we've been talking about for quite some time, which is supply and demand. And I think the good news is, as you look out over the long term, several years from now, there is new capacity being built here in the U.S. that'll bring new supply to the market. But that's several years out, and therefore, as we look forward into the market, we think the supply-demand situation is going to remain fairly tight. That's likely to put some upward pressure on the floor underneath resin pricing.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, that's the way to look at it, Bill. And when you look at that $15 million, it was basically in merchandising support behind innovation and cold and flu.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. It was more couponing, merchandising display support, those kinds of things. So it wasn't TFIs, if you will, so much in terms of temporary price -- temporary fund increases for price reductions on shelf.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. It's -- so first of all, and this is important, the absolute EBIT margin in fiscal '14, as a starting point, is 60 basis points higher. So we're starting from a higher place. All we're saying is that for fiscal '15, we think EBIT margin will be about flat, could be a little above or a little below that, but we think it's about flat. And the reason for that is because some of the expected EBIT margin improvement that we were counting on was coming from improving Venezuela, and we're actually going to get that. We're just getting it a different way. We're getting it because we've decided to exit the business. We've also had a bit more pressure in resin than we had anticipated. All of that said, as we look to the longer term, I think we continue to feel very good about the cost savings program, the pricing actions we're taking, the tight controls we have in place on SG&A. All of that gives us pretty good confidence that we'll continue to see good, solid EBIT margin expansion of 25 to 50 bps over the long term.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, your accounting is really good. It flows through both, as a matter of fact. Some of that floated to SG&A, some of it floated to COGS. You did notice that our SG&A cost as a percentage of sales came in lower than the year ago. Part of that was because of the cost savings programs that we were driving in the company, and then a portion of that's just this onetime accrual adjustment that we needed to make in the quarter.
Stephen M. Robb: I think that's right. I think it's several things. It's driver shortage, and just the shortage of trucks, in general, I think, is putting a bit of upward pressure. Wage inflation, obviously, is contributing somewhat. And then even on rail, I think rail costs are starting to go up. You've got more oil moving on rail as opposed to other forms of transportation, and that's kind of crowding things out. So I don't think it's any 1 thing. I think it's a collection of things. We've certainly seen the pressure, and we would anticipate that, that pressure's going to continue for some time.
