Benno O. Dorer: Thank you, Steve. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. There are three things we hope you'll take away from today's call. First, our 2020 strategy is continuing to work and that's reflected in our Q1 results. Second, because our strategy is working, we're staying the course, investing in the business to drive profitable growth. And third, we continue to face pronounced headwinds in the balance of the year and we've reflected that in our outlook. So let me summarize my perspective on these three areas. First, our Q1 results are strong indicators our strategy is working. Some highlights include the fact that our U.S. business achieved the strongest sales growth in several years and delivered it across all segments. Further, while currency effects are real and cannot be dismissed, our International business delivered solid sales growth on a currency-neutral basis and saw positive results for our go lean strategy, with solid profit growth in U.S. dollars, as well as in local currencies. In addition, strong innovation coupled with our increased demand-building investments translated to category growth, as well as the highest quarterly market share growth and our highest absolute U.S. market share in three years. And our focus on profitable growth, supported by trade-up, cost savings and commodity tailwinds help drive meaningful margin expansion in the quarter, with margin growth in all four segments, including International. So our strategy is continuing to work and we're staying the course to drive growth that is profitable and sustainable. In International, where our business remains challenged, in great part due to foreign currencies, much like every other U.S. based company, I'm proud of the tough decisions our team has made to improve profitability across that business for our shareholders. In particular, I believe the four pillars of our go lean strategy, pricing, cost savings, rightsizing and optimizing demand spending will pay-off in the long term. I feel very good about the future of this business, recognizing the fundamental strength of our brands in many countries. Turing to the U.S., we have a robust innovation pipeline across our portfolio and will continue investing in the business and focusing on delivering strong value to consumers. Our domestic business is healthy and we intend to continue supporting it with advertising and marketing communications, sales and trade promotion spending and strong retail execution. As many of you heard at our Analyst Meeting in early October, our analysis of traditional versus digital forms of brand building show that we're keenly focused on ROIs and ensuring our demand creation dollars work hard for us. We feel good about where we are. At the same time, it's still very early in the year. As Steve Robb discussed, going forward, we'll be monitoring foreign exchange rates for the balance of the fiscal year and commodity costs, which remain volatile and tend to rise over time. All said, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance and cautiously optimistic about the remainder of the year, which is reflected in what I believe to be a balanced outlook. And with that, let's open it up for your questions.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Wendy good afternoon. Thank you for the question. We think we have a balanced outlook that certainly reflects the strength of our execution, but also as you say, what we anticipate to be a tougher competitive environment in the back half, specifically as it relates to three categories. First Home Care, where we've gained a lot of market share for five quarters now and typically what happens is that, that will yield a stronger competitive reaction to that market share growth. In Cat Litter, as is very well known by now, we have innovation coming up in the back half and we think that that's going to increase the competitive activity in the category, and then in Glad, the third category where we are expecting somewhat heightened competitive activity. Commodities have been somewhat of a tailwind and we are investing in growth, reinvesting effectively much of that commodities goodness back in the business. So we expect that the competitive activity in these three categories is going to be heightened. We reflected that in our outlook and I said we want to continue to stay in the driver seat and invest in profitable growth.
Benno O. Dorer: What we said in the past, Wendy, which continues to be true is that there are always be fluctuations in spending by quarter, both in terms of the absolute spend as well as where the dollars are spent. I think we have noted today in our remarks that our total demand spend for the last quarter actually continued to be up. It happened this quarter that some of the increase spend was in trade, where we are getting good returns, in particular, because we're investing in trial building activities behind our innovation. And I think what we've also said, which continues to be true is that we're committed to increasing our overall demand spend by 100 basis points or 1% of sales. So that all will remain on track and certainly what continues to be true is that we remain very committed to the spend in digital, where we're getting very strong returns. Digital will be up to north of 40% of our working media spend this year, up from 30% last year. So advertising sales promotion, as well as our total demand spend will continue to be on track and will continue to rise for the balance of the fiscal year.
Benno O. Dorer: It's the latter, Steve. As you know, part of our strategy is to continue to invest in profitable growth and profitable certainly needs to be underlined here. We're very committed to growth being profitable. So these are all investments that we're proactively taking in support of our strategy. They're not to respond to others' activities.
Benno O. Dorer: Steve, what we're seeing Walmart as well as other retailers do is invest in growth. As you look at some of the remarks from Walmart, they are investing in improving their shopper experience, that should benefit Clorox as well as other players in the industry. All of our conversations with retailers today are about growth and about investing in growth, in particular, around the innovation, and that's perhaps also why we're seeing such strong top-line growth at this point, because we have a very strong and balanced innovation portfolio across all of our brands and our retailers are recognizing us for that. So, we're staying the course with our strategy and we're seeing success as certainly as evidenced by this last quarter sales results.
Benno O. Dorer: So, Jason, what we said is that dollars will fluctuate and I can tell you that most of our trade dollars are going into everyday low pricing. So, I can't comment on slush funds, the way you mentioned it. What we're seeing is that trade promotion these days is particularly effective to support trial in our innovations. And that's why the dollars go there, but what we've also said is that we're seeing equally strong returns in our digital and social media spend and we expect dollars to continue to flow in those two areas. So, dollars will flow back and forth, I wouldn't read too much into what's happening in one quarter, but it's certainly true that right now our trade funds in support of our innovation are particularly effective.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah, Ali, so in many ways the way I'd look at this is, Walmart has always been about very competitive prices every day and they're going perhaps back to what has worked so well for Walmart for so many years and frankly what's helped build our business with them to such a strong position. Our conversations really have not changed, what Walmart's looking for is growth that is profitable and that's exactly what we're looking for. What Walmart is looking for is innovation and they've been particularly receptive, as have many other retailers, to strong innovation and there isn't a lot of great innovation out there in the marketplace right now, as we look at various categories and as you know, we're very committed to innovation, our innovation program is pretty strong. Fundamentally, they invest in where we invest in. They invest in neighborhood markets and they invest in ecommerce. Those are areas that we're very interested in and those are areas where market-leading brands will benefit from. So, I can tell you that while I, as you'll appreciate, can't comment on specific conversations that we'll have within every day, the conversations we have with them are predominantly around growth and that's not changed over the last few years.
Benno O. Dorer: We'll have to let this play out, certainly. What I can tell you, as it relates to our categories is that our price elasticity certainly are such that, we have been rewarded and Walmart has been rewarded by trade up, by pricing, by all the activities that we have put in place over the last few years to grow, but also grow profitability. And we continue to have a very productive dialog with Walmart on what drives CAGR growth and what drives profitable growth. As you know, we advise them on their categories and most of the categories that we're in, so it's all I can say at this point.
Benno O. Dorer: No significant distribution expansion. Certainly we've gained distribution behind our innovations as we said, but nothing beyond that, Bill.
Benno O. Dorer: We've certainly seen that, Bill. Again, our food business, our ranch business, is very strong, as I think you've seen it's very strong with Walmart, but also very strong with other customers. It should also be noted that our SKU productivity is higher than that of the competition so that might be relevant here too, which worked particularly well. Recently is – our innovation I think again that's something that Walmart has been so responsive to is innovation in the category to grow sales and grow profitably and the flavored ranches, in particular, chili, roasted garlic, avocado, cucumber have been very successful and we've gained more than 10 share points in that important segment over the last quarter. So, we're doubling down on investment in that, as well as in the other areas of ranch, as you know, food is a growth business for us and we'll continue to invest and we feel good about where we are.
Benno O. Dorer: No I mean, look – I feel like, what we've done is point out the strengths across the portfolio in food and elsewhere. Again, we've read that and you never like to be singled out in a comment like that, but what matters the most is what we're seeing every day in our consumption results and those are strong. And we've shared with you during the Analyst Day and perhaps also a little bit today about our continued strong plans for the ranch business going forward, mostly based on innovation and strong brand-building investments, so I feel good about that business and that's all there is to it.
Benno O. Dorer: Yeah. So, as you know, Chris, increasing our spending has been part of our 2020 strategy and I think as we can see in this quarter's results, that's working very well. So, what we feel is prudent to do here in anticipation of what we do believe to be heightened competitive activity in these three categories is to stay in the driver's seat. We do not like to respond to competition, we do not like to respond after the fact. We like to anticipate and we like to continue to invest in what's working for us already and we see an opportunity in these three categories to continue to up our investment. That's all there is to it. It is about staying in the driver's seat. It's about staying on strategy and staying true to the promise of increasing our advertising and sales promotion investment and in some cases, trade promotion investment behind what's working.
Benno O. Dorer: Thank you. So to sum up, we're very pleased to have delivered strong first quarter results, reflecting our efforts to accelerate growth and doing so profitably. Our business is fundamentally healthy and our outlook presents a balanced view of the challenges and opportunities we see for our business in the rest of the fiscal year. Thank you for joining us today.
Stephen M. Robb: That's correct. Essentially, as you noted, we raised our gross margin outlook to be up modestly for the full year. And our expectation is that's going to be largely offset by reinvesting some of the strong earnings we saw in the first quarter back into consumer demand building investments, primarily focused on the advertising in the second half. And we're also going to invest some of that in our cost savings initiatives where we've got some good projects underway to build a pipeline of ideas over the next few years.
Stephen M. Robb: Well, Jason, as you know, resin costs are particularly volatile, but here's what we would say. We'd certainly expect to get commodity cost tailwinds this fiscal year. And most of that will be driven by resin. And I also think it'll over index in the first half of the fiscal. If you go back to fiscal 2015, beginning in the fourth quarter, we saw commodity cost tailwinds, that continues straight to the first quarter, which came in as expected. And I would expect that to continue through Q2. As we get into the second half of the fiscal year, two things we're going to monitor very closely, number one is just energy prices, because that can have an influencing impact. Second is overseas markets because it is a supply and demand market. And then third, production capacity appears to be somewhat tight depending on who you listen to and it doesn't take much of a supply disruption to cause those markets to move up quickly. So, I think we'll get tailwinds for the year, they will be more in the first half than the second half and we'll start to lap that as we move through the fiscal year.
Stephen M. Robb: So, Ali. This is Steve. Let me try this. Over the long-term we continue to remain committed to adding about 25 bps to 50 bps of the EBIT margin expansion as we've talked for some time. And we're certainly feeling very good about a relative fast start this fiscal year to do it and feel very good about our plans to do that. I think as you look at the longer term, our belief is the combination of margin-accretive innovation, the opportunity to take targeted pricing, particularly in International markets and even rebuild our International margins through our go lean approach, as well as SG&A management, all of those things and our cost savings programs I think gives us confidence that we're going to deliver good, steady margin expansion. But you will have some variability across the quarters, and we've had a really good quarter in the first quarter. I think – I feel very good about the first half, but I think the second half margins will probably be a bit challenged, just for all the reasons that we've talked about. So, in short, feel good about the long-term plans that we have for the company, but you'll have some ups and downs over time across the quarters.
Stephen M. Robb: So, in terms of the heightened competition, I think we've seen elevated competition for quite some time. I think as Benno and Steve had pointed out in their opening comments, historically when you build market share the way we have consistently quarter-after-quarter, the competition tends to come back a bit stronger. So we're certainly coming off of very strong first quarter results and it just seems prudent to us to take some of that strength and invest it back behind these innovation programs and consumer demand building programs that we have. And so that's really what we're signaling. We have yet to see another leg up in the competitive set, but as you know these tend to run in six-month windows, so we're being what we think is very responsible by stepping up the level of investment in anticipation of increased competition in the second half but we will have to see.
Stephen M. Robb: I think a couple of things, you're going to see us be primarily volume led, so volume will certainly drive top-line growth for the company, but in particular from our International markets, pricing will also contribute, but again a lot of that's just to try to mitigate some of the inflationary headwinds and the FX headwinds that we're seeing, so it's going to move up and down over the quarters, but it should primarily be volume with some pricing.
Stephen M. Robb: Again, felt pretty good about the performance of our International business in the first quarter. I think looking forward, I do think it's going to get increasingly difficult in International, particularly as we move through the second half. And the reason for that is we are continuing to see a sequential slowdown in some of the emerging markets in our business and we've talked that for some time. And foreign currency headwinds, when we went into this year, we thought foreign currency headwinds would be about three point drag on top-line sales. If you just look at the U.S. dollar spot rates today, they're a bit worse than we have thought. And so that's certainly something we're watching closely and we're expecting a significant devaluation in Argentina. So, I do think the International business is probably going to continue to face a tough situation over the next couple of quarters, which is why again, what we're trying to do is focus on innovation in that business, focus on driving cost savings, leveraging our U.S. capabilities and really take targeted pricing where we can get it. And we think over the long-term, these things will not only rebuild margins, but position ourselves for even better healthier growth out of our International business.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah. It's a good problem to have. We're throwing off a lot of cash, obviously, as a company, certainly through fiscal 2015 and felt good about our cash flow generation in the first quarter and outlook for the full year. The debt-to-EBITDA is at 1.8 times, we're quite comfortable with it being below to 2 times to 2.5 times at this point because it does give us dry powder to be able to do things in the future, including M&A activity and return cash back to shareholders. So, no plans to change the target of 2 times to 2.5 times, but as we've said before, we're not concerned if it's a bit below that. I think over the long-term, we're either going to get traction in the M&A market and again we're always working on a pipeline of ideas, or if we start to see a lot of cash building up, we'll have to take a hard look at the dividend in partnership with the board, as well as just share buybacks and look for ways to get the money back to our shareholders. Again, the key for us is to be disciplined in capital allocation. So, no change in strategy or framework and we'll continue to monitor it and in partnership with the board, take a hard look at that over time.
Stephen M. Robb: Yeah. So we're continuing to see inflation in both manufacturing and logistics costs. This quarter came in at about 120 basis points, pretty consistent with what we've been seeing, which is north of about a point over time. And I would imagine that that's going to continue to be a drag on margins through this year and probably well into the future. I will say on the logistics side, while costs are elevated, they have appeared to have stabilized somewhat more recently. So we're cautiously optimistic that we may have seen the peak on this one, but keep in mind a lot of the inflationary pressures in manufacturing and logistics come from the emerging markets, where they're running double-digit rates of inflation. So, it's been a headwind. It's going to continue to be a headwind and that's why I think for us the key is going to be to really lean into the cost savings, the pricing and the other things that we can do to offset that headwind.
Stephen M. Robb: In short, it will even itself out over the course of the year. It's really a reflection of the strength of the sales that we saw in the first quarter. And we have standard collection terms for all of our customers, and we saw a lot of strong shipments as we moved through the quarter and I would expect that to cash flow as we go through the second quarter. I guess what I'd have you know is that the free cash flow for the company as a percentage of sales, we think it'll be about 10% this year. And so we feel like we're off to a pretty good start to deliver another healthy year of cash flow for the investors.
