Larry Peiros: Overall in the year we typically target two our three points from new product incremental, sales from new products. I don’t think there was extensive activity in the second quarter. So I don’t think that accounted for a big portion of that 5% growth. Doug Lane – Jefferies & Co.: And secondly can you talk about two our three categories that are perhaps most competitive. I imagine Clorox 2 would be one of them but maybe if you could go beyond that to the next one or two, what you’re seeing on the competitive front. 
Larry Peiros: So Clorox 2 category definitely tops the list as you said, the trash category has been competitive but as we pointed out, I think things are getting a little bit more rational at this point and some of the intense trade promotion has dissipated a bit. So I think we’re feeling better about that category. Cat litter has also been a bit of a competitive category with quite a bit of trade spending going on.  Again I would say its getting a bit more rational at this point, but those are the top ones probably that I would mention. Doug Lane – Jefferies & Co.: And can you comment on trading conditions in Mexico. 
Larry Peiros: Is there something you’re considering there. Doug Lane – Jefferies & Co.: Yes, the political unrest overall in Mexico coupled with the recession that they’re in, just some people have just found it to be an increasingly difficult market and I wondered if you’re starting to see similar patterns there. 
Larry Peiros: Brita in particular has been on fire for quite a long times so we’ve seen basically strong double-digit gains I think going on for two years now, behind this phenomenon around people being concerned about bottled water waste, coupled with the fact that in a tough economic times the value of Brita is immense versus buying individual bottled water.  So we haven’t seen that dissipating whatsoever, in fact we had an exceptionally strong quarter in Q2 and would expect that to continue. And obviously we’re also spending behind that so we’ve taken advantage of the additional volume to invest more behind the brand, particularly in the internet space and social media space.  We’re getting a lot of good PR value out of that so, we are forecasting continued strong growth on the Brita business. H1N1 there was a phenomenon and it really started Q4 of last year where we saw a fairly dramatic pickup on brands like wipes, but brands not just in the homecare US business but also in the international business and our away from home business.  We are seeing obviously H1N1 concerns dissipate. Now that could change and we have no control over that, but based on what we’re seeing in the market today and the slowdown we saw in consumption in the second quarter we expect a bit of a trough particularly in Q3 on our disinfecting products and then as we go into Q4, we’ll start indexing off of that higher base.  So obviously there’s a bit of a boom for us in the first half and will dissipate in the second half but we still have an immensely successful wipes and generally disinfecting business so we feel great about that. 
Larry Peiros: And the different pieces of those segments are performing differently but I think overall we would expect kind of single-digit growth in cleaning and closer to double-digit or above in lifestyle based on current trends and forecasts. 
Larry Peiros: I don't think the elasticity has changed very dramatically. I think you know of our history, we’ve taken 40 plus price increases, did a lot of price modeling and those models were exceptionally predictive. I think what’s going on today is we got competitors that are either launching new products or in most cases just infusing more trade spending and being more competitive.  So I think we’re playing little mini battles on the trade spending kind of pricing front versus seeing some fundamental change in consumer dynamics around the elasticity. 
Larry Peiros: I think the likelihood is commodities go up again, we’ll probably see reductions in trade spending first and then ultimately if those are substantial changes in commodities, we’ll probably see pricing actions. 
Larry Peiros: I think we talked specifically to the trash bag category and that’s where we’re definitely seeing things moderate as resin prices tick up a bit. 
Larry Peiros: I don’t think that really has much of an impact on us, obviously there’s a role for private label in the trash category as well as branded products and we like private label’s competitor so it shouldn’t have any effect on our ability to build our brand at Wal-Mart or elsewhere. 
Larry Peiros: So Green Works and obviously Burt’s have definitely taken a hit from current economic situation. We still absolutely believe in those two businesses and we think over the long-term they’ll obviously return to more substantial health. Green Works has taken probably more of a hit of late. The categories have definitely softened. We have taken some pricing moves across the Green Works line to reduce our premiums versus traditional products.  A lot of that is based on cost savings that we’ve been able to develop on some of those key products. And going forward we will continue to be a very, we’ll take a very targeted approach to talk to the consumers that are more open to those messages. So I would say certainly we have taken a hit on those brands, or reduced growth in those brands today.  But we still see those as opportunities over the long-term. 
Larry Peiros: My best guess is you will see reduction in trade spending before you’ll see any pricing moves. We’re not announcing any pricing moves. We’re not anticipating any pricing moves. But I can’t predict the cost of resin unfortunately so things can change over time. But right now it would probably be more of move on the trade spending side versus the price side. 
Larry Peiros: Actually the biggest pricing move has been on the detergent product and I think we’ve already talked about that its been below expectations although it has stabilized. And that’s the product where we were able to reduce the cost of the formula without reducing the performance of the formula so we essentially translated that into a fairly substantial price decline.  That’s currently being executed in the from of trade spending but will ultimately be a permanent rollback. So more of a truckload rollback. So that’s the place where we’re readjusting the pricing on Green Works most dramatically. We anticipated we were going out with it something like a 20 to 25% premium while we launch and given all the activity in detergents, that turned out to be a much more substantial premium so we’re looking at a premium that’s probably going to be pretty close to zero versus the premium products at least on an everyday basis.  So unpromoted value versus the leading brand would probably be about parody. 
Larry Peiros: So we do have distribution and obviously we’re looking for additional distribution opportunities with these new pricing moves. I wouldn’t say we’ve seen any dramatic movement of late. 
Larry Peiros: We definitely have seen, we are seeing weak trends in our food bag business. For quite some time, it’s the only good news there, its gotten quite a bit smaller. That doesn’t have as much impact on the overall business but we don’t foresee that changing in the near-term. 
Larry Peiros: We don’t have an incredibly accurate estimate but obviously retailers built inventory as they saw the demand increase. We also think consumers built their pantry inventory as a result of the H1N1 concerns. So based on the slowdown we’re seeing in consumption even in Q2 we anticipate there’ll be a bit of trough in Q3 and again, we talk about wipes a lot but this accrues to really all of our disinfecting products US and international.  In Q4 we actually start indexing it against the front end of the H1N1 pandemic so we had a fairly high base period in Q4 of a year ago and so we’ll start indexing off of that so we may look less robust in terms of growth just because of the base period. 
Larry Peiros: Its probably a combination of factors, obviously but there has been a slowdown considerably and I think private label’s in our collectively categories, tracked channels US were up about 1%. So quite a bit different than the trends we’ve been seeing which are high single-digits or even double-digits in some past quarters.  Three categories that we talk about a lot that have a fairly high level of private label presence would be [hyper choleric] beach where our share in the last quarter was about flat. The GLAD trash category where again our share is about flat. Charcoal there was a bit of a pick up in private label in the quarter although obviously OND is not a big quarter for charcoal.  So we are seeing a pretty dramatic difference in terms of private label performance in the last quarter versus what we saw in the last say four to six or four to eight quarters. 
Larry Peiros: No there definitely has been some distribution losses going along with the category slowdown. So I think there’s a lot of customers, retailers that are still very committed to this space but obviously they’re responding to the opportunities. Quite frankly there are also a lot of [inaudible] products introduced that created a lot of extra SKUs in the category that didn’t deserve to be on the shelf.  So there’s been some winnowing down of those as well. 
Larry Peiros: I don’t think we’ve seen anything dramatically different on the conversions, probably charcoal is the biggest conversion for us where we’re going to a [heartened] version on a new product that actually weighs less than the previous product which is why it’s a hard conversion.  We’ve also got some changes in packaging on our cat litter business and I think those are all going as anticipated, nothing out of the ordinary on those conversions. 
Larry Peiros: On the assortment front we feel good about some testing that we have in place and generally speaking as you know, generally to our advantage to reduce the numbers of SKUs in any category because we tend to be the leader in the category. So we tend to be the winner. And while we still see that as an opportunity I think we would tell you that to date we haven’t seen dramatic movement.  If you did some simple arithmetic on [inaudible] or Nielson data on the number of items in a store or in our categories, you wouldn’t see dramatic movement so we’re seeing some puts and takes. Some things that are benefiting us and we have some tests in the marketplace that we feel good about but I wouldn’t say we’ve seen the dramatic movement that we might have thought we would have seen. 
Dan Heinrich: Really nothing to report. We would view it in our categories anyhow as relatively normal competitive activity. 
Dan Heinrich: On use of cash obviously we’ve been using our free cash flow to pay down debt. That was our goal to get back inside this 2 to 2.5 times debt to EBITDA. We are really pleased to get back inside that leverage range in the second quarter. So I think we have flexibility going forward. Our historical profile has been to buyback shares to offset dilution. I think you can assume that we will begin that again more likely probably in fourth quarter then third quarter. But we’ll reassume that posture. And as we’ve always done we’ll look at what our investment needs are and if we don’t have the use of the cash in the business we’ll certainly look at share repurchases to return that cash to shareholders. In terms of the deals I think the Caltech acquisition is a great example of little tuck ins that we’ll do but again its not meaningful to cash flow. We can do a fair bit of those.  And in terms of deal flow and other things we’re looking at there’s just nothing on the horizon right now that I would speak to and so I think our posture in the second half of the year will be looking to resume at a minimum share repurchases to offset dilution and continue to support the dividend. 
Dan Heinrich: Particularly as we look at Burt’s we saw some nice growth in the second quarter, as we go into the second half in particular Burt’s will begin to index and lower numbers in the year ago period. So the positives there is we’ve seen that category return to the mid to higher single-digit growth rates so the overall category is returning to growth again. That growth rate is well above conventional personal care so it looks like the category is returning to health, consumers are coming into that category and I think the combination of that category expansion as well as Burt’s efforts to expand internationally along with some of the new products that they’re launching I think we feel pretty good about Burt’s performance in the second half of the year. 
Dan Heinrich: And we look at the resin markets right now, there was a forced in price increase in resin that went in in January and stuck. There’s another probably $0.14 of announced price increase in the market. Pretty unclear whether any of those stick. But if you kind of look at where oil and everything is trading right now, oil has been in the $75 to $80 trading range.  My guess is if it doesn’t move materially outside of that range for an extended period of time, I’m not sure that would lead to support for pricing actions. 
Dan Heinrich: Again our target is 9 to 10, we had a strong increase obviously in the second quarter and that was planned all the way along. As we look at the second half of the year, we’re still likely to be in the middle to the higher end of that range and I think that’s a pretty good increase. I forget exactly what we had in the year ago period, but it should be, I think you should plan for in the higher end of the 9 to 10% range in the second half. 
Dan Heinrich: We already had in our plans to move that product and as Larry said particularly in charcoal we’re on track with that plan. 
Dan Heinrich: And in terms of our margins, we feel really good about our progress in the first half of the year. We’re a little bit ahead of our own expectations and its really kind of across the board, cost savings, continued cost savings, some of the other actions we’ve taken so we feel good about where we are.  We will be comping some pretty high margin increases in the year ago period because as you recall that’s when commodity prices collapsed. In our model it tends to be somewhat flexible. We try to drive a high level of cost savings. And we’re certainly on track. We’re on track for $115 to $120 million of cost savings this year the bulk of which will be in cost of goods sold, but we have other cost savings in other parts of our operating model.  Efficiency of our ad spending, our ROIs on that are improving. And we try to drive efficiency throughout the P&L and we’re awfully disciplined on the SG&A side as well. So as these things pop up, Venezuela was unfortunate but I think we’re managing through it effectively and our outlook also had a range of possible outcomes so we had some flex already sitting in the outlook range that we had.  But we’re able to respond to a certain extent to help absorb and drive performance and we’re not quite back to our historical margins but we’re certainly working to get there. Let me just comment on commodity reinflation, so most of the favorability we had expected to see in commodities did occur in the first half of the fiscal.  So as we look out into the second half of the fiscal year while we are seeing some commodity reinflation its pretty modest. Even though we’ll be comping against some big improvement numbers in the year ago the actual inflation we’re seeing is relatively modest. So as we look out, our margin expansion model is predicated on doing $80 to $90 million of cost savings a year and hopefully commodity inflation is in the $40 to $50 million range a year. And if we can stay inside those parameters, we would anticipate continued margin expansion. 
Dan Heinrich: Yes, you can call it in that range and that’s baked into our second half and that will impact our margins. As we’ve said though as commodities continue to increase we are seeing that start to impact the trade promotional environment and particularly as we look forward, assuming we even just stay in the range that we’re at today, we would expect some of that trade spending to subside and we should be able to bleed that expense out of our P&L.
Don Knauss: The only thing I would add on Mexico, Mexico for us is one of our smaller Latin American markets when you contrast it to Argentina, Chile, Venezuela certainly. We haven’t seen any material change in our business in Mexico. With the advent of H1N1 in Mexico when it started we saw really strong pickup in our sales because most of our business in Mexico, a lot of our business in Mexico, is in the disinfecting space. So for us it hasn’t had a material impact. 
Don Knauss: I think the only thing I’d add to Larry’s comments on your question around categories its interesting when you look at the all outlet data and you look at cat litter for example, we’re seeing over the last 52 weeks strong single-digit growth in that category. We’re seeing the same thing, low single-digit growth in food, but solid growth there. And I think this gets to the fact that people are staying home more.  We’ve seen the same kind of phenomenon with mid single-digit growth in charcoal. So I would think as long as the economy remains challenged which we don’t see that changing in the next 12 to 18 months for sure, but if this trend towards people staying home more bodes pretty well for some of our categories. 
Don Knauss: Well I think in cleaning, I think the real spike up in the category in cleaning is obviously been around the stain fighting category, color safe bleach category where we’ve seen low teen growth in the category. We’ll see that spending is probably going to continue to play out for the balance of this fiscal anyway, but I think its going to, as Larry said, its going to continue to kind of drop down as we get past that spending. 
Don Knauss: The other thing I would add on Green Works is basically think of Green Works as three different businesses, you’ve got the homecare the original five SKUs we launched and then the light duty liquid dishwashing soap, and then detergent.  I think the pricing on the homecare items and light duty liquid are in this 10 to 20% premium. When we initially launched detergent it got into the 30 to 505 premium depending on the retailer so what we’re really doing now is adjusting back to the original strategy we had for pricing on the first homecare launch and then the light duty liquid launch.  The good news for us in this brand or in this franchise is that the latest repeat data we have on our homecare line is its stabilizing in fact its been growing but its in the low 40’s for repeat so it has the best repeat of anything we’ve seen in the natural space.  And repeat is building on detergent as well, so the issue is trial. And we think getting these price points down closer to conventional leading brands is the key to the trial. 
Don Knauss: I think the interesting thing for that particular sub segment of that division, cleaning division, wipes in particular is going to be this is the product line that we’ve talked about this for a long time that has about 355 household penetration as a category. With the advent of H1N1 obviously we saw huge swings up in consumption. What’s going to be interesting in the second half of the year is to watch what happens to household penetration if we retain some of those users going forward. 
Don Knauss: Its not really a regional business, as I said their Dispatch brand which is the number one brand in bleach based products for the healthcare industry. Its not really a regional business, its pretty widely distributed. I think to your point the interesting thing for us in this is our reach into 600 of the 6000 hospitals that are out there, and their 1000 hospitals is almost totally unduplicated reach.  That was one of the big attractive features of Caltech and their sales organization for us is they virtually have these relationships in a totally different footprint of hospitals than we do. 
Don Knauss: And just for perspective if you take bleach as Larry noted in one of the three categories where we really interface with private label, I talked about the last 13 weeks private label in all of our categories combined being up about 1% they’re down 26% in measured channels in bleach. So there’s a huge swing down in bleach as we certainly got more focused on that category by managing our price gaps.  So you can see that there’s some real dramatic swings down in certain categories where we’re the primary brand. 
Don Knauss: Its interesting because that almost 26% decline in the last four weeks, its 25% decline in the last year so as we continue to advertise in that space and we also not only with our detergent alone, there’s not enough campaign but also the alternative uses of bleach and we’re managing our price gaps down and we have some innovation, I think its clearly paying off in that category. We see other categories like in wash stain removers as well where’s there real pressure on private label because of all the branded spending that’s going on in those categories. On the other hand we’re seeing some responsiveness, some robustness in private label in the charcoal category although that’s starting to wane as well.  But I think where you see the branded people really spending and innovating you’re seeing private label react as it has done historically.  
Don Knauss: Let me give you an example, I think with bleach based products just for some background, about a billion dollars is being spent by the healthcare industry on hard surface disinfecting primarily in hospitals but other acute care facilities as well like nursing homes.  Of that billion dollars only $30 million is bleach based. As the advent of hospital [inaudible] infections has really taken off where basically one out of ten people acquires an infection in a hospital bleach is the only thing certified by the EPA to kill [c dip] for example which is one of the leading causes of those infections.  So what we’re seeing from healthcare professionals is a much bigger interest now in bleach based products so we think the combination of our germicidal wipes and other products that are Clorox branded along with Dispatch from Caltech, we’ve got an opportunity to really develop protocols.  For example in New York Presbyterian one of the more significant hospital chains in the country, we’re selling hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of bleach based disinfecting products and we’re trying to take that best practice and model that across the country now. It doesn’t take much arithmetic to figure out if a small percentage of the 6000 hospitals are on the same protocol as New York Presbyterian which is having big success, managing these infections, it opens up a significant growth opportunity and we could do something good for the consumers out there.  So we’ll continue to look at those best practice cases like New York Presbyterian and try to drive that with this expanded sales force now across the country. 
Don Knauss: Thanks everyone for joining us today. As I think you all know that we had a terrific second quarter and first half of the year and we look forward to discussing our third quarter with you in the next few months so, thanks again and we’ll look forward to speaking to you on the next call. Take care.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Wanted to see if you could please talk a little bit more about the sustainability of volume growth particularly in the areas where you had really good volume so in cleaning and lifestyle, you mentioned a little bit of a slowdown given the H1N1, I wanted to get an understanding if you can quantify that a little bit and similarly on Brita I guess in lifestyle.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: And just to recap a little bit so lifestyles still roughly double-digit is what we should think about and cleaning still positive growth but low single-digits is how we should think about it, is that fair.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: And I guess, part of the reason I asked that question I’m just trying to understand a little bit about the price elasticity you’re seeing. So is it that the price sensitivity is just as you would have expected, clearly in North America market pricing including no trade spend or promotion, down in cleaning, down in household, down in lifestyle, internationally the only place that’s growing, we’ll put international aside for a moment, are you seeing the elasticity you would have expected or is it less than you have expected if you pull out the H1N1 and perhaps some of the Brita broader themes here.
Ali Dibadj - Sanford Bernstein: Because the scary thing is, could potentially be going forward if that pedal to the metal from competitors and yourselves don’t, doesn’t release a little bit and you have to put in more pricing to get these volumes but commodity starts to peak up as you look forward between the back half of this calendar year, so the expectations it sounds like is that people are going to let go a little bit of being aggressive on pricing as commodity peaks up are not willing to take the hit folks used to take a year, year and a half ago, on the gross margins. Is that how we should think about it. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping to get a little more color around your thoughts on uses of cash, as leverage levels get down, I know you had alluded a bit to some tuck in deals but I guess the magnitude of the one you did is obviously relatively small, how are you balancing buyback versus deals and what kind of opportunities are you seeing in the deal pipeline. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: And then I think you alluded a little bit to an expectation that the promotional environment will back off going forward just as commodity declines, start to moderate, have you seen any early inklings of that in some of the categories where that’s been more of an issue. 
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: And then just on the trash bag, any quick comment on [inaudible] taking over the private label supply contract at Wal-Mart, does that mean anything to you or is that just something we shouldn’t worry about. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: I just have a quick question on the level of volume growth in the household business particularly around GLAD, so it sounds like trash is obviously getting better, is there in fact a drag from food bags having fewer facings going forward and if so, does that sort of impact the volume numbers for a couple of quarters that would maybe keep a little bit of a lid on volume growth in that division to the rest of the year. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And was it particular to this quarter and then thinking about the next two, is that a drag we should be thinking about because it just sort of looks like in this quarter with the big step up in promotion in the household business with volume stabilized which is good but we didn’t get growth yet. As I look over the next two quarters is there still a drag in there from food bags having fewer facings or is it so small I shouldn’t even think about it. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay so trash has started to improve and is growing and is expected to grow the rest of the year and then a little bit of an overhang, but really the biggest overhang in that division at this point is the food bag business because everything else is really stabilizing and starting to grow. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then in cleaning do you have any sense yet, you talked about a trough that means you actually expect shipments for disinfecting products to decline in Q3—
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then you think though its probably like a one quarter thing because its really just a matter of an adjustment and things can kind of stabilize by the end of the year. 
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And then on the acquisition because its obviously you said small but its great news because you’ve been looking to do something in this area for awhile. Are these businesses, does it tend to be regional like these guys are based in Michigan, so it sort of services a certain geographic region and it’s a little bit of a consolidation play that way. 
Chris Ferrera: So you mentioned private label swelling, I just want to get an understanding of the nature of that. I guess (a) can you talk about what categories in particular you’re seeing it, if its disproportionately large in any of them and then also is that really just the lapping of big moves or is it related to anything specific that you or maybe other brands have been doing. Just trying to get a sense of whether it’s a lap or whether its some kind of change.  
Chris Ferrera: So in your view this is not just a lapping, in bleach specifically, its not a lapping it’s a response to some of the competitive actions you’ve taken to mitigate their growth. 
Chris Ferrera: On a totally other note, have you seen in the natural cleaning lines, have you seen retailers to any extent lose their nerve. I understand consumption trends are down in things like Green Works but what about the space allocated to these higher priced cleaning products. Has that remained constant through this. 
Chris Ferrera: And then finally I guess one last one, the hard conversion to, I thought that you were going to see some impact this quarter from it, and I don’t know if I missed it and you talked about it, but could you see pressure from increased promo related to hard conversions that are happening and what’s the scheduling of the product pipeline relative to what it was say three months ago or six months ago. 
Chris Ferrera: But there was a drag this quarter related to extra promo to move product from older products, stuff like that. 
