Steve Austenfeld: Great. Thanks, Kevin. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining Clorox's fourth quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Don Knauss, Clorox's Chairman and CEO; Larry Peiros, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Dan Heinrich, our Chief Financial Officer. We're broadcasting this call over the Internet, and a replay of the call will be available for 7 days at our website, thecloroxcompany.com. Let me remind you that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures including, but not limited to, free cash flow, EBIT margin and debt-to-EBITDA. Management believes that providing insights on these measures enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. Reconciliation with the most directly comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP can be found in today’s press release, this webcast's prepared remarks or supplemental information available in the Financial Results area of our website, as well as in our filings with the SEC. In particular, it may be helpful to refer to tables located at the end of today’s earnings release.  Please recognize that today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements. Actual results or outcomes could differ materially from management's expectations and plans. Please review our most recent 10-K filing with the SEC and our other SEC filings for a description of important factors that could cause results or outcomes to differ materially from management's expectations and plans. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.  Today, Don will start by sharing his perspective on our fourth quarter and fiscal year '11 results and the current business environment. Larry will then discuss our top line results for the quarter, followed by Dan, who will review our financial performance and outlook for fiscal year '12. Don will wrap up with his perspective on fiscal '12 before we then take your questions. Lastly, as a reminder, unless noted, our financial results exclude the impact of the noncash second quarter goodwill impairment charge.  With that, let me turn it over to Don.
Steve Austenfeld: Alice, this is Steve. As we see it right now, there is no material difference among the halves or the quarters in terms of the impact from pricing and volume. And again, just to reiterate, we're expecting to get round numbers about 400 basis points of benefit from pricing, and a good portion of that will be offset with volume losses as consumers adjust to those higher prices. So I think echoing back to I think it was Chris's question as well, 400 basis points of benefit from pricing. But you end up closer to flat, maybe slightly up on volume. And that's included then in our sales outlook of 1% to 3% on the year.
Steve Austenfeld: I wouldn't want to give you a specific number or range, but Larry mentioned in his comments that at this point, we don't see a material difference throughout the year in sales growth quarters-to-quarter or among the halves. I mean, it will certainly be different, but nothing like what we saw in fiscal '11, where we had some prior year comparisons that made sales growth a little bit more choppy through the year. The best we can tell you right now is that it will be pretty consistent.
Steve Austenfeld: In the interest of time, why don't we take one more question? And for any those of you who may still be in the queue, I encourage you to call our IR team afterwards, and we'll be happy to address any remaining questions.
Donald Knauss: Thanks, Steve. Hello, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. As noted in the press release, we delivered strong fourth quarter results, and I look forward to discussing those with you in detail. But before I turn to our discussion of the quarter, however, I would like to take a minute to address the Icahn Enterprises proposal.  As you know, on July 20, we received an unsolicited, conditional proposal from Icahn Enterprises to acquire Clorox for $80 per share. Now our Board of Directors, in consultation with our independent legal and financial advisors, carefully considered to Mr. Icahn's proposal and concluded it substantially undervalues the company and is not credible. We don't intend to comment further regarding the unsolicited proposal at this time, as the purpose of this call is really to discuss our earnings results and our financial outlook for FY '12. So with that, let's me turn to our results. We delivered strong fourth quarter results with 4% sales growth and 20% increase in diluted earnings per share. Now as we noted throughout fiscal 2011, we anticipated achieving higher growth in the second half of the year versus the first half, and we delivered it, returning to solid sales, profit and EPS growth in that period. In fact, we delivered the second half sales growth of 3%, second half net earnings growth of 6% and second half diluted EPS growth of 11%.  Now as I look back on fiscal 2011, the external environment was certainly characterized by a slow economic recovery, declining U.S. categories and rising commodity costs. I think we're all familiar with those trends. With that in mind, I feel very good about our organization's demonstrated ability to effectively manage our business and successfully execute our Centennial Strategy and deliver results. We talked about a lot about our 3D capabilities, and those capabilities around Desire, Decide and Delight have never been stronger. And I think they're reflected in our all-time high U.S. all-retail outlet market share results. We achieved a 27.9% share, and that's up higher than any of our branded competitors. And we feel very good about that result. In the area of Delight, in fiscal year 2011, we again exceeded our innovation target of 2% of incremental sales from new products and packages coming in at 2.8% of incremental sales. And now, with 48% of our sales coming from consumer-preferred products versus the competition, we're on track to meet or exceed our 2013 50% customer preference goal a full year early.  Now our market share and innovation performance in FY '11, I think, demonstrates the strong capabilities that Clorox brings to our portfolio of leading brands. And although our products are found in many different aisles of the store, we ship our products to the same customer set, on the same trucks and through the same warehouses. We leverage our deep capabilities in consumer and shopper insights to identify consumer needs and then solve for them with outstanding innovation across the portfolio. And I think, as you're all familiar to, we also use best-in-class cost savings capabilities and methodologies across all parts of our portfolio.  As a proof point, in FY '11, this led to more than $100 million in cost savings for the 10th consecutive year. And all of these capabilities have led to our strong portfolio of leading brands and helped us achieve our top-tier EBIT margins among our peer companies.  Finally, as I look back on FY '11, I'm certainly pleased about the substantial cash we were able to return to stockholders as a result of our strong free cash flow and proceeds from the Auto Care business. Just for a perspective, in 2011, we returned $650 million to stockholders through share repurchases, and we returned $303 million in the form of dividends. So in total, we returned nearly $1 billion in cash to stockholders in FY '11. And in May, we announced an increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.55 to $0.60, a substantial 9% increase.  So to sum it up, I'm certainly proud of our success in executing our Centennial Strategy, creating value for our customers and our customers and our stockholders. We grew market share in our categories, launched innovation to capitalize on the consumer megatrends we talked a lot about to all of you. And we have effectively managed the business to increase profit and return significant cash to our stockholders.  And with that, let me turn it over to Larry.
Donald Knauss: Pricing is really the big kind of wild card in terms of the full year. We do expect that the sales trend will be about the same, first half and second half. But as you will recall, our first half last year was pretty weak. We were down about 3%, and the second half is much stronger. So what we're indexing off of is quite different. So I would say, essentially, what is reflected in our volume outlook is really the -- largely the impact of pricing. FX is a minor, at this point, a minor piece of the pie.
Donald Knauss: The impact is -- there's also the impact of innovation, which we expect will be 2 to 3 points of incremental sales growth.
Donald Knauss: The only thing I -- This is Don, Tim. The only thing I would add to that is what Larry -- his last comment about innovation. I think when you look at our innovation pipeline, those items that were -- we teed up for the trade in the first half of this fiscal year, and then what we are going to launch in January, we feel very bullish about the innovation pipeline, which in an aggressive pricing environment really helps when you tie those price increases to substantial innovation.
Donald Knauss: And I would just add, Ali, as Dan said, we're planning on completing the share purchase in FY '12. So we still have those plans in place to do that. As far as the self-laudatory comment, I think we're just trying to put the facts out there about what we’ve achieved over the last 3 years.
Donald Knauss: I think, like I said, our plans are to continue to buy back stock. We exited in that window. We're planning to complete our share repurchases in FY '12, as we noted before.
Donald Knauss: The only other thing I would add on that, as far as our largest retailer goes, is that they're focused to returning to the basics of getting the assortment back where they want it, getting some of the executional details at the store level righted. I think they're certainly going in the right direction. And I think, as you look at all of our retail partners, they're getting the same kinds of cost pressures on their brands that the branded manufacturers are seeing. So while no one likes these price increases, I think everyone has to take on a cost-justified basis the right level of pricing. And again, what I would just add that, that's caused us to really step up the pace of innovation, and I feel good about linking a lot of that pricing to innovative products.
Donald Knauss: And I think the thing that we take comfort in and confirm the direction we're taking is the fact that we’ve gained more market share than any of our competitive set during this period says to us we're on the right value delivery for our consumers. So if we weren't gaining share, I'd probably have a different answer for you. But the fact is we're gaining share at a faster clip than any of our branded competitors, and we think that the consumer is voting with their wallet and saying you guys are delivering value.
Donald Knauss: At that level, Bill, that 14% to 15% that Dan said, it should still keep us on the top third of our peer set in terms of efficiency around SG&A.
Donald Knauss: I think the other thing, Bill, you'll see is a new advertising campaign on bleach which gets at the younger generation and increasing awareness and usage among that cohort. And also, as Larry said, there's some innovation around new products that really make it much more convenient and easier to dose an HE machine where there's a particular problem, given the small trays that most HE machines have. So you'll see some new products very quickly here that address that as well as new advertising.
Donald Knauss: I don't think our trends were inconsistent with that, which is kind of interesting given that consumer spending in June on a macro sense was down. But yes, our trends weren’t inconsistent with that, Bill.
Donald Knauss: The categories continue to grow both from a volume standpoint, as well as from a sales standpoint. And again, we focus on innovation in the U.S., but a lot of that -- a big portion of that plays out in International markets as well. So we have probably a stronger -- well we do have a strong innovation program this year in International than we did previous year.
Donald Knauss: It's probably about in line with the rest of it. So I don't think we'll see a dramatic difference between U.S. and International this year.
Donald Knauss: It's really kind of a more of a timing issue than anything else, right? So pricing takes effect for the most part in August kind of timing. So we’ve already cut off part of the year, just in terms of when it actually gets in the marketplace. And then depending on when competitors match and how quickly they match and how quickly that's reflected in retail, there’s, typically, a bit of a lag. So typically, the pricing plays out, in terms of what gets into the marketplace and what gets into consumers' heads over the course of a few months. And so the real impact is really in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. Does that address your question? In terms of the innovation, we’re just adding innovation as we go through the year. So we have essentially a bunch of innovation that goes out in July and kind of a second staging of innovation, the second half of the year.
Donald Knauss: So with that, thanks everyone for joining us on the call. And we certainly look forward to speaking to you again in the fall when we share our fiscal first quarter results. So take care, everyone. Thanks.
Daniel Heinrich: Wendy, this is Dan. We, obviously, every quarter look pretty thoroughly at our plans for the coming quarters and the year. We just launched our initial outlook in May, and we're only about 30 days or so into the fiscal year. We evaluate anything that's changing, our outlook on commodity costs, advertising, pricing, projections of volume, cost savings and various actions that we might take. So we evaluate all those factors, including the amount and timing of share repurchases. So while we are seeing some favorability, at least, initially in terms of what we're expecting for commodities for the full year, as we evaluate all of the other changes in the outlook, we’ve concluded that the $4 to $4.10 range is still appropriate for us for fiscal '12.
Daniel Heinrich: No real changes to plans for promotional spending over the course of the year. It is primarily related to our updated view on commodities.
Daniel Heinrich: Keep in mind, I'm not sure if you got it. This is Dan, I don't know if you have it in your analysis. But as you know, whenever we take pricing, it has a depressive near-term effect on volume. So at least on the top line in the early phases of pricing, the rate benefit gets washed out to a substantial extent by the impact on volume, and then as consumers adjust to the prices over time, we see that volume return.
Daniel Heinrich: The biggest component that we have in our commodity space is, obviously, resin, which is tied to the price of energy and oil. And so, we're projecting a little bit more favorability in resin over the balance of the year. That's predicated on kind of oil remaining in the trading range that it's been in recently. So again, if we do see a spike in that, we might have to revisit that assumption. But the biggest change in the commodity basket was resin.
Daniel Heinrich: Sure. Let me just run through the comparatives. If you went back the last 3 or 4 years, you would see our CapEx used to be right around $200 million to $210 million roughly, about equal to depreciation and amortization. What elevated in fiscal '11 at $228 million, primarily related to IT investments. And then, we're expecting a range of $240 million to $250 million in fiscal '12, driven by both additional IT investments and facilities. We're expecting to see that starting to come back down as we enter into fiscal '13. In fact, we would expect -- we'll have a little bit of tail in the IT investments in '13. But over the 2013, 2014 period, you should see us get back to about that $200 million to $210 million CapEx spend level.
Daniel Heinrich: Ali, this is Dan. We're not going to comment on our point of view regarding how we value the company or how we think about the company. So what I would point to is, again, why we think we can generate shareholder value over time, the investment thesis, why we think we're a good investment. And that gets back into our strong brands and capabilities, our track record of generating cash flow, our 3D ability to innovate, all of those factors are part of why we think we're a very good investment for investors. But we're not going to speculate or comment on any point of view regarding the value of the company.
Daniel Heinrich: I can't comment on specifically the facts and circumstances that led to our decision to stop share repurchases. And so, it has nothing to do with our view of the value of the company. It has to do with other factors, and we just simply can't comment on those factors.
Daniel Heinrich: Again, Ali, you can keep probing, but we're not going to comment on our point on valuations of stock. The only thing I will say is that -- well, we're just not going to comment on it, sorry.
Daniel Heinrich: Well, Lynn, I think you also have to factor in the $36 million to $40 million of spending, expense spending we're doing against IT and facilities. And you can take a point of view whether that's a onetime investment or ongoing. We would view it as onetime. So we've made that choice. It would be easy to kick that can down the road and say, "Gee, these things are tough right now, let's not make that investment." But we think that’s the -- a good investment to make for the company because it will allow us to drive future cost savings and efficiency and provide platforms for growth. So you've got to keep in mind is that $35 million to $40 million that are in there. Obviously, when we're going from $90 million of commodity cost pressure to $140 million to $150 million, that's a big impact. We will see the vast majority or a big portion of that impact in the first half of the year. But our projections right now as we look at it, on our cost savings, our pricing and everything else, we believe we're taking the right actions to be able to weather through the impacts of those cost increases and just start to see margin growth in the back half of the year.
Daniel Heinrich: Let me talk and a lot of what goes on in SG&A does end up in the Corporate segment. So let me kind of talk about our SG&A levels. If you look at SG&A for the full fiscal year, we ended up at about 14%. I think, historically, we've been more around the 12.5% to 13% level. We're elevated up around the 14% level. It has to do with our IT, it has to do with our facilities investments, but we also have lower incentive compensation in the year. So part of what you see in the Corporate segment and the reason you don't actually see a bigger increase in selling and admin is really due to lower incentive compensation cost for fiscal '11. Now as you think about fiscal '12, the right range for selling and admin is in the 14% to 15% range. We are a company that pays for performance. And again, while we feel good about the second half of fiscal '11, we did hit our stretch targets in our incentive compensation programs. And therefore, there's lower incentive compensation expense for fiscal '11. Assuming we're able to hit our targets for fiscal '12, we should see a return to more normal incentive compensation levels for '12. So again, I think 14% to 15% would be the right range for fiscal '12.
Daniel Heinrich: We'll be -- Phase 1 of the project in the International SAP will go out in '12. It will probably be fiscal '13 before we start to see meaningful benefit from that investment. So -- and it will be included. This is how we keep this $90 million to $100 million plus in cost savings going, as the investments that we're making this year are the ones that throw off the cost savings in 2 to 3 years. So yes, we will report the cost savings as part of our normal cost savings reporting.
Daniel Heinrich: Lauren, the roughly 400 basis points we’ve talked to of pricing benefit, that's a rate benefit in the sales line. So again, we're indicating that from a sales perspective, we're going to offset a good portion of that with lower volume as consumers adjust. On the gross margin line, round numbers, you're only going to see about half of that benefit despite the nature of sales versus gross margin or gross profit. If that makes sense.
Daniel Heinrich: So generally, when we see volume declines in pricing and others take pricing in the category, we see category declines. And so, in a perfect world, if everybody takes kind of pricing at the same time, the relative pricing stays about the same. Volume in the category goes down, but our share essentially is preserved. That's kind of in a perfect situation. And generally speaking, most categories we're seeing competitors match, and again, it may take some time to get a reflected on the shelf. But we're seeing matching. Are we willing to take volume share declines for pricing? Certainly, in the short term, that's an effect that we often see, and the answer to that as yes.
Lawrence Peiros: So if you look at the all-retail outlet consumption numbers on a kind of 52-week ending basis over the last 3 quarters, there's a bit of an uptick in terms of the rate of decrease. In other words, there's less decrease this quarter than there was last quarter. And there's less decrease in that quarter than there was the previous quarter. So we're seeing some sequential improvement in terms of the trend in the all-outlet data. Still obviously negative and still affected by the economy. But there is a bit of a tick-up, which gives us some encouragement.
Lawrence Peiros: The commodities have come down in terms of what we think the increase will be year-over-year, but the commodities are still up dramatically versus a year ago. So there's still a very compelling case for taking pricing on our brands. It really hasn't has gone away very significantly. So I don't see a concern there. Obviously, we're very concerned about the consumer response in this economic environment to pricing. The good news is we're being matched by competitive sets. The good news is we've been through these kinds of cycles before. And we've proven that our models are very predictive, and with things like innovation and brand-building efforts, we can weather the storm. But that clearly is the biggest concern we have around pricing is the ultimate consumer reaction.
Lawrence Peiros: So I mean, that particular customer has never been a fan of price increases. And so, we always provide a thorough discussion about the reason for taking pricing out, obviously, based on largely raw material cost increases. I would not say that's been a particular issue with either that retailer or other retailers this time around, just because pricing is so rampant in the marketplace. I mean, a lot of the commodity pressure we're feeling are even more acute in some of the food categories. And so, retails are seeing a lot of pricing. Obviously, none of us likes the inflationary effect of that. That's kind of reality, and given that our pricing is based on sound economics, they've been accepted by all retailers at this point.
Lawrence Peiros: Generally speaking, it's not materially different. There are a few categories where it's changed. But generally speaking, we haven't seen huge changes. And quite frankly, it's a larger value equation and the reason why I think Don keeps coming back to innovation is that news on products or products that are more convenient or better working help the value equation. So they help offset the negative impact of simply the price.
Lawrence Peiros: And the other thing I'd tell you is pricing is a brand-by-brand, category-by-category situation. Elasticities do vary quite a bit by business and category, and obviously, our innovation plans vary by business and category over time. So we always look at these things very specifically in terms of what we do by brand.
Lawrence Peiros: So we've been out with dosing messages. I think you know we haven't picked up any material changes yet, but it's something that we continue focus on. And some of the longer-term innovation will also, I think, address the innovation story as well as broader use of Bleach.
Lawrence Peiros: Lauren, we’ve had a long track record of cost savings. You’d have to go back years ago to say the low-hanging fruit was cleared out. So most of the projects that we have these days, they’re multiyear in nature. They require investment funds. We manage our cost savings pipeline, just like we do on new products. We look out 2 to 3 to 4 to 5 years. We go through our cost savings ideas. We look at which ones we want to invest in, which ones have the biggest return. And then we make those choices. And so, in any one quarter basis, first of all, in every project, we try to get it to be -- get the cost savings as quickly as we can in that particular project. But we do so with a lens to make sure that we're not suboptimizing the total cost savings we get from the project, trading off speed to savings versus maximizing the savings or jeopardizing the sustainability of those savings. So to say that we could suddenly -- because of the multiyear nature and the investments required suddenly move up our cost savings to $20 million to $30 million to $40 million. The short answer would be no. That's not how we manage, that's not how we invest. What we are really looking forward is the sustainability over time. And we also have this $20 million to $30 million that we set aside each year to invest in these projects. Obviously, this year we're elevating it a little bit for IT and facilities to help enhance that. But we allocate that out to the highest return project. So we feel really good about our track record. But given the multiyear nature, it's pretty hard to say that we can meaningfully move the number quarter-to-quarter.
Lawrence Peiros: Our targeted capital structure, at least as we think about debt to EBITDA, we’ve said pretty consistently that we like to operate in a 2.0x to 2.5x debt to EBITDA. That really remains unchanged. I think we finished the year fiscal '11 just slightly below 2.3x debt to EBITDA. I think we have a good balance of dividends versus share repurchase in our mix. We'd even like to stay in that 2x to 2.5x even with acquisitions. So I think we're pretty comfortable there. It's not to say that we wouldn't go above 2.5x, if we didn't see -- if we saw a good opportunity from an inorganic growth standpoint. But I think from an operating basis, we're comfortable with that kind of debt structure, debt to EBITDA. And obviously, we're still fully committed to returning any capital that we have in the business that we don't need in the business.
