Donald R. Knauss: Thanks, Steve, and hello, everyone. Obviously, we're very pleased to deliver the highest year-over-year quarterly growth in 3 years and built on the top line growth trend we've seen throughout the year, which, I think, as you know now, has delivered 5% year-to-date sales growth. Our strong top line performance and record-high U.S. market share, I think, does really speak to our strong execution and the power inherent in our brands.  I think one of the really rewarding things about the quarter is we continued to see retailers choosing our brands to generate traffic and return our mutual categories to growth, resulting in distribution gains and some increased merchandising as we noted for the third quarter in particular. At the same time, we continue to see commodity cost increases, general inflationary factors and mix challenges pressuring our margins, as Steve just talked about. And we have an intense focus on this to improve margins over time.  Now turning to FY '13 and the outlook we provided today, I believe we have strong plans in place to deliver our top line margin and EPS targets for fiscal year '13. And as we look ahead to that year, I'd like to just reiterate to you the focus we have on 3 things in particular.  First, building our brands and categories through this continued 3D execution that we do, I think, extremely well, including another strong stream of innovation in providing customer capabilities that our retail partners really value. And just as a side note again, our innovation should reach an all-time high this year, north of 3% growth, so we continue to build on that pipeline.  Second, building our margins with a real focus on cost and optimizing product and channel mix, which will be a real focus as we move into '13.  And then lastly, completing our IT systems and R&D facility improvements to help drive cost savings and growth over the long term. So we're certainly optimistic about our plans. We're confident in our ability to execute those plans and drive long-term shareholder value.  With that, why don't we open up the lines for your questions.
Donald R. Knauss: Wendy, this is Don. I do feel good about the way we've managed the pricing and the cost savings, frankly. I think to have reached an all-time high market share when you've taken 400 basis points of pricing, I think it says that we're managing these brands very well. I do think, obviously, in addition to the commodity increases we've seen this year and other inflation, I think in the third quarter, in particular, which I don't think is a trend, is the mix issue that we had to confront with some fairly very successful merchandising that we didn't anticipate it growing in the large sizes as fast as it did. We certainly see that moderating as we go into the fourth quarter into fiscal '13, so I think we'll continue to see some benefit there. But I think we've managed the pricing on these brands extremely well.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes, let me start, then I'll ask Larry and Steve to jump in. Chris, I think -- first of all, I think everyone -- we should probably keep one quarter in perspective here. If you go back to last quarter, we had a 20 basis points contraction in gross margin and virtually no mix impact. We have traditionally had in the January, February, March quarter some interesting and unique merchandising events of fairly large scale. We had those again in this quarter and they did extremely well, with double-digit growth coming off of some of these merchandising events. So it really drove into larger sizes, twin packs, triple packs, things like that. So that -- as I said, Chris, that traditionally has happened in the January, February, March quarter. If you look at -- as we head into the fourth quarter this fiscal year and then into the first half of fiscal '13, we don't tend to have those same like -- same type of merchandising events concentrated in one quarter. So I think it is a bit of an aberration. What we'll do about that, obviously, is continue to look at -- as we take pricing, look at the pricing curves across channels and across product sizes. So we continue to sharpen our look at that and our analytics on that. But I wouldn't get this -- I wouldn't take this quarter and say it is a predictor of what's coming because we usually have this in this quarter. And again, I'd go back to last quarter when it didn't manifest itself at all.
Donald R. Knauss: Yes. I think, Chris, if you look at what we're thinking about for the fourth quarter, we obviously see margins while contracting nowhere near at the level we saw in this quarter, 180 dropping significantly into the 100 basis point range for next quarter and then, as Steve talked about, some modest increases in gross margin as we go forward. So I think, as I said, we'll continue to do 3 things here to really get ahead of this thing as we head into fiscal '13. One is we'll continue to drive the cost savings hard. Second, we'll really take a hard look at the pricing curves as we always do, and I think that's one of the reasons we've been successful with the pricing we've taken. And then third, you'll continue to see from us even more margin accretive innovation, and we'll continue to push that. If you look at just the last quarter, what's really helped, the Bleach Gel is off to a decent start; Liquid-Plumr Double Impact; Brita on-the-go bottle with new colors, new iterations. All those things are margin accretive to the company. And then obviously Burt's innovation is accretive to the company. So we'll continue to push those 3 things hard.
Donald R. Knauss: So I think we do have obviously a pricing plan for next year. I would say it's not the same rate as it has been in fiscal '12, but we also have some carryover for fiscal -- from fiscal '12. So there's pricing we took in the second half of fiscal '12 that obviously will continue to impact FY '13. We also have some additional pricing actions that hadn't been announced this year that will impact fiscal '13. And in addition to that, we have some pricing actions that we'll take next year. So there is a fair amount of pricing but not at the level of what we're seeing this year. Trade spending is also an area. Trade spending is obviously both for building merchandising, as well as, to some extent, a pricing action. And we're also working rigorously in trying to reduce our trade spending next fiscal year, and that will be part of the overall margin equation.
Donald R. Knauss: Ali, I would just clarify as well that the pricing document you're referencing, which is posted on our website, that only captures pricing actions that have been announced or actually implemented. So building off Larry's comments, I think as we go through the fiscal year, assuming we take those pricing actions, you'll begin to see those show up on that document.
Donald R. Knauss: And I think one of the other outliers in this quarter, Ali, was also the amount of charcoal that was moved in early because of the weather. No one obviously can predict the weather. It was a bit of an aberration this year how much of -- how improved the weather was. And of course, with daylight savings time, moving into early March, we got a lot of significant merchandising support. We hope certainly that, that merchandising support there and on the other brands continues, but that's in the base now too. So I think that's another point that you have to look at.
Donald R. Knauss: I think just to be clear on Venezuela, one of the reasons we think it obviously will start to improve is the new pricing protocols went in place April 1. There's obviously been a lot of working through those regulations during the month of April. The stickering of products actually started yesterday, May 1, so we're finally getting the new pricing on the shelf. So clearly, consumers -- first of all, retailers, and then consumers have really been out of the market, and that's why we saw such a dramatic volume shortfall in the quarter.
Donald R. Knauss: Javier, I think you're making too much out of one quarter and inferring that, that is the pricing protocol that incurs on these brands. If that were true the last quarter, we would have seen the same kind of trend. I think this is unique to the January, February, March quarter and the merchandising events. A lot of it is twin pack charcoal, for example. That really accelerated in the quarter because of the warm weather. Some of it is double and triple pack on Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Those pricing curves have been adjusted over time. It's more about the strength and uniqueness in some of the merchandising events that went on in January, February, March. It's not really about something systemic with the pricing curves on the brands or it would have manifested itself in the other quarters as well.
Donald R. Knauss: Lauren, I don't know if you saw, this is an aside, but one of the things we're using to try and leverage gud as well, last week, SELF Magazine did a survey and they evaluated 1,300 beauty care products. About half a dozen of them were showcased on The View last week. gud shampoo and gud conditioner won independently in that survey, so they were like 2 of the 6 or 8 products profiled on The View last week. So we're leveraging that. But clearly, these products are starting to resonate with people.
Donald R. Knauss: Bill, that other inflation, about 40% of that is in international markets, and most of that is due to the labor inflation in high inflationary countries just trying to keep up with salary.
Donald R. Knauss: I think a good chunk of it, Bill, is due to innovation. I think one of the things we learned in the last 2.5 years is if you try and -- if you couple your price increases with innovation, it certainly helps. So I think if you look at our categories, there's been fairly significant innovation. If you look at the trash category, for example, that 2 years ago, 1.5 years ago, was declining 10%. Now it's up 4% or 5%. And if you look at things like OdorShield, Febreze, if you look at the Home Care category, we're starting to come back. You see Bleach Foamer, a number of innovations by us and competitors. I think a lot of it is tied to innovation.
Donald R. Knauss: Well, thanks, everyone, for participating on the call, and we’ll look forward to updating you on the last quarter of the year in August. Take care.
Stephen M. Robb: Wendy, this is Steve Robb. Let me take a portion of this. First of all, let me start with margin. And the big thing to recognize next year is that our EBIT margin is expected to be flat. Now first, turning to the gross margins, our gross margin, we are expecting modest improvement in gross margin next year. And the reason that we are optimistic that we're going to see margins begin to stabilize and improve as we go into next year is because, first, we've got the benefits of the pricing that we've taken, which has gone extremely well. In fact, pricing has probably gone better than we expected, and we're continuing to build all-outlet market share. We're continuing to target cost savings of about 150 basis points each year. And also, we're pretty optimistic on our ability to deliver innovation that will be margin accretive over time. Now when you take those 3 factors and then you look at commodity cost, which are expected to go up next year, along with other inflationary pressures, they're going to go up but they're going to go up less than we saw this year, so they're going to be increasing, call it, 2% to 3% versus the 3% to 4% we had this year. And when you net all of that together, we believe we're going to get modest gross margin improvement. Now that said, we are making incremental investments in the infrastructure that we've been talking about, so SG&A is expected to be slightly higher than this fiscal year. And when you net it, we're looking at flat EBIT margins. I think longer term, as we look forward, we would expect that improving gross margins, anniversary-ing some of these infrastructure investments will enable us to begin to build the EBIT margin, so that what you'll start to see is that the earnings growth will begin to grow faster than the sales growth more consistent with what we've seen in earlier years.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, well, we are continuing to focus on, number one, focusing on that gross margin and getting it to recover. And again, I think, as we've indicated, we do expect that gross margin will begin to increase modestly next year, although it's going to take some time. And certainly, it is taking longer to rebuild the margins than we had originally anticipated. Again, I would just echo that as we work through these infrastructure investments and start to anniversary that into fiscal '14, we would expect that those EBIT margins will begin to increase again, and you'll start to see that flow through.
Stephen M. Robb: Let me start off and answer your tax question, and maybe I'll ask Larry to address Charcoal. Turning to the tax, historically, our tax rate for Clorox usually runs in the range of 34% to 35%. Now for fiscal '12, the tax rate is anticipated to be about 32% to 33%, so it's actually a bit lower than what we've historically seen. And the reason for that is we've had some onetime tax settlements that have given us some benefits this fiscal year. So as we look to fiscal '13 and we project a tax rate of about 34%, we would just say that that's basically returning to more of a normalized tax rate for the company as opposed to something unusual.
Stephen M. Robb: We've continued to see inflationary pressures on manufacturing and logistics. To your point, it includes things like diesel fuel, which, I think, everybody is aware has run up pretty strongly. It also includes just things like wage inflation, particularly in our international markets. Health care costs have been increasing. It's all of those things, and we do expect that will continue as we go into next year. And we are fully anticipating that and building plans that anticipate it and making sure that the pricing and other actions that we work to recover those costs.
Stephen M. Robb: Let me try the part of the gross margin piece, and then I'll turn it over to Don for the sales. On the gross margin, just a little more color on the quarter. We had about 140 basis point drag on gross margins tied to mix. 2/3 of that is what Larry and Don just spoke to, which came out of our U.S. business, and about 1/3 was country mix coming out of our International business, driven in part by Venezuela. If we look into, certainly the fourth quarter, we would expect the country mix is going to continue. But over time, that's going to get built into the base and it would start to dissipate. Some of the size mix is just a long-term trend as consumers trade up to larger value-oriented sizes. And to Don's point, we just need to take a look at pricing and other actions to address it. However, the piece that’s related to merchandising that was so significant in the quarter, we just don't project that going forward. So mix will continue to be a drag on margins going forward but not at the levels that you're seeing in the third quarter.
Stephen M. Robb: I think the way you should think about it, if you just step back, our outlook is 2% to 4% sales growth next year. It assumes that stepping back, our categories are going to be flat to up modestly. We are targeting about 3 points of innovation, which is kind of at the high end of the 2% to 3% range but certainly reflects the strength of what we've seen in innovation. We do expect pricing. But pricing, mix and these factors could add a point or take away a point depending on how things play out as we go through the year. And we'll have to get farther into the year before we can figure it out.
Stephen M. Robb: So Ali, let me try to answer both pieces of the question. So first, we're talking country mix. Okay? That was the piece that we were referencing earlier. And I think, as we talked in the second quarter call, we're mentioning again our business in Venezuela has been down double digits. We're starting to see that in the second quarter of this fiscal. We've seen it again in the third quarter. At a certain point, it just becomes in the run rate of the business, and it's in the base. So as you think of country mix, certainly, as we look at Q4, in early '13, it’ll continue to be a drag. But after a certain point, the consumer will adjust to the new lower pricing, will adjust to the new pricing. It will be reflected in the base, and that was the comment there. As far as the Away From Home business, I don't think we made any comments on that and that's certainly not having a negative impact on our business.
Stephen M. Robb: So Javier, this is Steve Robb. Let me see if I can clarify. We have, as you mentioned, lowered our gross margin outlook for the full year to 125 to 150 basis points of decline. It really reflects 2 things. One, fiscal year to date, the compression we've seen in gross margin, driven in part by the third quarter gross margin and mix issues that we've already articulated. But it's also negative country mix for reasons that we've previously discussed that will come through in the fourth quarter. So we are lowering the fourth quarter gross margin. At one point, we thought it would be flat to up somewhat. Now we believe the fourth quarter gross margin will be down and, for the full year, will be down 125 to 150 basis points.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, I think we pointed to country mix. And again, I think the biggest single contributor to the unfavorable country mix is the expansion of the price control laws and how that's impacting us in Venezuela.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, I don't think we're going to provide the EPS outlook. Let me say this, just to keep this in balance. Venezuela, obviously, is an important business for us and certainly for our International business. But it represents less than 2% of our sales and something less than that in terms of the profit to the business. So obviously, it's had a modest drag on the top line growth for International. The margins are being compressed, and they will continue to be compressed for a few more quarters as we work through the pricing. And certainly, that will drag on next year's earnings per share, but it's not the biggest factor of all of the things that we're looking at.
Stephen M. Robb: That's correct. This is not a new phenomenon. We fully expect that mix will continue to be a drag on margins as the consumer continues to shift to larger sizes, channel mix, things we've discussed. The things that we think will get better over time is the country mix, as we've talked and as Don had mentioned and Larry has talked to. The promotional aspect in the third quarter, we just wouldn't ask people to project it forward. So we do expect mix to be negative but certainly not at the levels that we saw in the third quarter.
Stephen M. Robb: Okay. Lauren, just to clarify, the 6-point delta between volume and sales, probably around 4 points of that was pricing. The rest was a combination of favorable mix and favorable trade.
Stephen M. Robb: We think that it will contribute about 0.5 point to growth this fiscal year, fiscal '12. For fiscal '13, it's about a point of growth for the company. And just speaking to the acquisitions, what we would say is, well, it's early days. Certainly, the businesses are performing well and meeting our expectations. The integration is also going well, and so early signs are very positive.
Stephen M. Robb: I don't think we're releasing that level of specificity. What I would say is that we are still very much on track with both of those projects and anticipate spending $50 million to $55 million on the year, but probably on the low end of that this fiscal year. And our spending is trending consistent with what you would expect to see this far through the fiscal year.
Stephen M. Robb: Bill, this is Steve. I would also just remind folks that $0.01 of earnings per share for Clorox is about $2 million pretax. So it's actually because of the share repurchases we've done over the years that it's not that much. So there's a lot that happens. The fourth quarter is the biggest quarter of our year. And we'll have to see how it plays through. But just in absolute profit relative to the sales, it's not that large.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes, so the commodities to continue to watch, which some are coming down, by the way, that is not what we've been seeing in the commodities that we're purchasing. Generally, what we've been seeing is a slow, steady march upward in commodity costs. Resin, obviously, is one that we're going to continue to focus on and watch pretty carefully, obviously, linerboard, chemicals and some of the agricultural commodities. What we saw this year was kind of, let's call it, high-single digit commodity cost increases. I think next year, we expect it to go up but at a more moderate rate. Maybe about half that rate is what we're focused on. And again, in terms of the other inflationary pressures affecting the supply chain, diesel continues to be one that we're watching very carefully. And then just the rising cost for health care, rising cost for wage inflation, these kinds of things.
Stephen M. Robb: Short answer is, yes. John, I think as I've mentioned to you before, if you're in this for 7 to 10 years, that we're going to run out of cost savings ideas, and we have yet to run out. This year, fiscal '12, we're still targeting to deliver $90 million to $100 million of cost savings, probably at the high end of that range this fiscal. Next year, we are very much on track to deliver 150 basis points of productivity. And again, I think what separates the program and how we look at it is we do have a 3-year pipeline in cost savings ideas, and we also look at every line of the P&L. We do not limit this to just looking at manufacturing and raw material cost. We look at every line of the P&L and challenge ourselves to be more productive. And when you look at that, you're dealing with $4 billion of addressable spend. And when you take those kinds of numbers and ask to get a couple of points of productivity, we’re changing technology as new processes come to market, we've been able to do this pretty consistently. And so at this point, certainly for fiscal '13, we feel very good about our cost savings programs and anticipate delivering about 150 basis points of productivity from that.
Stephen M. Robb: Yes. Over the long term, you will see us focus on every line of the P&L. One of the things I think we've talked about in selling and admin is it's about 15% as a percentage of sales, certainly for this year and a similar amount next year. That is above the historical average, in part because of the infrastructure investments. But we are going to challenge ourselves over a multi-year basis to bring the selling and admin back in line with kind of the historical averages. And that’ll be through a combination of anniversary-ing some of the infrastructure investments, as well as just continuing to challenge ourselves to be productive on every single line of the P&L.
Lawrence S. Peiros: To respond to your question on Charcoal, Charcoal quarterly volume is always hard for us to project because there is obviously always weather factors and a lot of merchandising factors. Typically, we smooth out over the course of a year but the quarterly estimates have a fairly wide error range. I think what we're seeing in our Charcoal business in Q3 is not only the obvious benefit of great weather but we did have -- in particular, one retailer that did some early merchandising of Charcoal at a very hot price, very large sizes, that sold a lot of Charcoal. And so what we're trying to sort out, how much of that is replacement of Charcoal that might be purchased at a later date, how much is Charcoal that may be used more because people have more in their homes. So -- and going through all those variables is hard. But we're thinking, between the good weather and some pretty heavy merchandising in Q3, there may have been some pull forward.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So the only thing I'd add is, this is obviously kind of a mixed blessing. On one hand, we're selling a heck of a lot of product. These are big merchandising events. Big retailers are looking to our brands to drive store traffic in a big way. We're exceeding our objectives behind this promotion. So on one hand, you feel great about getting your products in more hands, more consumers' hands. On the other hand, it does change the mix a bit, and we do tend to sell a lot more large sizes when we have these big events. It is far more pronounced in Q3 than it is in any other quarter.
Lawrence S. Peiros: The other obvious negative factor is Venezuela, and we're certainly not blaming our results on Venezuela. But Venezuela did have a material impact on the Latin America business. We had significant volume losses as the whole regulatory environment sorts itself out. And over time, I think that will -- that impact may dissipate a bit.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Yes, again, these things are mixed blessings. And on one hand, we really like the volume that they generate. I think we continue to see -- to work to improve our offerings so that the margin hit is not quite as acute either by kind of sizing, restructuring the sizing of products or as we take price increases across certain brands and we try and lessen the discount curve, that the large sizes are a little bit less of a margin hit than they would be otherwise. So we're continuously working basically to improve the mix in terms of our pricing, in terms of our offering structural packaging or sizing, offering to improve that. But I do expect that large-size migration will continue over time, and we'll just have to deal with it.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So let me try and clarify and trade spending was up slightly in the quarter, but the rate of spending was not materially different than it was a year ago. So this is not a big trade issue, this is really more of a larger size issue. And quite frankly, we have some retailers, particularly in Charcoal, they're spending a lot of their own money to get consumers in their stores. I mean, the best example would be in the home hardware channel where you see -- this is out in the public space, you see very large retailers discounting Charcoal very heavily. That's not discounting that we're paying for, that's discounting that they're doing on their own to bring people into their stores to buy drill sets and other things that have much higher price points. So it really is more of a large size phenomenon. It's not us spending a lot more in terms of trade spending or certainly not us spending disproportionately by channel or by customer.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So we're separating out the impact of mix versus pricing. Right? So if you looked at our gross margin results, you'll see a positive impact from pricing. And then separate from that, you'll see a mix impact.
Lawrence S. Peiros: We're categorizing them differently, so we are getting a distinct benefit from pricing apart from the mix issue.
Lawrence S. Peiros: So gud was on the store shelves last quarter. We're feeling very good about the progress relative to our expectations. So it's a solid incremental additive in our Burt's Bees line. And thus far, we're tracking with our objectives. We did get some early distribution in one of the big retailers. Some of the other retailers picked it up a little bit later in the quarter, but we are pretty close to what we think our regional level of distribution should be.
Lawrence S. Peiros: Lauren, the impact wasn't so great as to -- I wouldn't describe it as a big swing factor going forward. I think mix in that segment will probably trend a little bit more favorably because you've got a lot of positive innovation coming out in those businesses. Don mentioned Brita. gud certainly helps, and we've got a number of new items coming out in the Food business as well. But the swing wasn't that dramatic to where I would focus on it too greatly.
Lawrence S. Peiros: And over the longer term, our SAP implementation in Latin America should benefit us immensely on the cost savings side. Now that probably won't start to kick in until fiscal '14 and fiscal '15. But if we look back at how much SAP changed our U.S. business, I think we can even hit potentially more dramatic savings in Latin America given that we haven't had the kind of system capability in Latin America that we had historically in the U.S So that's a big platform of opportunity, not the only platform of opportunity in cost savings, but one big new platform over the longer term.
