Kevin Jacobsen: Hey, Steve. Good morning. This is Kevin and I appreciate the question. And let me give you a perspective on how we're feeling about the portfolio broadly, separating the businesses, as we've talk about, that have been more challenge Glad and coal. As you heard in our prepared remarks, our expectations when we think about fiscal year 2020 is, those two businesses will be a drag on our performance in the front half or we work to get them back on track. But if I set those aside, we feel very good broadly about the balance of our portfolio. If you look at Cleaning, Lifestyle and International, all performing well over fiscal year 2019. And when I look at fiscal year 2020 our expectation, specifically in the U.S. is that, we'll be generating top-line growth consistent with our long-term growth algorithm. As you know it's 2% to 4% in the U.S. And our expectation is we're going to be back in that range in the back half of the year as we get coal and Glad back on track.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. That's right. And for International, we've been targeting 5% to 7%. We've continued to be challenged by FX headwinds. That was particularly true in 2019 where we had about a 15-point headwind. I'd tell you as we look at 2020 we think it's going to be a slightly better environment, but we still think it's going to be a material headwind to our International business. On a currency neutral basis they are certainly growing within that 5% to 7% if not higher, but being held back by FX at this point.
Kevin Jacobsen: Sure. Maybe on advertising, I would say, typically we will spend the money based on when it's most advantageous for us. It tends to be a bit more loaded in the back half just based on the innovation cycle. I would expect to see something similar to that although I don't expect to see any big changes but maybe a little bit heavier on the back half. And then on gross margin gross margin I think will be fairly consistent across the year. The investments we're making will put a little bit of downward pressure on margin. As we mentioned we're investing in compaction. They will be launching in the spring. We've got another project we're not ready to talk about publicly, but will continue to invest in it and we'll talk about that at a future date.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I can start with our repurchase program. If I just think broadly about fiscal year 2019, we're quite pleased. We returned about $1.2 billion to shareholders in 2019. That's a combination of both dividend and share repurchases. That's up about 60% versus fiscal year 2018 as you've seen us lean into the dividend over the last couple of increases. That also includes on our share repurchase program, we have now executed about $425 million against my $2 billion authorization so about 20% of the authorization, which also included about $250 million in Q4. As I look forward, as we've talked before this is not an ASR so I do not have a defined number of shares I'm going to buy. We've got an internal program we manage. What I'd tell you is I would have you believe that within the outlook we provide there may be some level of share repurchases. I'm not going to provide a forecast on it. But to extent, it materially changes one way or the another -- I'd certainly update you. But for now you should assume it's embedded within our EPS outlook range.
Kevin Jacobsen: Thanks Kaumil. It's Kevin. I'll - let me take the two questions about commodities and distribution. On the commodity question in terms of the impact of the topline, I would tell you -- or excuse me distribution, we don't break that out. So I think we share the key drivers in terms of volume and price mix, but don't break out the impact to distribution loss. What I would tell you on commodities in terms of our expectations, if you recall in fiscal year 2019 there's a pretty significant headwind both commodities and logistics about 150 basis points. As we look forward in fiscal year 2020 and our ingoing assumption to the year is a much milder commodity environment, I expect it to be down in the front half and up slightly in the back half, but pretty benign overall. Having said that I do expect logistics to continue to be a headwind in fiscal year 2020, both transportation rates I anticipate will still be inflationary to a lesser degree than what we experienced in 2019, but still inflationary. And then we continue to see inflation in logistics particularly in warehousing as we can use the warehouses being built to support fast delivery and that's putting pressure on wages. But overall, I would expect that somewhere in the 50 to 100 bp headwind which is much less that we experienced in 2019.
Kevin Jacobsen: Thanks, Kevin. Yeah, I would tell you. We're not disclosing the impact of bleach. What I would tell you, we feel very good about it in terms of creating long-term value to the company. This is another great program for us. But in terms of the specifics of the value, we won't disclose that.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yeah Ali. This is Kevin. Maybe a couple of thoughts to think about front half, back half. As we've talked about the two businesses have been challenged. I would expect to see a sequential improvement from Glad. As we mentioned, we increased trade spending in Q4 and we start to see some improvements. We are increasing further to fully narrow that price gap back when it took pricing and I expect that to drive continuous improvement. Coal I think is going to have a challenged finish to what we call season year 2019 as we've talked about the work we have to do looking forward to season year 2020. So I expect that to be challenged in Q1 and then be stronger in the back half. And then maybe just a couple other things to think about is as we think about why we have confidence in the back half. Keep in mind, we're lapping a very weak cold and flu season from this year. We'll be lapping pricing at the back half of the year. The bulk of our pricing started early in 2019, so we'll be lapping most of that by the back half. The distribution losses as well will now won't be lapping. We're starting to build some of those back. And then finally, our plans on innovation tend to be more back half-loaded. And so when we look at all those drivers, it gives us quite a bit of confidence on our ability to accelerate the performance of the company in the back half of the year.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So Bleach Compaction -- Steve will start in quarter three. And typically if you recall our progress on compaction over the last few times we did it we've got some experience on this the last time we did it was 2013. It takes several quarters so we'd expect to be through all of this in several stages early fiscal year 2021. So feel good about that project. Clearly as we think about our coal and Glad -- so maybe focus your question on coal. Coal the issue is really that we're out of sync with two large customers. And we have to get back in sync strategically with those two large customers. We also need better demand-building plans. Obviously, results are disappointing there as Lisah said. And we owe our customers and consumers better plans with the right innovation. And as Lisah said, we will have product improvements as well as new Kingsford pellets in market for the next grilling season. We'll have continued strong marketing support focused on household penetration and brand value and excitement. And again, we need to have the right merchandising plans with all retailers consistently. And we clearly didn't succeed with that in Q4. So that's the work ahead. That's work that our company has a strong track record of. We feel like we know what the opportunity is on this business as well as on Glad. And we have to get back to doing what we do best.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks Bonnie. So, we don't need that -- we don't think that that's needed, so no major change in strategy. If we think about the issues, again, they're largely contained to two businesses. And again if I think about Charcoal, we're mostly off with two customers. And Glad is really tied to post-pricing issues where we've clearly seen widened price gaps which we're addressing and we also saw some distribution bumpiness probably across the portfolio which we can also trace back to pricing. And again we have reaffirmed that pricing is really necessary and we'll stand by that. So, feeling good about the rest of the portfolio. Frankly, as Kevin said, it's generally solid. We'll cycle through in the post pricing bumpiness. We think we can address the Glad and Charcoal issues. And then we really think we have robust plans for fiscal year 2020 and beyond. Strong advertising sales promotion that's still relevant. We have brands that consumers love. We have our consumer value propositions and measure continued to be positive. We have robust innovation plans. We're leaning to cost savings. And we will continue to deliver strong cash flow and then put that to work for our shareholders. We think all of the fundamentals that have worked so well for our shareholders with our company strategically for a long period of time continue to remain in place and we're excited to update you on where we're going in October in New York. But you should expect us to lean into components that will make a difference to consumers, to customers, and to shareholders. But what you cannot expect is the departure from a strategic path that's worked for the company for a very long time.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Charcoal first. So, right merchandising, right innovation, right demand plans that's really the answer here. On Glad if you think about what we did in Q4, we did up our trade investments to narrow the price gaps. That led to sequential improvements and we're clearly seeing green shoots. If you look at for instance the grocery channel where that was implemented first, shares have improved and now -- are now about flat. But I think we would say that the lien interest trade spend wasn't enough which is why in Q1 we're planning for additional trade spend that will fully close the widened gaps that we experienced post pricing. So, that's working. But perhaps the progress on this has been overshadowed by distribution losses tied to bumpiness that we have explained. And then frankly it has been a little worse than we had anticipated in Q4 and has worsened and overshadowed the progress through the trade investments. So, feel good about the added trade investments that we're putting in place in Q1. And then to make full progress in the back half what's needed is to cycle through those distribution losses and to bring innovation back. And as Lisah said earlier, we have several initiatives planned for the back half. And with all those plans combined, we expect a return to growth and we feel pretty good about the prospects of that.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So, a lot in there Andrea. Let me try to unpack this a little bit. So on Glad, as I just said, we will add more trade promotion in the first quarter of this fiscal year to fully close the gap. What makes me confident on coal that we are going to be more strategically aligned with the two retailers were clearly -- we need to do better. That's up on -- that's up to us. I feel like the combination of our plans with product improvements with new line extensions and pellets, with stronger marketing support and very collaborates -- collaborative talks with both retailers that are going on right now and better plans we will earn their confidence back. It's something that we have a strong track record of and it's something that we need to get back to. Regarding your question on vitamins, minerals and supplements, clearly, feel good about Nutranext as is evidenced by the progress throughout fiscal year 2019 and the expected double-digit growth in fiscal year 2020. RenewLife is clearly still lagging behind. Fiscal year 2019 was a disappointing fiscal year on that business and Q4 was no exception. For perspective, RenewLife represents a little over 1% of sales. So perhaps in terms of materiality, it's less of a factor here, but we're also working on better plans. We remain excited about the long-term potential in digestive wellness. We have a strong brand. We have strong capabilities in this category. The process will take time, but feel good about the long-term prospect on RenewLife too.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. Thanks Olivia. So, clearly as I would unpack this if you think about Q4 volume versus year ago the drag really is entirely at Kingsford and Glad. And within those two businesses, frankly, the majority of the drag is Kingsford. And then if you then think about the Kingsford business as we said, we're -- the issues were with two major customers. And one of them is untracked right in the home hardware channel and that -- this is a big quarter for Kingsford and this is a big customer. So the Q4 impact of that was unusual and significant. And I would point you to that single retailer in a very big business in a very big quarter to account for much of the issue.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. So positive about the progress on wipes, clearly, a competitive category still. But last quarter we talked to you about putting trade spend in place to counter what is an elevated competitive activity on the promotional side. We returned to growth this last quarter on top of a very strong quarter in the previous fiscal year. And we were able to make the trade spend increase begin to work. And now for fiscal year 2020, we continue to feel good about this business. We expect this trade investment to continue to work. And importantly, at the Analyst Day, we'll share with you significant innovation both on the base as well as with the new product that we're very excited about. So this is a stronghold for our company. It's a growth engine for our company and we expect that to continue.
Benno Dorer: Yes Dara. So like we said in our earlier remarks we feel good about pricing. It was cost justified is necessary to protect long-term margin also to protect the strong investments that we're making in our brands. All of them are in market now. And I would say generally in line with expectations excluding Glad and Kingsford, I would say. It's just too early. The key indicators -- consumer indicators are strong. If I think about the consumer value measure and as you know that's a measure that we care about a lot, that's unchanged post pricing and the majority of our brands continue to be perceived by consumers as delivering superior value and that's very positive and important to us. The categories have improved. Two years ago before we started any pricing activity our categories were flattish for the total company. Now if you think about the last 52 weeks they're up north of 2 points, up versus year ago. That's a dramatic difference and is very consistent with past experience and expectations. So I would say excluding Glad inline with expectations, clearly the bumpiness that we had anticipated which leads generally to lower merchandising and distribution losses are there. We're seeing them. We're addressing them. But they're temporary. But generally the good news is that pricing has been accepted, has been accepted as part of the industry where we perhaps somewhat disproportionately affected by distribution losses given that we went out with price increases as you recall Dara early and confidently. That's quite possible, but that doesn't change our conclusion that pricing overall was necessary and good.
Benno Dorer: Yes Dara. We always consider how much money to spend and the -- about 10% continues to be the right number. Remember that's up already from previous years. Also the spending in absolute this year will be up and comes on the back of higher ROIs as measured by our own analytic insights. So we're confident with the 10% as the right level.
Benno Dorer: Yes, in gust in general I'm quite pleased with Laundry. Laundry had a solid year Jason. And actually most recently if you think about our bleach business we gained share right? But typically what does happen is that share gains tend to over time be a little bit of a zero-sum game. And you win some and you lose some. And there's always volatility. But in general shares in the category have been over for long period of time about flat. And the value that we've been driving on this business comes from expansion of the category and from trade-up. And in the future, we don't expect to change from that strategy. Bleach Compaction feeds into that. Most of all what Bleach Compaction has always done is trade consumers up to larger sizes and with that comes a quite significant category increase. So if you think about the benefit on -- of compaction for the company, the last time in 2013 it was actually higher sales mostly driven by category growth. And then second of course there's a margin component as well which at the time was rather significant. So given that there is a transition over for sure two quarters and of course we can't speak to competition following and what their specific timings are that always creates some volatility. But the net effect as a result of category increases and margin improvements has been very positive. And of course it's a good investment also for sustainability reasons and one that retailers are very excited about leads to better shelf holding power, fewer out-of-stocks in the category and this is a category that's always been somewhat affected by out-of-stocks. So it is a very good initiative that will create a lot of value for the company, but also for retailers and certainly for the planet.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So turbulent is a strong word Jason. I don't know that I would go all the way there. Certainly there will be quarter-on-quarter volatility. But I do not recall any turbulence on the business and would not expect that.
Benno Dorer: It's always temporary back and forth. In Home Care generally we feel good about Home Care. There's many segments that are growing and there's always some that aren't growing. Home Care has a lot of different segments and you're picking one. We feel -- obviously it feels good about our Home Care business. It's our largest SBU, had a strong fiscal year 2019 had a strong quarter. Certainly, as a result of pricing you'll see some bumpiness there too which is temporary. But as I think about Home Care including multipurpose liquid cleaners, I feel good about that business and our plans forward.
Benno Dorer: Yes. So, thanks Kevin. First of all, let me maybe start with the last question. So grilling fuels is an attractive category. It's very much on trend. And if you think about the category growth rates including those alternative grilling fuels like lump and pellets actually very strong strongly growing category, we're not benefiting from it. But historically we have and we have to get back to that. Would I have liked for us to be in pellets and lump by now? Absolutely. But what we're focused on now is to get into these markets with propositions that are truly differentiated and that make a difference to the category and adds to the category and to the existing offerings. And admittedly that takes time and sometimes taking time leads to better outcomes. And while like I said I would like to be in there by now we're now focused on looking forward and putting better plans in place for calendar year 2020. Like I said earlier, the problem is largely contained to two large customers. If we drill into say the top 10 customers, there are several customers where we're actually doing quite well. And we have plans that we put in place have been well-received and are working. We got to do better with those two large customers. They are important customers for us. We have a strong track record of success with them and we have to get back to that.
Benno Dorer: Yeah, thanks, Ali. So clearly tracked channels matter, because they account for the majority of the business, as it does market share, so that up front. With exception of this quarter, which again was overshadowed by Charcoal, I think we have commented in the past that, performance in non-tracked channels were stronger. We expect that to continue. It's also fair to say, that our market share have been somewhat under pressure and not as strong as they used to be. I think that is evident. And while that's, not something that we like. I'd also say that, what we expect about sales is to drive market share but also categories. So, we'd perhaps again go to a much stronger category, growth as a way to partially offset that. And doing a time of pricing and the bumpiness that we talked about, distributional losses and then in some cases lack of sufficient merchandising, I would put market share softness, firmly in the camp of temporary bumpiness post pricing. What makes me confident is that again if I think about the timing of trade spend on Brita aside that the three segments outside household are performing at minimum solidly with many, actually performing very strongly. And then I think about our plans for fiscal year 2020 based on strong advertising sales promotion, aggressive plans to defend our businesses through trade were needed in selective areas, robust innovation plans, solid categories, a healthy U.S. consumer, an improving business in International, all those things point to a pretty stable and positive outlook that we expect to shine through in the back half.
Benno Dorer: Yeah. Thank you all for joining us today and I look forward to seeing all of you hopefully at our Analyst Day in October. Thank you. Have a good day.
