Benno Dorer: Thank you, Lisa, and hello everyone. You've likely seen this morning's announcement about my decision to step down from my role as CEO. With our current President, Linda Rendle, being named my successor, effective September 14. I will continue to serve as Executive Chair of the Board. It has been my great privilege to carry forward the legacy of generations of strong Clorox leaders in my pursuit of Good Growth. Growth that is profitable, sustainable and responsible. The idea of Good Growth was created based on the very strong belief, that companies can deliver great results the right way, and that's serving employees, communities and the planet as a whole is as important as serving shareholders, and that's how we generate profit matters. I am proud that as a company, we have always been strategy led and committed to our values, both of which have guided us successfully in making the right choices on behalf of our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. After 15 terrific years at the company, I am particularly grateful for my teams of 8,800 strong, and especially for the current executive team. I have great confidence in them. I also want to thank the Board of Directors for their support of a guy who ventured out of a small town in the German Black forest, 35 years ago to pursue a dream that let me to places and allowed me to do things I could not have possibly imagined. My thanks also go out to everyone in the investment community around the world for your support, helpful perspective and of course, your candor, which I look forward to momentarily. I appreciate all of you, and I particularly appreciate the wonderful friendships that I've been able to make along the way. On September 14, I could not be more pleased to hand over the reins to Linda and I look forward to supporting her and her team. I've worked with Linda for 13 of her 17 years with the company. She is an exceptional leader, with an outstanding track record, the right leader for this great company and I cannot wait for all of you to be able to see what she can do. Linda is joining us today and will participate in Q&A and also say a few words towards the end of the call. Thank you. It's been an honor and a privilege. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Lisah.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thank you, Wendy. What you should takeaway is that this is an aggressive investment that is into the momentum that we have in the business. It also signals confidence in our strategy. And of course, as always with our company that's done with an eye on the long- term. For us advertising sales promotion is not a quarterly expense, it's a long-term investment in the health of our brands. And while 10% continues to be the level long-term that we're comfortable with, we see a particular opportunity at this time to invest in this pivotal opportunity that we have for our company to accelerate growth. It will go into demand building across all businesses both in the core as well as in innovation. I mentioned earlier, we have a very strong innovation program, in spite of the supply challenges right now, that we have great confidence and we have so much opportunity ahead. So we feel like this is the right thing to. It is an investment in the long-term health of the business. And, if you look at the fundamental business drivers of our business; as I mentioned them in Q4 with rising market shares, with household penetration growing or stable in north of 90% of our US portfolio. With market shares growing in International, with further opportunity to build out our International business to serve more consumers in the face of the pandemic. With consumer value perception being at its all-time high with well north of 50% of our portfolio being seen as superior. All those things are particularly strong indicators of future business momentum. So, against all of that and in particular also with the looming recession, which we think is going to be significant and is perhaps underestimated or somewhat overlooked at this time, in particular here in the US, we think this is simply the right thing to do, and it's certainly part of our recession playbook that we've successfully apply once before about 11 years ago. So, we have great confidence in this choice as part of a long-term growth strategy for our company.
Benno Dorer: Typically we don't provide quarterly outlook. But it can certainly vary by quarter depending on, for instance, the timing of innovation launches. So you should expect that variation. Based on what we know today, even though you can never say never, right, in this business. But I cannot see us touch advertising sales promotion because like I said, it's not a tactical expense. It's an investment in long-term growth. So we will remain committed to spending the dollars. And frankly, if the recession gets worse, that's even more of a reason for us to spend in advertising sales promotion, in particular at this time, when people are looking at trusted brands to meet their needs. And as you know, we have many of those trusted brands that people rely on in particular doing a recession.
Benno Dorer: I'll start and then Kevin can build on that. So typically what we see in a recession, if you take the last recession. You see about a 0.2 growth in our categories lower than what you'd see in an average year. And then if you double click, there is a number of categories in a normal recession and again right now you have the pandemic, of course, as an additional impact. But you have a number of categories that actually see stronger sales doing a recession. And intuitively that makes sense to see businesses like Kingsford, as people grill more at-home, Brita as people use less bottled water and move to filtered water for it's much superior value, Hidden Valley for more at-home eating occasions, those categories have historically performed very well. And we'd expect to continue that. So there will be puts and takes, and again the difficulty of course, for this outlook is in the volatility created by recession, but also the pandemic as an outlook. And of course, fiscal year '21 back half that will lapse some pretty formidable numbers. But what's been part of the recipe last time in 2008 - '09 was to really focus on investing into the consumer, play offense as we call it, which is our intention now. The playbook includes innovation and we have a strong innovation portfolio in fiscal year '21. And the playbook includes to emphasize consumer value and of course, we're going into this recession with a lot of momentum being seen as superior value on so many of our brands at this point. So we have a strong recession playbook. Our portfolio typically has been recession-resilient, and importantly, we have a very experienced team where nine out of 10 BU General Managers have been with the business at the time of the last recession and a very experienced Senior Management team knowing how to handle this. So we feel like we have an established playbook, and we will certainly continue to invest in the long-term health of the business and the elevated advertising sales promotion spend is certainly part of that. Kevin, any additional thoughts from you.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks, Jonathan. Double-digit growth in Q4 in all four segments, and certainly seeing elevated consumer demand across the majority of our categories. Consumer fundamentals as we've noted and as you picked up on are very strong and certainly fueled by the incremental $70 million that we put in in advertising sales promotion in the back half of last fiscal year. But I would say in the vast majority of categories, if you double-click on the consumer behavior, leading to such strong growth, it's very, very strong. What we're seeing is more usage occasions in many categories caused by the pandemic, of course, but also by people staying at home. And we're seeing household penetration increases in most of our categories, and that's really been the major growth driver here. And then we're also seeing, which is very encouraging a higher purchase frequency in several categories indicating that it's more people using our product more than they ever have. We see very, very little stock-up, the exception maybe is, Burt's Bees, where store closings and lower food traffic and beauty care, but also less usage in some categories like facial towel lets and color cosmetics, which makes sense as people stay home has led to a pressure on sales and litter, where we're seeing a category-wide trough from initial pantry loading, but more broadly this is all fundamentally healthy growth with higher household penetration and higher purchase frequencies. I want to maybe point out Kingsford, as an example, beyond cleaning and disinfecting where it's quite obvious, I think that we are seeing particularly strong household penetration increases, but also strong increases in usage frequency. Kingsford for the first time in a while is going household penetration again and all the fundamental underlying indicators in the category is very healthy. We are seeing people buy more Grills, and of course, that Grill purchase increase leads to more consumption of consumables like charcoal. We are seeing millenials come into the category. A big reason why we've been able to grow household penetration is that millennials now come back into the category, so we're seeing incredibly strong growth even with a complete assets. John I don't know if that's you with we need a phone on mute. Thank you. But we're seeing new people come in, we're seeing millennials enter the category and we're seeing them use the product often. So lot of positive underlying metrics behind our Q4 sales growth and we expect this to continue for sure mid-term.
Benno Dorer: Thank you, Lauren. I mean look our competitors -- our categories, have always been very competitive. They are competitive and they will be competitive. There is no question. And we also can assume I think that reasonably assume that in the disinfecting space in particular, it's an attractive space. Looking at the growth and the profitability and the ability to make a difference to so many consumers around the world we can expect that that will be more competitive. But for us that's our daily bread and has been our daily bread for very long time. And how do we go about that? We build leading brands. And as we've commented a few times those brands generally are in a great shape. We invest behind them. We invest with an eye on the long-term. We keep the value sharp and we've also commented how that's in the best shape it's ever been, and we innovate, innovate, innovate. So we're not waiting for competition to come in and we are certainly used to competition to try and come in and disinfecting and without sounding arrogant, a lot of times the competition came and went, and we will defend our home turf and importantly as Linda said earlier, we will play offense a 100% of the time. So, we can assume that this business is going to continue to be very competitive. But we're ready for it and we certainly as you noted, are taking the stance and have the financial flexibility to invest in our business in order to ensure success with an aspiration of accelerating long-term growth for the company.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Jason there is -- there are clearly as you noted, there hasn't been a lot of price promotion in our categories for sure. It's part of what's encouraging for instance on Kingsford that we were able to grow double-digits without what is usually a pretty healthy price promotion during peak events or holidays like 4th of July and Memorial Day. So that's all encouraging. But if you think about our trade spends, our trade spend, the vast majority of our trade spend is performance-driven, meaning it's tied to customer performance and the customer performance is there. So there are -- there aren't a lot of savings in trade spend, because we're honoring the commitments and because for many of our customers the trade spend is rolled into everyday low pricing. And that's going to continue. So as you think about trade spend, there is not going to be a windfall over the next fiscal year. It's been a little lower in Q4 as you will have noted. And that could continue. But it's also going to vary by quarter and trade spend is not going to be a big source of savings going forward.
Benno Dorer: Yes. Thanks, Linda and welcome back. That's a nice way to end it. I would characterize Kingsford as a good story in that we had implemented much improved plans, which led to a really strong retailer support and that came just in time as consumers were looking to Grill more in the face of pandemic. So a really nice turnaround story with the second quarter -- consecutive quarter of growth, after certainly a weaker period and Q4 up double digits. Share was up strongly. It's one of our strongest growing businesses share-wise. And if you look at the underlying factors, it is strong retailer support as mentioned, it's household penetration returning to growth. On the brand, it's a growing category, even without the aggressive peak holiday discounts, heavy Grill sales, all of it really encouraging. So the vast majority of the sales and share growth is just on the core. And the good news is, there is so much opportunity left, given the performance in previous years, we are really just scratching the surface of what we can do to recover lost share growth, but also benefit from a category that clearly is on trend. Pellets itself is off to a strong start, and also continues to build and will also keep building in the fiscal year '21 season. But really it has not been a strong factor in the grand scheme of things as we think about the sales growth. So really solid momentum on Kingsford as we enter fiscal year '21 with so much opportunity ahead.
Benno Dorer: Thanks, Linda and thanks to everybody. Thank you everyone again for joining us today. I hope that all of you and your families will stay healthy, and I also hope that our paths will cross again at some point after we get through this pandemic. And in the meantime, please stay well and Linda, Kevin and Lisah will speak to you about Clorox's Q1 fiscal year '21 results on November 20 -- no, on November 2. Thank you, all.
Linda Rendle: Thanks, Benno. And hello to everyone on the call today. First, let me start off by saying just how excited I am to be Clorox' next CEO. After 17 years with the company, what makes me most proud about taking the reins from Benno is that Clorox is truly a special company. We have iconic brands people love and a wonderful values-led team that takes to heart our role in making people's lives better. Second, I'm optimistic about the company's future and look forward to working with the executive team to accelerate growth. This is a pivotal time for the company and there is no better time to be CEO at Clorox. What's become even clearer during this pandemic is that we're a Health and Wellness company at heart. Whether through our disinfecting products that support public health, our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements that enhance wellness, or other essential products that people count on for their families and homes, I firmly believe that our global portfolio of trusted brands is in a strong position to address the shifting consumer mindsets and behaviors related to health and wellbeing. What's also clear is that we have a big opportunity to build on our momentum from fiscal year '20 for long-term value creation. And we're investing behind this momentum to support our ambition to accelerate profitable growth in fiscal year '21 and beyond. And finally before we begin Q&A, I want to take the opportunity to thank Benno for his just terrific leadership as CEO. Under Benno's guidance, Clorox more than doubled total shareholder return by putting innovation front and center, recognizing it's critical role in differentiating our products and brands to deliver superior consumer value. By investing in digital consumer engagement as a means to interact with people on their terms and through more personal experiences, and by taking ESG to the next level, challenging each of us to demonstrate its value to our business and society. Benno talked earlier about our commitment to Good Growth. Growth, that's profitable, responsible and sustainable. What he didn't say is that he was the one who introduced this. It captures most simply what we're all about. Profitable growth achieved the right way for our consumers, our shareholders and society. I've been very fortunate to work closely with Benno over the years. He has been a great mentor, and I look forward to continuing to partner with him to drive the business when I step into my role as CEO. Operator, you may now open it up for questions.
Linda Rendle: Thanks, Andrea. I'll get us started here. So as Benno mentioned earlier, we're very serious about the role that we play in public health. And as we look at our cleaning and disinfecting portfolio, we see opportunity broadly in the US and International across several spaces and I'll outline high level what those are. The first is continuing to delight people with products in the retail space. We know that we are not able to meet the demands and that is priority number one is getting much supply as we possibly can into the retail space to ensure that consumers have products they need during this time. The same is true in our traditional professional business, which you highlighted is about 7% of sales in fiscal year '20 and has been a high single-digit grower for us over a number of years. So working on supply in both of those. With the opportunity that you highlighted is one that we're aggressively pursuing and that is the merger of those two areas. As people re-enter public life, they are looking to be reassured that the spaces they enter are clean and disinfected. And what they would be reassured by as a trusted brands like the brand Clorox, is to ensure that that space is clean. They have that reassurance in their mind. And we're helping businesses do is welcome people back, whether that would be their employees or their guests and by using and partnering with Clorox's protocols and brands. They can offer their guests that reassurance that the space is safe. That's how we're thinking about that broader what we're calling out of home opportunity. We staffed a dedicated team to go after these partnerships and have resulted in things like you highlighted with United Airlines, Cleveland Clinic, AMC Theaters and Uber Technologies. What will be really important for us moving forward though is getting supply. So these are in initial stages of agreements, and what we're looking for is increase supply before we continue to expand the test markets that we have today, but we're seeing very good consumer and business response in the initial days. And if you think about our B2C and B2B in total, I think the thing for us to consider is those lines will continue to blur as we move forward, and that's what we are really well suited to do with all of our technologies and capabilities.
Linda Rendle: Yes. Our plan is on pace to increase supply versus what we committed in Q4, but what Benno highlighted is the key, the demand that we're seeing is significantly higher than we had expected in Q4, and we expect that demand to remain elevated as we head into fiscal year '21. Our increase that we were able to deliver on supply did support strong double-digit growth in our Cleaning businesses. But to be clear, we're not satisfied with our service levels right now, and we have the absolute highest urgency to improve. Some of the things we're pleased to see though and will give us confidence as we move into the fiscal year '21 is that our state -- our supply chain remains very stable. So we have had very few COVID related disruptions. We were able to bring on more than 10 new suppliers. The majority of those in disinfecting to help us to support the increase in demand. We had anticipated that some businesses would begin to recover quicker, and we have seen that in the case of bleach where in stock levels at retail are looking much stronger than they had been, despite the fact that we've been prioritizing Healthcare. And the key message for takeaway is we are aggressively investing to expand capacity. We are working across the entire supply chain all the way back into raw materials, up through manufacturing, packaging and conversion. And we expect sequential improvement in fiscal year '21 in meeting that increase in demand.
Linda Rendle: Hi, Nik. Thanks for the question. So you're right, we're at a time where it is not a precise science right now to predict what the future is going to whole given what we're facing, but we are putting our analytics hard at work to understand what we think that future will look like. And if you take cleaning and disinfecting for example, we do strongly believe the category will remain elevated for the mid to long-term future and we're building capacity to address that. But how we're taking the approach on this one is to make sure that we build the right mid to long-term that allows us to have flexibility, and whether we in-house or we use co-packers for that production. So right now, as we've said we've added 10 new suppliers to help us with this incremental production and over time, if it's appropriate, we can insource that production, which helps us balance quality and cost, and also gets us to the right ratio from an efficiency perspective. So I feel really confident about our ability to do that and we're making choices that allow us to pivot depending on where this all shakes out.
Linda Rendle: Yes. For a good portion of our businesses, Kingsford, Brita, Glad, Nutranext, for example, we feel like will be normalized by the end of the calendar, where we have a really good supply and demand match. From cleaning and disinfecting perspective, we do expect this to continue to be a ramp-up over the entire fiscal year. And we'll see sequential improvement throughout the fiscal year, but given the fact that cold and flu sits in the middle of the year, and then we expect the pandemic to be with us for the entirety of the year. It will take the full year to get up to the supply levels that we need to be at.
Linda Rendle: Thanks. Yes, you hit it on the head. The absolute number one priority is executing with excellence this year and increasing supply to meet the demand. We will be focused on delivering the plan that we put in place, which we have passion and conviction around. The business fundamentals are strong across categories. But we must do better on supply to meet demand. Second, IGNITE for us is the right strategy. I was the Lead Architect of that, got to lead our team in creating that and what it has done for us over these last many months as helped us lead through really troubling and volatile times. And what that strategy commits us to us putting people at the center of everything we do, knowing consumers and the people we serve in communities better than anyone, innovating great experiences for them with our products, and that's what we're going to continue to lean into. And we have a team of 8,800 people and an executive team that's passionate and own that strategy, and want to accelerate it. And that gets me to my third point. Where we place investment is in those IGNITE areas that we have passion and conviction around. We're going to lean into our global portfolio, and given the strength of it across the board, we will do what we always do is, we'll follow the money and where we think the best long-term value creation opportunities exist. Cleaning is certainly one of those areas and we've talked a lot about the opportunities we have there around the globe. And then last, what I'll leave you with is, we're committed to how we work. This pandemic has allowed us to re-imagine work quicker than we had ever imagined. Moving our people to work from home, keeping our essential workers healthy and our manufacturing running at full speed. But now what we imagine work will turn to is playing offense 100% of the time. That will be our focus. We use technology to do that to make quick decisions and pivot to put investment where we'll get the highest long-term return, but we feel really confident about those choices and we've managed a number of categories and brands for years and we always feel like we are able to put the investment where it's best suited and we'll do that again this year. And then NASA is a continued focus actually on the core, excuse me, Saudi Arabia is a continued focus on the core. We've been in that business for 50 years, and a joint venture with a family-owned business. It is core to our Cleaning business where we serve many countries in the Gulf region. And we have tremendous confidence in the ability for that business to continue strong growth in the future. It's core to Health and Wellness. We know that consumer has high demand for those products today. We saw double-digit growth in our Saudi Arabia business in fiscal year '20, and it's margin accretive to the company. So to us this isn't a right churn, but this is just a focus on what we talked about in International, which is accelerating profitable growth and leaning into areas that are stable and that we can ensure have long-term growth run rate for us.
Linda Rendle: Thanks, Lauren. So we absolutely have the opportunity to meet more consumer demand in the US and International. And we're moving quickly with supply chain investments to support expansion in both. What I want you to take away is, we don't see a fundamental change in the composition between the percent of our business in the US and International. We see the ability to grow both strongly. But if you think about the International opportunity specifically, there are three things that we're focused on. The first is, we just need to increase supply to meet the demand that we have in the markets we're already in and the products that we already have in those locations. And we're focused on that just like we are in the US. The second is, we absolutely have an opportunity to expand our product forms in countries we compete in today. So for example, there are many places around the world where wipes have low penetration or we don't play and we see that as being an offering that consumers might be ready for in different areas of the world. And then the third, we are evaluating expansion into new geographies and we certainly see very high interest from consumers in different parts of the world for the Clorox brand in particular. And whether it's interest, we will look and see if there is long-term disciplined approach we can take to entering that market where we see strong return on investments. So that will be very consistent with how we've approached International to date. And that's what I would leave you with is, definite opportunity in International. No change in terms of how we think about the role it will play in our overall portfolio. And we'll be aggressive in pursuing opportunities when we have confidence in them.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hey Kevin, it's Kevin. And I can take that question. And you're right. Look, we have a -- an outlook right now as part of our IGNITE which is 2% to 4% growth. But what I think you're hearing from myself, Linda and Benno today, it is clear, our aspiration is to accelerate the profitable growth of this company. And we are leaning in. We have millions of new consumers coming into our categories. We have new growth opportunities, particularly out of home and we are leaning into these opportunities with the intent to accelerate the performance of the company. It is too early for us to raise our long-term goals. Remember, these goals go out over five years. So it's -- I would say it's in the early innings of the work we're doing. But that certainly is our intention. And at some point, we'll come back to the investor community and update you on our expectations, but I'd say a little too early for that right now. But trust, what you're hearing from us is our intent to accelerate performance and we're leaning in to do that.
Kevin Jacobsen: Hey, Olivia. Maybe just a couple other thoughts as it relates to the recession and how we managed through the last recession about 11 years ago. So as Benno said, our belief is, and what we've seen as our categories tend to be fairly resilient. If you look at our business performance in the last recession, I believe 8 of our 10 business units grew sales over that period. So not only have the categories been resilient, but our brands have also been resilient during that period of time. And what I'd also have you note is, you always have to think about what drove the recession back in '08-'09, that was a financial crisis. This is a healthcare crisis. So it's very different. We have much more engaged consumers in our categories than we did back in '08 and '09. In addition to that, if you look at our CVM, we're at an all-time high with about 59% of our portfolio identified as superior relative to competition. And we've got the highest household penetration either stable or growing that we had in the history of the company. So you never look forward to recession, but I can tell you having been through three at Clorox, this is the strongest our portfolio has been going into a recession. And then, the only other item I'd offer is what may be different about this recession is, the government as obviously stepped in and this is the most support we've ever seen for consumers during this recession right now in terms of unemployment benefits. We'll have to see how that plays out. But if you assume that government is going to continue to actively support consumers through this process that will certainly help us as well. And so we'll see how that plays out. But I feel pretty good about the overall health of our portfolio heading into this recession.
Kevin Jacobsen: Steve, this is Kevin. And I can talk about both our EPS range and gross margin. I'd say, to your point, our EPS range we're providing this year is wider than what we typically provide on a normal year end. And I'd say that that wider range is really driven by two areas that we expect to see increased variability in our results. The first is the top line, and I think that's probably pretty obvious. The ongoing impact of COVID-19. The impact of the recession, how that will play out on our portfolio will clearly be difficult to predict over the course of the full year. I think we've got decent visibility as we look out over the very near term. But as we get into the back half of the year and we're lapping the 20% organic growth from last year, more difficult for us to determine exactly where that will play out. And so there will be some level of variability from the top line. I would say in addition to the top line variability, when you look at our supply chain, where I expect to see increased variability from previous years is specifically in manufacturing and logistics in terms of the impact we're seeing from COVID-19 and maybe to dimensionalize that, in our fourth quarter, we had about a $30 million of up charges we incurred in our supply chain related to COVID-19. And now as I look forward into '21, we expect those to be temporary charges and we expect them to diminish over time. But a lot of that will be driven by how the pandemic plays out, which is clearly outside of our control. And so it's difficult to call exactly where our gross margin land. And if you think about it $10 million change in profitability is worth about 1 point of EPS growth for this company. And so it's not inconceivable that we could see $20 million or $30 million variability and the supply chain as it relates to the impact of COVID over the course of the year, that would generate 2 point to 3 point change in our EPS performance for the year. And so I think when you look at the variability in the top line, you look at the variability on the COVID cause hitting our supply chain, that's the reason why we have a wider EPS range to start the year. Now as it relates to gross margin, I actually think gross margin be very much in line with where we land on EPS. If we end up with negative EPS for the years because we had larger COVID cost and supply chain than we anticipated and likely declining gross margin. And conversely, if we generate EPS growth this year it will be driven by COVID cost doing better than we anticipated in growing margins for the year. And so that's how we're seeing right now. It's obviously very early in the year, as we get smarter, we'll certainly update you as we learn more in terms of how we think it's going to land, but I think to start the year this feels like a prudent place to start with the range we said.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. So as it relates to cash and maybe specifically CapEx, with significant access of cash we're generating as a company. I think you saw in my prepared remarks, it's up about 56% for the full fiscal year, although I'd tell you in the back half year we had doubled the rate of cash we are generating over the last six months of fiscal year '20. So the company is in very good financial position in terms of access to cash to allow us to invest in the business. And again what you're hearing from the three of us today is, we are doing just that, we're taking that cash and we're putting into the business with our intent to accelerate our performance over the long-term. As it relates specific to CapEx, we are also investing in capacity expansion is the primary focus for us. Typically, as a company, our capital spending is somewhere between 3% and 4% of sales revenue each year. I'd say if you look back over the last few years, we've been closer to the low end of that range, a little over 3%. We started investing in the fourth quarter. We invested about $100 million of additional capital in the fourth quarter and that put us just below 4% last year as a percent of sales. As I look forward to '21, as we continue to invest in capacity expansion particularly in disinfecting, Steve, I think we'll end up somewhere between 4% and 4.5% as a percent of sales into capital spending and that puts us if you do the math, that gets us to about $300 million in CapEx spending for the year. And I think that's probably a pretty good assumption for now to work with.
Kevin Jacobsen: Yes. Jason, this is Kevin. I think your question is specifically really to Q1 and while we don't typically provide quarterly guidance, we thought it was helpful to provide some perspective front half, back half and what we said is, we do expect double-digit top line growth in Q1, to your point. We continue to see very strong demand for our products. It is outstripping our ability to supply. In the near term, we expect that to continue and because of that, we do expect a very strong first quarter.
