Pat Dugan: Sure. Thanks, Ray. Sales for the first quarter were $772 million which is about 6% lower than last year's quarter. About half of the decrease or about $18 million, was due to changes in foreign exchange rates. For the quarter, we had revenues from acquisitions of about $20 million. Now looking at our segments, freight sales decreased 14%, mostly due to a reduction in organic sales of about $78 million and from FX of about $6 million. But that was offset by the benefit of acquisitions, about $14 million. Looking at our transit segment sales, they increased 7% driven by organic sales growth of about 10% or $29 million and acquisitions of about $6 million. That was offset by negative effects of changes in FX rates or about $12 million or about 4%. So for 2016, just to recap, we expect transit segment sales to grow. Looking at our operating income for the quarter, it was about $142 million or 18.4% of sales. In 2015 our fourth quarter offering margin was 18.2. So despite the lower sales, we continue to find ways to improve. SG&A for the first quarter was about $90 million which is about $5 million higher than the year-ago quarter, mostly due to acquisitions. I want to mentioned that included in the results is about $3.6 million of expenses related to the pending Faiveley acquisition. So our operating margin was actually slightly better if you want to add that back. Engineering expense was up slightly as we continue to invest in product development and amortization was about the same as the prior-year quarter. Our interest expense for the quarter was $4.9 million, slightly more than the year-ago quarter due to our higher debt balance. In the other expense and income lines, we had a small benefit during the quarter, mainly from non-cash foreign currency translation gains. In the year-ago quarter, we had an expense of about $2.9 million for the same reason. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.5% compared to 31.9% in the year-ago quarter. We expect for the year, for 2016, the annual rate to be about 32%. And I'll just remind you that's an annual forecast and the quarters will vary due to timing of any discrete items. Our earnings per diluted share were $1.02 for the quarter and excluding $0.03 for diluted share for the Faiveley related expense, we would have had an EPS of $1.05. Looking at our balance sheet, it remains strong providing financial capacity and flexibility to invest in our growth opportunities. We have an investment-grade credit rating and our goal is to maintain it. Working capital at March 31, we had receivables of $620 million, inventories of $479 million and payables of $304 million. Cash on hand at March 31, $263 million, mostly held outside the United States. At the end of last year we had $226 million of cash at December 31. That March 31 balance I gave you does not include $213 million of cash that we're holding in escrow related to the Faiveley transaction. Debt at March 31 was $802 million compared to $691 million at the end of last year. This is increased mainly due to our funding and our use of cash for stock repurchases during the first quarter. Cash from operations, we generated $76 million for the quarter. And that's a good performance because cash generation from operations for Wabtec typically starts the year slowly due to payments for incentive comp, taxes and other annual items. For the year, we continue to expect to generate more cash from operations than net income, that's always our goal. Just a couple miscellaneous items that we always outlined for the call, depreciation for the quarter about $10.9 million which is about the same as last year's quarter. Amortization was about 5.3 [indiscernible] of the quarters and our CapEx or capital expenditures, about $8.5 million for both quarters. Just as a reminder, we expect for the year our capital expenditures to be about $50 million. Moving on to our backlog, at March 31, our multi-year backlog was $2.1 billion, slightly lower than at the end of the fourth quarter. Transit backlog increased for the fourth quarter in a row to a record $1.5 billion, our freight backlog about $590 million. Changes in FX rates reduced the backlog by about $50 million compared to a year ago. Our rolling 12 month backlog which is a subset of the multi-year backlog I just gave you, was at $1.3 billion compared to about $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter. Transit was a record $797 million and freight about $514 million. The total backlog figures I just gave you do not include about $200 million of pending orders and contract options. They're not counted in the backlog until customer exercises those options or executes those pending orders. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Pat Dugan: Yes, just in talking to the rating agencies, we focus on about a two times as sort of the upper limit of what the debt can be. As long as we -- but to exceed that would be okay as long as we have a plan to deleverage pretty quickly. So right now we've also talked an awful lot with these ratings agencies about weathering cycles and the economy as it is. So right now we seem to have everybody's confidence and as long as we don't get much past that two times without a deleveraging plan, we would be fine.
Pat Dugan: So restructuring costs or severance costs included in that would be about $2 million in the quarter. And those are obviously dictated by location and what kind of restructuring actions we take. So I wouldn't call that as things that would be recurring or to be anticipated--
Pat Dugan: They were mostly focused on employees and reducing costs there. There were no plant shutdowns or asset impairments or anything like that.
Al Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Pat. Well once again we had a good earnings performance in the first quarter despite challenging market conditions. In this environment we will stay focused on what we can control and that is managing our cost and generating cash. And remember that we're still expecting another record year with EPS guidance of between $4.30 to $4.50 even though revenues are now expected to be slightly down. We're also pleased with our strategic progress on the long term growth opportunities that we see, especially with the expected closing of Faiveley Transport acquisition. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Al Neupaver: Yes. We can give you direction. We can't give you the absolute number until the publication comes out. But in general, we operated better in the transit area than normal. And I think freight was where we thought it would be.
Al Neupaver: Well what I would like to say to that question really, Scott, is that I think Ray Betler and his management team saw what was coming and they reacted as they saw necessary. And I think the reactions that they made and he talked a little bit about some of the things that were done to just give you a relative look at it. I think they reacted very well and I think that reflects in the results.
Al Neupaver: No I think the first quarter speaks for itself. If you look fourth quarter to first quarter, the change in both of those were significant and we maintained the margin at the 18.4%. I think the fourth quarter margin -- what was it -- do we have that some more Scott
Al Neupaver: Okay. I really can't comment on the process. Right now we're right in the middle of the thick of things. I can tell you that I've learned what the word patience means. We were warned on how long it would take by our European friends as well as the -- our legal departments and our outside lawyers. So we're working through it. Again, I just want to emphasize it is not a matter of if, it's just when it will close. As far as what we're able to do at this time, we're somewhat limited because the regulatory process is ongoing. But we're working extremely hard on our integration plan and doing all the planning work that can't be done without sharing any kind of information that would be impacted by the regulatory review. So we're working hard. We'll be prepared day one when that happens.
Al Neupaver: Yes. One thing I would like to point out, if you look at transit by itself and remember that we've talked time and time again about why we feel it's important that we have a balance between freight and transit. And we really feel that these markets are kind of cyclic. And if you take a look at our growth, 2015 to 2016 in transit, it's about 9.4%. The backlog has increased from last quarter by at least 2%. We're at a record high. Now, the real question is when do these projects that we're talking about here, when do they hit? We have no control over that and there's one thing for sure is that there's always delays and we're used to it. Hopefully when we look at our plan going forward, we've put in some conservatism as far as when those particular projects hit. Anything you look at -- we're doing what we said we would do. And that is that we have a counter cyclic balance in our business model and we focus real hard on the margins in that area because the dynamic of the mix effect on your margins. So were trying to execute. We said that's the thing we have control of and that's the thing we stay focused on.
Al Neupaver: First of all, I think that's one area that we were probably way too aggressive when we talked about it in our year plan the last time we had a call. And what we're seeing is it's directly proportional to the drop in traffic pick. And that's the reason why the impact we see from the car build and the locomotive build as well as the after-market went up by about $50 million or so.
Al Neupaver: And from a down, I would say we don't have an accurate number at this point. We probably -- the next quarter would be more accurate. But the dynamic is such that it will be less. I think that you saw the drop here. We have no reason to believe it would be less than that on an annual basis. And as people figure out their spending plan and get more aggressive going forward, we could see actually an improvement at the year goes on. And that's probably our best analysis of that right now.
Al Neupaver: And then I think it's because I think that the important thing. There's no doubt that the class ones go out to 2018 and they've completed their PTC which I have every reason to believe they're going to be able to do that. Our business model and we've tried to explain this time and time again, gets to be train control and signaling. And we view this as our opportunity, not just the initial install, but you have an after-market business, a service business as well as enhancements and other signaling projects and that's what we're focused on. And that's why we say over time that our train control and signaling business is going to grow. And we're trying to give a little more color on that by giving an indication in the first quarter that although it was $85 million on strictly PTC, if you add in the signaling business, it takes it up to what? $110 million.
Al Neupaver: You're looking at a $22 billion market globally. Now, we're not focused on the total market. But we're focused on the niche areas of those markets that's probably 20% of that total market. So yes, if we're successful in executing our strategy and our business plan, it will be. It'll be train control and signaling business, that's really our focus.
Al Neupaver: Yes, actually on the contrary. Keep in mind that we didn't talk about the one-time expenses related to get those savings. So not only did we get the results but, at the end of the day, we didn't use the cost and expense as an excuse. So that's why we said sequentially. As these cost reductions take better effect, we have a little more confidence in how we're going to perform. Those cost savings are not free.
Al Neupaver: If we have to, we will. So we'll take a look at -- these are your assumptions that we have right now. And we're continuing to look at it every month, every quarter.
Al Neupaver: It's basically freight. You've got class ones that have cut back there CapEx budgets by 30%, 35%. So they've cut back on not only insulation, they've cut back on construction, they've cut back on qualifications. So they basically have pulled back significantly, that's why they've performed so well, by the way. Kudos to them. They've all performed well and they've all dealt with the current downfall or shortfall, in their businesses. Yes, you don't see it so much in transit because those are programmed out. And if we have it, it's going to be in freight.
Al Neupaver: So the answer to your question is, yes. We think about it every day. That's why we were able to hit the [indiscernible]. So believe me, we're thinking about it.
Al Neupaver: Yes and there's ample opportunities. There's only so many things that we work on and be expert at that
Al Neupaver: I would think there's probably multiple potential risks. I think you identified one, Kristine, is that the freight markets continued to weaken and they aren't stabilized as the year goes on. I think that transit products delay. I think capital spending in train control and signaling, you got a look at -- we do have a significant international business. There has been some recovery in the iron ore price but that has driven our business. Oil and gas -- we have 15% of our businesses outside of rail and some of that is related to power generation and oil and gas. So we have this diverse business model and what we hope to do is we have -- our model is somewhat counter cyclic and diversified that minimizes the impact, but everyone of those are things that we talk about continuously and stay focused on. And we have multiple divisions, multiple groups that are asked to react as they see their market change.
Al Neupaver: I don't think we -- Ray went through the priorities and I think our priorities -- we'll maintain those. We've been successful. The most profitable way to grow is through internal development and where staying focused on that. Second is acquisitions. Third is the dividend and the share buyback. So I think it'll be the same priorities. What changes those priorities is the opportunity. We're opportunistic. You can't predict acquisitions. So we have to adjust the priorities based on what's available and we'll continue to do that. But we're focused in all those areas in that list of priorities.
Al Neupaver: Ray, you might want to talk about the capital project related to power generation that we're investing in.
Al Neupaver: We really haven't put any pro forma out at this point and will probably best -- whenever we close we'll come out and have a conference call and go through the pro forma. So is probably a little premature. But our goal is to always have more cash flow than net income.
Ray Betler: So Allison, we've talked about that dynamic in the transit market before. There's frequently projects are delayed for a whole host of reasons, funding, cars are built slow on the initial build. And so our subsystems are delayed in terms of shipment to the car builders, revenue recognitions. So there's a whole set of dynamics in the transit area that causes delays. But the good thing is that there are projects moving forward. We talked about MBPA last year receiving that order. Chicago has been decided but is being protested so there is an example of a delay. The Chinese were identified as the winner. The Bombardier folks are challenging that decision. I don't think it's going to holdup but who knows what impact it is going to have. As far as starting a contract, we have bid to both car builders so I think we're in a pretty good position in either case. There's new projects coming along. The next one will be LA, the one after that New York. And now there's long term funding in place. So I think the dynamic on the transit side actually should improve, especially here in North America.
Ray Betler: Allison, the other area where we've seen some delays as we mentioned before, PTC. Scott asked question and while there have been some delays because the railroads cut back their CapEx and they're trying to manage to the new deadline, the deadlines only 2018. That's not that far away. So we don't anticipate a big issue on the PTC side over the next few years. Say it has to be totally built-out, totally installed and then integrated and qualified and commissioned. So there's a lot of work left to do. So we're not anticipating major delays on the PTC side.
Ray Betler: Yes. I think we have reasonably good visibility on the PTC revenue over the next three years. And we're still talking about $85 million this quarter alone. So it's not an inactive product line for us. There's a lot of activity still in progress.
Ray Betler: I don't know what -- you're asking about an order we bid on. That was a locomotive order in India for 1000 locomotives. So Faiveley has a big business in India. They have won several projects in India. But on our side, our focus was on locomotive order. There was a [indiscernible] called locomotives, Thom.
Ray Betler: Yes, we really don't have any better information than what's out there. We do know the backlog is 95,000. So it would carry the current rate well into the year. But I think someone, if you look at it, it looks like there was a small cancellation of some sort compared to the orders coming in, deliveries in the backlog. So we hope that the economy turns around because it's driven by the economy in car loading.
Ray Betler: Yes, really both. We're working hard on a lot of enhancements because there's a lot of other people working on them as well. That now that there's a computer onboard the locomotive, you got a smart train and trying to take advantage of that capability. So will be focused on internal development as well as acquisitions.
Ray Betler: Yes. And remember, Liam, we bought a communication company a little bit more than a year ago. And that company really has performed well for us. It was called CCI. As a result of that acquisition, received a sizable contract for MTA in New York to provide a communications system for the PTC access system on their network. So that capability [indiscernible] exists in our portfolio and that is one of the areas we're trying to grow. We're trying to grow other areas like our video communications, wireless crossings, there's a whole host of areas we're working on.
Ray Betler: Kristine, just to give you a little bit of insight into other parts of our business, there's been a huge capital improvement plan announced for ports in this country -- under $55 billion investment. And Fandstan sells these big festoon railing systems to have port to ship power. So we've actually received several contracts in places like Singapore and Shanghai and anticipate opportunities in Los Angeles, Miami, other places in the states for that kind of technology. So if you look across the business and the diversification opportunities we have, while freight is definitely a concern, the trend, there's other parts of our business that are supplementing and offsetting those reductions.
Ray Betler: Yes. I think I mentioned in my remarks that we have a major investment that we were selected for supply of an intercooler which is a similar -- it's an aligned technology from our tier 4 radiator technology for locomotives. And we supplied this technology into power generation and power disruption areas. And we're literally building a plant right now in China because of the opportunity in this market. We've received 12 orders so far for new intercoolers. That's greater than we originally anticipated in the business plan. And that business, we think, eventually when it matures is going to bring about a $50 million revenue stream every year.
Ray Betler: Each unit, it's very different unit to unit -- can range anywhere from about $1.5 million, $2 million up to $4.5 million depending on its size.
Matt Brooklier: You talked about the targeted cost savings. Al, I think you quantified it for the quarter at maybe $5 million to $7 million is providing a little bit of cushion in terms of the margin with your rev and rev down and the mixed headwind. Is there anything else you can talk to that was meaningful in terms of helping you maintain your margins during the quarter? I think you talked to maybe the improvement on your prior acquisitions, the operating improvement and margin improvement there. But I'm just try to get a sense for if there's other things that are enabling you to kind of weather the cycle starting to fade here.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then are you able to provide the positive train control revenue numbers? You gave the consolidated I think at 85 but how that broke out between the freight and the transit businesses.
Matt Brooklier: Okay. And then just finally, the change from looking for slight PTC revenue growth this year to I think down a little bit, can you talk to your expectations and your respective businesses? Or you think both freight and transit are going to be down? Is it more freight than transit? I'm just trying to get a sense for what's contributing to the decline this year per those two different markets thanks.
Thom Albrecht: Okay. All right, down 8%. And refresh my memory, I think it was late October, early November -- wasn't there a huge transit award in India? Several billion dollars? And bring us up to speed with that and whether you might be a participant in that.
Thom Albrecht: And then have you given some thought to where railcar deliveries might be in 2017? I know that's a ways off but 60 to 65 might be a little optimistic for 2016 certainly looking into 2017 it could be a little bit more negative than even current forecast suggest.
Thom Albrecht: No, I hear you. I think it was a lot of small cube [ph] hoppers there were canceled. I think Al was too nice to say the category but I think that's what it was. Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
