Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec’s Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today’s slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we’re making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions related to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Kate. And thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
John Olin: Sure. So number one, on the Erie, we couldn’t be more pleased that we came to a successful agreement with the union during the quarter. Well, Justin, we don’t provide line item details of our cost of goods sold. It is important to understand that our cost of the strike -- to understand the cost of the strike, it’s important to know that the plant never closed during the strike and hence, some of our strong volume performance in the quarter. But it did operate at less than normal efficiency given the reduced workforce that it was operating under. So overall, it was a little bit of a drag on the quarter in terms of earnings. But certainly, we took it in stride and delivered a great quarter despite that. The second question you have, Justin, with regards to the implied fourth quarter growth, I guess. As first, I’d start by saying that we’re very pleased with how the back half is unfolding. Certainly favorable to our expectations that we had shared with the group and on the Q2 earnings call. And overall, we’ve increased the revenue guidance by 2.5% at the midpoint and 4.5% for EPS. And with that, it kind of pushes out and implied fourth quarter guidance, and that is that we expect revenue to grow roughly at 6% midpoint. And again, this is despite last year’s tough comps of over 11% growth and likewise, expect very strong margin increase in Q4, driven by EPS up roughly 17% at the midpoint. So when we look at the second half and how it’s unfolding, it’s just as we discussed last quarter, Justin, with the third quarter revenue growing considerably faster than the fourth quarter, and that’s driven by the fact that the production plan for the second half is significantly skewed to the third quarter. In fact, Justin, when you look at it, roughly 70% of our second half locomotive deliveries will be delivered in the third quarter, and that’s strictly to meet the customer expectations. So those schedules were built over a year ago. So consequently, our Q4 underlying growth remains very strong and is evidenced by our strengthening -- which is evidenced by the strengthening 12-month backlog, which was up 13% versus prior year. And like Rafael said in the prepared comments, we expect to see profitable growth as we transition into 2024.
John Olin: Yes, Nathan. So number one, what you pointed out, what we said may be a little bit counterintuitive, right? But if you take it back to the discussion that we’ve been having for the last four quarters, when we really started to step up a lot of the locomotive deliveries internationally, that put a fair amount of overall mix pressure on us, again, starting in the third quarter of 2022 and really going through the last four quarters. So as we move out of the fourth quarter of 2023, we are stepping in from a freight perspective into higher-margin deliveries. And that’s shining through even though given the fact that overall equipment is at a lower margin than digital, we are still seeing, in aggregate, a fair amount of mix favourability. The other piece of it is not only mix within the various groups, but also the mix between groups, right? When you look at the Freight growing at 23.4% and currency adjusted Transit at 14.5% that provides a fair amount of mixed tailwinds as well.
John Olin: I think Ivan, it’s very much similar to what we experienced this year is one, volume growth does wonders for expanding margins, right driving incremental growth. We’ve talked about our incremental growth is about 25% to 30%. So with that incremental volume, which we would expect revenue growth in 2024, we will build EPS growth in addition to that. The other is, as Rafael had mentioned, Integration 2.0. So that was a 3-year investment, and we’re just starting to get to the kind of the ramp on the savings plan. And we’re seeing that ramp up in the first 3 quarters of this year, but expect the largest growth in terms of savings due to that program in 2024. So that, again, will drive margins a little bit faster than revenue. But overall, as we sit today and look forward to 2024, we expect that profitable growth that Rafael spoke to. And with that, we expect to be overall in line with our long-term objectives and our long-term guidance.
John Olin: I got -- first, go back to the things I’ve highlighted here. You’ve got to make sure you have the coverage, especially on the long lead items. Otherwise, you’re getting an order here a new locomotive at this point and you don’t have the coverage for 2024, there’s not much you can do there. So having the coverage for that long lead items is important, and we have it. The second piece I talked about is the fact our fleets internationally continue to grow out. So we’re seeing good momentum there, not just from a CapEx but from also an OpEx perspective. So that’s very positive. And in North America, discussion continues despite of, I’d say, continued to grow parking levels. Customers are investing for really lower costs for improved efficiency, for improved reliability. So all in all, when we think about the momentum here, looking at North America and internationally, CapEx and OpEx, it continues to look into profitable growth going to 2024, very much aligned to the long-term guidance we’ve provided.
John Olin: No, no. Not at all, Matt. when we look at it, we’ve been talking about the year a lot in first half, second half. And at the beginning of the year, we said that first half would grow a little bit faster than the second half. And I think the way to look at between our third and fourth quarter is to look at them together, and we’re seeing what you would see on the implied growth is 14% growth in the back half versus 16% growth in the first half. And again, that’s what we’ve expected. But it’s really a function of the way the production plan was set up over a year ago in terms of the deliveries that we expected to make in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter on some of our larger equipment, in particular, on locomotives. And as I had mentioned that about 70% of the second half production plan for locomotives is delivered in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So overall, when you even those out, we’ve had a year very much in terms of overall cadence expectations, of course, at a higher level of revenue growth, which explains the raise in the second and the third quarter. But the fourth quarter underlying momentum is just as strong as the third quarter. And we feel good as going into the 2024 with the backlog growing as Rafael had mentioned, has actually sequentially grown for the last couple of quarters. And as we exit the third quarter, it’s up 13%.
John Olin: We’re not going to break out the timing of it, but we would expect all $2 billion of it to turn into orders. We’ve got a great customer in Kazakhstan and they’ve got a tremendous growth opportunity, given some of the dynamics of the flow of products from China to Europe. And we’re certainly working with them to upgrade their fleet and expand their fleet so that they can manage their future.
John Olin: Yes. Saree. So if you recall that Integration 2.0 was a 3-year program that started at the beginning of 2022. And on any of these type of restructuring programs or opportunities to integrate, we’ll see a higher investment profile in the beginning and a higher savings profile in the back as we get the projects often executed. So to date, we’ve invested about $100 million out of an expected $135 million to $165 million over the next -- or over that 3-year period of time. And Saree, what we’re seeing now is just as those projects start and either the facilities are being consolidated or products being moved or however, we’re looking at optimization, those savings are starting to build. And at the end of 2022, we had about ongoing savings of about $5 million and that continues to escalate, and we look for that to build up to $75 million to $95 million. So we won’t quantify it, but you can start to see the momentum that we need to have to be at a run rate of $75 million to $95 million in 2025.
John Olin: Yes, we’re very pleased with the Transit margin. It was up 1.5 percentage points driven by a couple of things, Saree. Number one, is certainly fixed cost absorption was favorable given the volume growth ex currency of 14.5%. The other area is product mix. Product mix was favorable in Transit. And if you look at the aftermarket grew a fair amount faster than OE. And also, when we talk about Integration 2.0, a fair amount of that hits our Transit business, right? So that’s helping driving it. And also we’re lapping some of the inefficiencies that we had in cyber in the year ago quarter. So I feel very good about the transit business, as Rafael had mentioned and certainly a bright future as we continue to move that business forward.
John Olin: Yes. Rob, it’s a little bit early for us to start talking about gating. It’s early for us to talk about guidance as well. So a typical cadence would be to provide guidance in the call in February after the year is done. And again, just broadly, we’re looking at certainly profitable growth in 2024, but in another quarter’s time, we’ll have certainly more detail with regards to what that is and what’s driving it.
John Olin: Yes. I think from a gross margin standpoint, what you’re seeing on a year-to-date basis is certainly a drag from the strike in Erie but also that mix that we talked about, right? We had mix headwinds in the first half, and that had an impact on gross margin. So this quarter, gross margin was flat, again affected by the strike at Erie, but a lot of benefits as we move forward. And when we look at Integration 2.0, that directly fits into the gross margin, and we would expect a tailwind on margins because of that. And then also the biggest driver of margin is volume, right, and leveraging the fixed cost structure of the business. And that’s not only fixed manufacturing costs, but also the fixed portion of SG&A. So as we grow, we expect to continue to aggressively manage our cost structure and making sure that we do deliver those incremental volumes, which, again, we would expect to be in the 25% to 30% range.
John Olin: I don’t think we can -- we would put an index on it. Just looking at the backlog over the last 5 years, we’ve seen it oscillate between 21.5 and 22.5 I think parts of it are the economy that goes into that. And when we have periods of big orders, we see it rise and then that kind of burns off. And that’s exactly what we’re seeing in 2022 to 2023, right? We saw it rise about $1 billion in 2022. And as we work that off, we’re lapping those numbers and backlogs down 4% or 5%. So I think over a long period of time, we would expect it to rise, but I don’t think there’s a formula you can put on it. We keep coming back to this word lumpy, is that -- it is very lumpy depending on what multi-years. I think the best way to remove the lumpiness is to look at the 12 months, right? So we don’t -- we kind of neutralize for that, and the 12 month has been very steady and growing up on the three quarters this year and has been gaining momentum.
John Olin: Well, we expect to continue to grow this company in 2024, 2025 and 2026, Steve, and well beyond that. No, I can’t pull out what it would look like without. All I can say is it was a tremendous effort on the part of the overall company to be able to deliver that revenue growth and again, I talked about the locomotive piece, right, and that shift. We delivered all the locomotives in the second quarter that we were intending to deliver with the 10-week strike at our largest plant that makes locomotives. So it’s a tremendous tribute to the team and how the whole company pulled together to continue to work through the strike.
Rafael Santana: I’ll take that one, Justin. So first, no, it’s not in the backlog of orders, but talking about backlog, the backlog is healthy. It will be down year-over-year, but you got to look at it in conjunction with the multi-billion orders that we signed last year, which don’t repeat every year. The outer side of it, we have a number of multi-billion dollar opportunities that being worth. And we just signed a large one, which is in the pipeline and will convert into orders. So we see good momentum here. We don’t see slow down. We are progressing. We’re continuing to grow, and our pipeline supports it last quarter, as John said, 12 months last quarter was up 10%, this quarter, third quarter was up 13%. So we’re continuing to drive momentum here with key deals being signed and if you think especially about the long lead items in our portfolio like mods and your locomotives, you need that backlog to be there and as we look into 2024 and beyond.
Rafael Santana: So Jerry, I mean, as you see, finished the strong quarter, strong pipeline of opportunities which, I’d say, have just strengthened really the visibility that we have to continue to drive revenue and margin expansion. It’s for sure a bit early to get into the specifics of 2024 guidance. But the momentum we’ll continue to see, in my mind, with results being driven by -- first, I’ll start with the strength of the short and mid-term backlog. The 12-month backlog that we spoke about at $7.1 billion, up double digits. Second piece, we continue to see momentum on both new locomotives and mods. Our customers, we’re continuing to invest for improved costs. So this is bringing a modernization in so they can part to order units. They’re investing for reliability. We’re still coming out of the trough there. If you think about the lead times, as I mentioned here before, we need a strong backlog here as some of the lead times here with the mods and new units is longer, and you need the backlog, and we have it for the next 12 and 24 months. The other piece for me is international. We’re very bullish on key international markets. We have the momentum there. You saw in Kazakhstan, but what if I think about Brazil, South Africa and Australia, they’re all driving significant momentum going to 2024. On the margin side, the business will benefit and further benefit from Integration 2.0. So we’ll continue to drive expansion here as well. So all in all, the pipeline of opportunities, we continue to get better visibility. In fact, this is the best, I’ll call, we’ve had stepping into a year, which strengthens our position here to deliver on profitable growth.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, we’re pleased with the progress that we’re seeing there. We’re continuing significant work to simplify the footprint and further improve the business competitiveness. I think you’re going to continue to see some variation quarter-to-quarter, but that team is committed to continue to expand margins and take action here for profitable growth. Despite of the more, I’ll call competitive environment, the fundamentals are good in the business. If you think about our book-to-bill ratio, we’ll close above 1 for the year. 12-month backlog is up. Multiyear backlog is up 16%, the other one, I think 12 -- over 12% and the team is continuing to progress to really drive mid-teen margins. So yes, we expect the business to be more competitive in the marketplace there, and we’re saying no slowdown. In fact, we see the opportunity here to continue to grow with the business. If you think about the record backlog some of our customers had, we’re continuing to see momentum there.
Rafael Santana: I think you’ve got to keep in mind, first, the lumpiness of the multiyear orders that we get. And you’re going to see that lumpiness not just playing out through the quarters, that lumpiness will play out in the years as well. As we mentioned, we expect the backlog to be down this year, year-over-year. But the other side of it is the multibillion-dollar orders that we’re working on, which are not in our backlog, and we expect that to convert. So I really look at us in terms of the lumpiness of the orders. The other piece you’ve got to be very focused on is when you think about the lead times on certain of your products, making sure that you have the coverage to work through it, and that’s why I highlighted both modernizations and new locomotives, so if you think about the lead times on those, you need a strong coverage, and we have it. We have it if we think about 2024, we have it beyond 2024.
Rafael Santana: I’ll reinforce two other points, which is just an element of international markets. I spoke here specifically about Brazil, South Africa, Kazakhstan and Australia, which are very significant, and we have significant momentum walking into 2024 with this market. So we do expect significant growth there from a sales perspective. And the other piece is, again, the coverage as we look into stepping into 2024, which is certainly one of the strongest coverages we’ve had stepping into any given year.
Rafael Santana: I would add the following. We expect a large part of that to convert. And as I said, about some international markets, we’re increasing deliveries in Kazakhstan, and it’s strong growth going to 2024.
Rafael Santana: I think more in terms of the coverage looking ahead, right? And my comments on the strong coverage that it provides a piece of it has really to be connected with long lead parts of our portfolio. And that’s where I think about new locomotives, and I think about mods and I think it in conjunction of both international markets and North America. And that’s probably the strongest -- certainly the strongest we’ve had to walk into any year.
Rafael Santana: It continues. Mining is very strong right now and all the indications we’ve got is of that momentum continuing into next year as well. So that’s certainly are not one of the positive momentum that we see on the business.
Rafael Santana: This is a business that go before the transactional was done. There was a lot of, I’ll call, ups and downs through the cycle. I think one of the things that the team has been very purposeful on is making sure we are working with customers to drive what I’ll call sustainable investments moving forward, which plays well for the entire ecosystem. It’s an element of making sure that we’re ultimately getting to the right quality, the right value for the products ultimately to better costs as we run some of these programs. And that’s been a huge part of the focus. If you think about the focus on 12-month backlog 18, 24, that’s a significant part of it. And the longer-term agreements will play them to make sure that we’ve got the continuation of a lot of the infrastructure that we’ve got out there that supports the delivery of some of these assets for customers around the world.
