Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we had a good quarter with strong sales, earnings, cash flow, as well as good margin performance. Our 2012 EPS guidance is now $5.13 to $5.18 on revenue growth of 22% -- of about 22%. Longer-term, we could not be more pleased with our strategic progress and growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. And most importantly, we have built a strong and dedicated management team that is taking advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'd be happy to answer questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. About what we saw, if we take a look at all of our freight car product groups, of that drop, probably if you say that it was around $50 million, probably $20 million of that was associated with railcar builds. Railcar builds were running about -- the deliveries were 12,000 this quarter and about the same as the quarter 2011. But obviously, the quarter before, we were at deliveries of 17,000, almost 18,000. But we also had less sales in some of our industrial product areas the gensets, heat exchangers that go into oil and gas exploration, the frac-ing part of the business. That accounted for a portion of it. We also had less sales from our locomotive group under the freight area. We had finished a lot of our freight locomotive sales in the second quarter. So in total, it probably only accounted for what, maybe 30%, 40% of that freight drop, and the other part was more finishing a project, which happens and the industrial heat exchanger area. We also had a little less in freight hardware related to PTC, especially in our MRS project. There was a little less sales in the quarter in PTC freight products as well. So I think those are the 4 main areas that we saw.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. 2 different questions, I think. First one was related to PTC. And what we saw at PTC, we were running at 50 for the first quarter, a little higher in the second quarter. And as I just mentioned, we saw a little decrease, probably about a 10% decrease. And it was all related to the MRS program where that is on a contract basis. So it really depends on how far along you are in the contract whether you could recognize revenues. We expect that to continue to increase. And as we've stated before, we said that we'll be over $200 million for 2012. We expect it to grow in 2013. We haven't really given a percentage number at this point. That would be something we do when we give out next year's guidance.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that we said early along in the year that we would see the transit sales go up in the third, and again, in the fourth quarter. We think that, that's exactly what we've seen. And we think that it'll get to a point and stabilize for a while. We had a lot of confidence early along because of our backlog of projects that we had. So we knew that we were going to get some revenue growth into the third and fourth, and I think that after we've seen that, I think we'll be looking at more stable markets in the transit area. And I think that's the beauty of our diverse business model. If you look at a quarter, like the third quarter, we really almost totally offset the freight with our transit business. And that's why we have the model that we have for our business.
Albert J. Neupaver: The growth in transit was driven, half of that was acquisitions, the other half was backlog of projects, some of it, locomotives, some of it, large transit projects. So if you look at the quarter, we really only had an impact of acquisitions about $15 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think that the mix impact of transit obviously, has a negative impact on the overall EBIT. However, as we've stated before, our continued effort is to strive to improve that margin especially during the times when we're growing. So I think it probably bodes well for our ability to increase margins even when the freight business comes down a little bit like it did during this quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. What we try to do, and we have about 45 different operating divisions that each prepare a budget. And each of those budgets, we expect the division to come in with action items related to margin improvement, with a target, understand a target of around 2%. And it's a combination of sourcing. It's a combination of sourcing, pricing and the Wabtec Performance System. Now, of that 3 different areas, we know that we're going to have inflation, we're going to have labor inflation, we're going to have material inflation, we're going to have other inefficiencies in our productivity endeavors. And we would like to see about a 0.5% improvement in each division after you account for the negatives that offset that 2%. So what we're looking for is a continuous improvement of about 0.5% in margins in our budget. That always doesn't happen, sometimes you have -- you don't get the savings you want and sometimes you have one-time issues and inefficiencies and warranty issues that will impact it. The other thing that helps is if you got volume growth like we have in this particular year. There's nothing that hides problems better than volume, and we had like -- so that's why we have pretty aggressive goals for each of the divisions. It's a very painstaking effort for everyone to come out with specific items that add up to those numbers. Some are able to do it and some come short. And some overshoot it.
Albert J. Neupaver: It is early to make that statement, and it really depends a lot on the Class 1s. Keep in mind that we talk a lot about the potential and the one potential that we've quantified for everyone is related to the onboard computer. And the onboard computer right now, there's about 18,000 to 20,000 locomotives that will need to be equipped with our product. Of that 18,000 to 20,000, only 4,000 have been equipped. Now, some of them have been conditionally equipped, so you have part of the equipment, but we upgrade it. So it's equivalent to about only 4,000 out of the 20,000 that we'll need equipped. We have a projection, so it really depends a lot on whether they start adding the equipment, during '13 or '14. So you could see I think the total opportunity doesn't change, whether they take more in '13 or less than '13, more in '14, it's a tough call right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: The freight portion that we booked, we talk about 25 and then we went to 125 and then 200, it's about 375. Of that 375, 200 of it is related to freight.
Albert J. Neupaver: There's other things in there, so you just can't take and multiply it. I think what you can do is say that the units -- an onboard computer normally cost $30,000 to $40,000, and you can multiply that by, say, the 16 that's left, and you get an idea of the potential.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. And I'm glad you asked the question, Allison because last time, my crew here convinced me to give a number that may have not been totally accurate.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's a $160 million project. We, probably by the end of this year, will be about halfway through it. We should complete it in 2013, and there's options for another $80 million. And I don't know if we'll see those in '13 or whether that will go out to '14, we just don't know. It depends on the performance of the system.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, you actually -- you hit it almost exactly on the note. It's about 30% of the vehicles that could use ECP now have ECP, and they usually do it by -- it's almost a project basis. So you really have to -- we'll get another increment when the next project is taken on. So it's about 30% of the fleet right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: I'm not aware of any. We've always had it. It's always there. We're striving to give them the best total delivered cost. We're not seeing it, and I think that, that is a dynamic that you would see if it does soften. I think the softening in a way is -- the fact that the deliveries are at 12,000 this quarter, I think means that -- I think that the car builders are trying to use their heads, as well as the ultimate end customer and trying to prevent, I think, a steady state going forward. If you look at 12,000, if that was maintained, that would be a pretty healthy car build going forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it was nice to see intermodal. I guess it's non-intermodal though, the flat car. You see in -- there's some still in there, covered hoppers, box cars. I mean, it's pretty diverse. It's good to see that diversity. And I think what Alvaro is saying could very well happen, and I've read some consultants feel the same way, that you're going to get to the point where you have to order some of these other cars.
Albert J. Neupaver: The other thing is if you take a look at the portion of our business that's really related to freight cars, I think this quarter gives you -- I think, again, and I said it earlier about the strength of our business model, the diversity that we have. When you see a drop from 18,000 to 12,000 cars being delivered, and our net impact is $20 million, and it's totally offset by some of the other areas. This gives you the idea of the strength of that diverse business model that we continually talk about. We are conscious of it, and it is a great product area for us. And we like being in it, but we also realize that, that cyclicality is going to be there. And sometimes it becomes a discretionary purchase, a capital purchase by the railroads.
Albert J. Neupaver: I've read. The only thing I've done, I've read about expansion at a couple of the car builders. And which would mean to me that there is a need for extra capacity to meet the demand. I don't know anything more than that other than I read it in a commentary area. It might even been a report that you wrote.
Albert J. Neupaver: There is. It does get competitive now that there's a third player, and I think that what we've tried to do is be a very responsible supplier. We're trying to sell our product on technology and the service and the Wabtec name and not on price. But I think to protect their marketplace, they obviously are willing to do what it takes to try to protect it. So there is some pressure there without a doubt. But again, since we have a small volume of business there and a small market share and there's just so much opportunity, we try to be selective in what we go after and don't try to go after everything. And I think our program is -- I'm feeling good about our incremental success rate year-on-year. And this week, we'll be reviewing the European budget and taking a look at next year and seeing what success we have planned for that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think if you take a look at what's been delivered so far this year, you had what 16 17 and 12 47. So I think the 60,000 looks good. I think if the build rate stays right there at the 12,000, 13,000. And I guess that's everyone's best guess right now. With a possible, if we start seeing orders continue to grow and the economy come back, I think that build rate and deliveries will go up next year. But I think most people, most consultants right now are suggesting low 50s to mid-50s is the number they're using. So that's about the only insight that we have on it right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I would think that if you look at the deliveries over the last year or so, it's been really centered around covered hoppers and tank cars. And we know that coal is -- right now, the demand for coal is down for power generation, and even the export's a little bit down. And so you have -- I don't think there'll be demand for the coal cars, but I think that intermodal, the way it's growing, at some point, you're going to see ordering for that type of car. You look at, there's cars specialized for building materials. I think that -- although right now, in the frac-ing area the covered hoppers, I think that's being impacted by not just the shale and the frac-ing, but also grain right now with the drought, there was an impact. And that could come back drastically. So I think the ones that you haven't seen much deliveries on are the ones that could be the drivers into 2013 and '14.
Albert J. Neupaver: That's correct, yes. Actually, it was -- the decrease of the MRS was offset by the growth in the U.S. portion.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, there's 21 agencies that will need to work with PTC. Right now, we have signed contracts with Metrolink, which is the L.A. area. We have one with Denver. And we also have signed contract, I don't know if we have announced any of this, but we have been working with Amtrak in the Northeast. We've got a dialogue going on with a number of other agencies in North County, San Diego, Alaska Railroad, Caltrain. I would think that our conversations right now are going on with most of the transit authorities of some sort. Now, getting a contract signed with a transit authority is something that doesn't happen overnight, so we could be working a while, we could actually be delivering some product and not have the full contract signed in some of these. So -- and the thing that we've told people about it is it's hard to quantify, and we use the example that Metrolink has 100 locomotives, and I think we announced 27 million or something like that contract. North County in the San Diego area only has 10 locomotives. So you could see there's relative size to the programs, and it really depends on the scope that we're doing. We could go to a full scope where we do the prime contract or we could be a sub, just supplying the onboard computers. And we'll announce these as they get signed and try to give you an idea that you could better quantify what the opportunity is.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, we're not seeing that at all, Kristine. As a matter of fact, if you look at the ton miles, which really track the car loadings almost to a tee here, it's down 1.7 and car loadings are down 1.6. So I was talking to a railroad CEO in the last month, and he said to me, he said, "Al, if someone told me that coal would be off as far as it is, and that we would be in a situation that we're in and we're still moving as much freight as we did even with coal off, I wouldn't believe them." And it just shows that the railroads -- the traffic is just not that bad considering how bad the impact of coal dropping that we've seen. And I think you add to that the fact that you have the drought and grain's off. So I think it really shows the strengths of the Class 1 railroads and how important it is to the economy. And so I just -- in the aftermarket, it does follow, it follows the volume. And I think that we're just not feeling that negativism from the aftermarket business at this point.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I think that right now, we used the term during the prepared remarks, wait-and-see. I think that the railroads are in a wait-and-see about what happens in the election as to if there's a strategy to continue to lobby for a delay or whatnot. I think the FRA and the railroads have concluded that a full implementation will be very difficult by 2015. And -- but they -- I think they're all convinced that implementation is going to happen, whether it will be delayed 6 month, a year, and whether they'll get provisional approval so they could operate it and roll it out in a more reasonable fashion. I think that's the ultimate goal that people have. So I think there's still going to be talk around it. But at the end of the day, we're going to have a positive train control system that interoperates on the railroads. And any delays that exist from a technology standpoint will not be related to Wabtec. I mean, we've had -- this systems have been operating 5-plus years on the BNSF. Metrolink's talking about taking their system live middle of next year. Our MRS program, we'll start the pilot later this year. So the technology is there. Are the railroads able to interoperate is a question that I think still exists and a lot of work needs to be done. And we're going to support the railroads. As far as competition, I'm sure there's always people that -- we did it, so someone else could do it. We're conscious of that. And we try to be very responsible to our customers and meet deadlines and support the technology. I think that the fact that this interoperability between the railroads gets so complex, that it would be very hard for the railroads to try to bring on other systems. And a matter fact, it will be very costly, but that doesn't mean they can't do it.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Last time I think somebody asked about the options. I think I gave him a larger number than that $80 million. But we checked it out, and it is about $80 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And if I could add just 1 comment to that from, I guess, from a financial perspective, from a CFO control perspective. Because I think everybody focuses on tank cars, and I understand why, I mean, that's a large percentage of the orders, that's a large percentage of the deliveries. But I think -- and this is more anecdotal and is more logic than specific evidence, but I have to believe that the railroads go through the same process that we do here internally at Wabtec, which is that you have a CapEx budget for certain components. You have certain amounts for truck, you have certain amounts for this, you have certain amount for stations, and you have certain amount for cars. And to the extent that the tank cars are what you need the most, then you go ahead and order the tank cars, and you order fewer of the others. But I think, and this is just to me more logical than anything else, that as the tank cars get more of the equilibrium, there have been some other cars that they deferred in the capital budget because they didn't have enough budget -- money for everything, and that will revert back to a more normal ordering pattern. We've seen that in the past. And I have to believe that, that's part of the ordering pattern in the future. If they only have a certain amount allocated to cars, then it's going to tank cars right now because that's the highest demand. But once that -- again, once that reaches equilibrium, then you reach a more normal demand rate. So we'll see.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And I think it's a good point about intermodal, if you take a look at the stats, and I'm just looking at the ARC Annual Report right now. Year-to-date, intermodal, which is the traffic has been up 5%, 6% year-to-date, the deliveries have been half of that of tank cars of non -- they break out the intermodal between 5 unit articulated cars and others. And so it's been -- intermodal has been pretty strong, and the traffic's been pretty strong. So I think if you were to pick on one that would probably be #2 in demand, I think intermodal would jump right at you.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And one thing, I don't think we've mentioned too much during the phone call, Steve, but it certainly is a pattern is that normally, the third quarter is slower particularly in freight. Transit tends to go at its own pace. These contracts are very long, and it takes a lot to execute them. So transit tends to go at its own pace. But normal, year in, year out, the freight segment experiences lower sales in the third quarter because of seasonality. You have plant shutdowns for vacation, they have plant shutdowns for repairs. And you normally see a little bit of a dip in Q3. What we see in Q4, what we'll see when we experience Q4, but I think that seasonality is part of the decrease in the demand.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Because again, we tend to be revenue-neutral with regard to the type of cars. We don't put any more content on average, let's say, on a tank car than we would on a coal car. So a tank car versus say a coal car is not that critical to our financial results.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Not really. Last year it was 38. I think in the last conference call, if memory serves me right, we said it'd be somewhere near that number 38 to 40, or something like that. And now, it looks like it's going to be a little bit lighter. And to be honest, we're not like -- we don't have to spend our CapEx budget or have it cut back next year. We try and spend what's necessary and what the units convince us is necessary. So there's nothing really significant to it. It's just the way they're rolling in. And again, the way we would do CapEx, we'll do what's needed, and if you don't spend it 1 year, you still get it carried over the next. It's not a question of when you do it. So I wouldn't read too much into that. It's just...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's mostly where we -- most of the time, that's where you put your miscellaneous odds and ends, but the large majority of that number quarter in, quarter out, are paper FX losses. Those are translation gains and losses on intercompany balances and a few other items. We try and minimize them just to keep the variability out of it. But invariably, you have a little bit of creep in there. So that's normally the large, large portion of that amount.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I would say for the fourth quarter, I think the run rate on SG&A, I think the run rate for this quarter was pretty consistent with the second. And I think going forward, for the fourth quarter, you can -- it'll be roughly somewhere in that range obviously.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it's about 60. We've added LH early in this quarter, so you'll see a little addition from that. But what happens with the acquisitions, and we've talked about this before, the first couple of quarters when they're out of the gate, the net bottom line financial effect is negligible because you basically have -- you have to write up their assets to the inventory and the backlog to the estimated realizable value. So until you fulfill the backlog and until you turn over the inventory once, you're basically operating at basically almost breakeven on those items. So the financial -- the net bottom line effect will be negligible, but it will have some effect on the run rate of SG&A. In terms of what we call purchase price accounting, it's that amortization, that onetime accounting of the inventory and the backlog, in this quarter, it wasn't too much compared to the prior quarters. In this quarter, it was about $1.7 million, in the prior quarter, it'd been about $0.3 million, so it increased. The amortization for those recent acquisitions increased by about $1.4 million, $1.5 million. It was pretty similar to last year. Last year, it was $1.3 million. So similar last year, higher than the second quarter of this year by about $1.4 million. And we project that to drop a little bit in the fourth quarter to about $0.5 million, $1 million-or-so, somewhere in that neighborhood. So it fluctuates a little bit, but it's not too material of an amount.
