Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's second quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of considerations for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. And I'd like to thank everybody for their participation today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Goodbye.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So number one, yes, it is included in the backlog. And with that, just one thing to also keep in mind is if you think just about the backlog from a quarter-over-quarter impact from FX alone, it's been over $400 million, year-over-year, it's closer to $600 million. So I think it's important to highlight that, otherwise, you might have expected a larger increase, but it is reflected. Second piece is, as you described, I think we have strong momentum. And it's not just internationally as we have largely described before. But as we've been saying for the past 12 months, I think we have a strong pipeline of opportunities that cuts across both internationally and in North America. We continue to have, I would say, opportunities to grow double digits in terms of the modernization demand and of course, we are coming from trough levels in terms of demand for renewable commodities. So it's good to see the momentum. I think the pipeline of opportunities that we see it on today is stronger than the one we described 3 months ago, or six months ago. So continued opportunity here to further expand our backlog.
Rafael Santana: Exactly. And I think just to add to that, I think one of the important things about this -- this is less about just '23. It's really, I'd say very much aligned on how we described our 5-year plan.
Rafael Santana: Well, if you take about the quarter per se, it's certainly lab, not just by equipment. You see it on the services side as well. If you think about components, we do expect to continue to gain momentum there as you're coming from the trough, and we do expect that the number of freight cars shipped will be about 40,000. So that's a positive too. I think the other elements, which is on Digital Electronics, we expect strong second half in terms of sales. And certainly when you look at backlog dynamics, it's certainly reflected in both in terms of the Digital Electronics business and the Component business both with book-to-bill above 1.
Rafael Santana: So let me start with the second half of your question, I'll go down into the FLXdrive question. I think on the pipeline of deals, we really have relevant opportunities across key geographies at this point. I think volume dynamics continue to be a positive in Kazakhstan. We have a number of projects under discussion in Asia and Australia. We continue to follow up specific projects in Africa that are tied to commodity exports. In Brazil, I think despite of the drop in carloads year-to-date, there's significant opportunities tied to renew concessions, and mining is also a positive in that context. I think in North America, despite of carloads being down for the first half, we continue to see growing demand for modernization and new locomotives. And that's, again, driving efficiency and reliability, with a direct impact to the operating ratio of our customers and bringing certainly enormous impact to their ESG targets as well. So when we look at the cadence moving forward, I think we certainly feel we're very well-positioned to deliver 5-year guidance that we provided at our Investor Day. We certainly feel stronger about it now than we did 3 months ago and then we did 6 months ago. And that's very much aligned to, I think, the pipeline of opportunities we've started to describe over a year ago. On the FLXdrive comment there is we continue to see interests from customers out there. We are continuing discussions, and you're going to see that moving through other geographies. And I think that's very much aligned how we see the evolution here and, you're going to see also permutations of that product going to not just full battery electric, but also hybrid as we've also described on previous calls.
Rafael Santana: Yes, it is. We are certainly paying a lot of attention and working very closely not just with our customers, but also with suppliers in that context and making sure that we continue to progress with all the elements of that and special with regards to the battery. And as you know, we have a partnership here established with GM, and we're working very closely with them in order to make sure we continue to progress in that direction.
Rafael Santana: I think that can certainly be an element of, I'm just going to call, the cycle moving forward. We are working very closely with customers and with Komatsu  in that regard. We see solid opportunities ahead, and we will continue to make sure we are balancing that with auto  in the business. I think there's a lot of positive news here in terms of what we could be seeing in terms of opportunities for the rail side. So solid. No concerns for the year. We will continue to work closely here with customers to understand demand into '23 and beyond.
Rafael Santana: I will just close saying that, I mean, we are committed to grow margins forward. We could and will have significant variation sometimes quarter-to-quarter. I think this is especially given the mix with much higher growth in equipment. There's also the elements of what John spoke about in terms of inflation. With specific for the second half of the year, I just want to emphasize here how big the mix impact is. And specific in the third quarter, if you think about it, we are -- we have over a third of our shipments of new locomotives happening in the third quarter. So I couldn't highlight enough some of the elements of mix and variation that we can see from that on quarter-over-quarter.
Rafael Santana: I will just reemphasize that for the year, we expect results very much aligned to the guidance we provided in February this year and how we described on previous earnings calls. So it's all about higher margins in the first half of the year, higher volume in the second half, with a significant element of mix coming in.
Rafael Santana: We have not provided any specific guidance with regards to a total number of MODs. So we certainly see opportunity to continue to expand on that. And I think we've been clear about that on previous calls. So the opportunity is there. It's certainly reflected in the pipeline, and you are seeing that being realized as backlog continues to grow.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Just in terms of the second quarter, I think John said it, it was about 5% in the third quarter. 
Rafael Santana: 5% Transit, in specific. We would expect that to be less in the third quarter. We don't expect impact for the year, and that's part of why we've reaffirmed guidance at this point.
Rafael Santana: Just a couple of comments on the Digital. I mean, orders grew double digits last year. Book-to-bill for this year is very positive. It's the highest between our businesses year-to-date. So a number of multiyear agreement. We expect the second half strong sales second half of the year. And with that, as John mentioned, chip shortages have had an impact for the business.
Rafael Santana: Yes. Jerry, first, in terms of the manufacturing footprint to deliver on these orders and more, we certainly feel strong about having that capacity. And we certainly have the manufacturing capacity to do that, but it's about more than that. It's making sure that we're continuing to work very closely with our customers, suppliers in that process, so we can ultimately anticipate demand. Certainly, lead times, when you look at a couple of years ago, have extended. And I think a big piece has been really making sure that we were close to customers so we could anticipate demand. And you see, to some extent, some of that certainly has impacted our inventory numbers as part of that, but that's a piece of it. When it comes to MODs, I think that continues to be a very positive story, and it's really part of a dialogue that varies customer by customer in terms of the solutions. I think we see some significant opportunities for customers to actually be working on being more productive. And in some cases, means reducing the number of locomotives that pull a certain number of cars, and that has translated into also applying some of the fuel solutions that we've described. And we see opportunity to continue to expand on that. I think what's important here is we see that part of really a growing multiyear backlog. This is I think less about what '23 is going to be. It's back to the comment I made, which is really tied to the 5-year plan that we described. And we feel like we are very well-positioned to deliver on that 5-year guidance that we provided at our Investor Day last March despite of all the macroeconomic uncertainties out there.
Rafael Santana: Certainly, Freight, probably the combination of equipment and services. That's where we really saw the bulk of that impact.
Rafael Santana: But for the year, as we've described, I mean, it's 5%. We can have variation again quarter-to-quarter, but that's about the magnitude of what we expected for the year.
Rafael Santana: I think the element of parking is not just going to be a function of service improvement, but also what carloads do in that period. So I think that's something that we will continue to watch and work very closely as part of that. And I think what's a positive, I think it's a lot of the underlying investment that you see in terms of really guaranteeing fleet reliability, ultimately driving efficiency across the fleet. And I think we continue to see momentum there. So if that comes counterbalanced with any elements of potential parking, I think that's a story we still see and we will be working closely with our customers in that regard.
Rafael Santana: So that's actually a positive, and it's something that we've been able to is to ultimately drive as-delivered margins better than now sold margins, something that we track very closely in the business. So there's certainly continued opportunity there. And I think the other piece is making sure that we are continuing to expand on growth on some of these markets where we've really had really, I will call the best-in-class products to work with customers, and we see some good momentum there.
John Olin: Well, let's start with -- that's a lot, Justin. Let's start with the Transit business. Starting with revenue, when we look at the overall first half, we find that revenue was down about 12% and operating margins down slightly at tenths of a point. So number one is we believe that Transit's ability to hold margin in the face of lower revenue speaks to its resilience and underlying earnings growth. And more importantly, the decline in the first half revenue was caused by a few items that don't represent the businesses underlying performance or just in the future growth risk potential. These items include the foreign currency exchange, which in the first half was 7 percentage points. And on a quarterly basis, it was up to 9. We talked about in the first quarter the exit of the low margin U.K business that continues into the second quarter. We will not continue beyond it. Now we're lapping the full exit of that. And then finally, the manufacturing disruption we had from the cyber incident, which reduced revenue roughly 5% in the Transit business, and that incident largely hit the Transit business. But excluding these items, Justin, the underlying business is up modestly. As we look to Q3, we do continue to expect headwinds on Transit revenue because of foreign currency, and certainly some spillover of the cyber incident. When we look at the overall margin piece, that's been really driven by a lot lower absorption in the second quarter as well as some of the inefficiencies due to the cyber event. In the back half, we don't provide guidance for the back half. But with that, on Transit -- but with that, Justin, I'll transit into your next question, which is on the cadence. As we've talked about, this year in the cadence, we've talked about really the story of two halves. The first half, we would expect a moderate growth, and ex currency, we were up a little over 5% in the first half. And we also talked about stronger year-over-year earnings -- sorry, margin growth in the first half, and we were up about 1.4 percentage points on the half. So that really played out exactly as we had planned. When we looked at the back half, we said that the back half would be more pressured on margin growth. And actually, we said that it would be lower on a year-over-year basis. And that would be driven by much higher revenue that's coming from our equipment group in the delivery of locomotives, predominantly in the back half. So now if we look at the back half and parse that back a little bit better and talk about the cadence between quarters, we would expect the third quarter and the fourth quarter to be up significantly in revenue, but a little bit more on the third quarter than the fourth quarter. And with regards to operating margin, we would expect the margin percent in the third quarter to be less than what we experienced in the fourth quarter.
John Olin: Great. Good question. So let's start with what's driving it. The euro is driving it. The U.S. dollar strengthened dramatically, as you know, against the euro. And if we look at the average euro a year ago, it was at 120. And in the second quarter that we just exited it's at 107. So it's about 12% strengthening against the dollar. What this does is it translates into our revenue, which on a consolidated basis, was down $76 million. And if you look at that, in terms of a percentage of growth, that was 3.8 percentage points of growth that kind of went away because of currency. That was much more predominant when you look at our Transit business. It was $60 million that hit Transit and just shy of 9 percentage points decline in revenue do to it. Now as we lose -- move to the earnings impact, it's considerably less than the impact on revenue and that's a result of the company's natural hedges and the way we're manufacturing and a lot of that being locally. Gross profit in the quarter was down $15 million due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange, and then operating income was only down $4 million.
John Olin: Yes, Ivan, we don't provide specific margins, obviously. But when we look at MODs versus new, the way to think about it is that certainly the revenue is somewhat lower on a MOD than a new. However, the margin is somewhat higher on a MOD than a new.
John Olin: So true. Thanks. Of course, I think the services have -- as you look at least into the past several months, have translated into unparking of locomotives. That -- I mean, as you look forward, it's got to be balanced with carloads being a bit more positive here in the second half of the year. So I think that's part of balance. When you think about investment on new locomotives, it's part of the construct and the dialogue that we have with North American customers. You see that as part of the announcement of some purchases of Tier 4 units this past quarter. And this is very much part of the dialogue. It's going to depend in some of the solutions in order to solve for some of the productivity and efficiency, while we are convinced that there is an opportunity here to invest and drive both reliability and efficiencies from the existing fleet very much aligned with the opportunity here to improve operating ratios and also aligned to driving, I think, significant elements of the decarbonization targets that were laid out there.
John Olin: Okay, Rob. The inflation that you're referring to came in an initial wave of higher costs in the third quarter of last year. And it takes a while for that to roll through our inventory, right? And we saw cost build and rise in the third, fourth and first quarter of this year. And we did have and see another cost shock at a much smaller level than what we saw in the third quarter, and that was due to the war in Ukraine. So as some of that rolls through, we would expect cost to rise a little bit from the first cost shock. Now having said that, we are seeing some tempering of costs out there, right? Metals are had a good quarter. They're down, but they're still at historic highs and up on a year-over-year basis. But tempering, we feel good about that. In terms of the logistics costs, we are continuing to see very high cost of transportation and logistics, in particular, in containers coming from Asia, but they've tempered slightly as well. So -- all this is going to take time to get through our P&L, but we would expect costs in the third quarter to be up a bit from what we are seeing here in the second quarter.
John Olin: We can't quantify that, Saree. Just the overall concept that while we have strong margins and our equipment business are lower than the average. And as Rafael had mentioned, we will have a significant revenue growth driven by that, and that will pull over -- pull down the margin. It's something that we planned on all year long, and we are expecting. And again, that's why we've talked about in the back half that our margins on a year-over-year basis will be lower than a year ago. But on a full year basis, our margins will be up modestly as we've discussed.
John Olin: Nathan, as we look from first quarter to second quarter, we don't see any improvement. The good news is I don't feel it's getting worse. The unfortunate news is we don't feel it's getting better as well. And again, as Rafael had mentioned earlier, that's certainly a big impact on our first half revenues with digital. But chips are hard to come by. We are not seeing a change from the first quarter, and we're hopeful as we move forward.
