Tim Wesley: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning everybody. Welcome to our 2017 third quarter earnings call. Let me introduce everybody else who is with me in the room; Ray Betler, President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We will make some prepared remarks, as normal, and then we'll be happy to take your questions. Before starting the call we will make some forward looking statements, so we ask that you please review today's press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Ray, go ahead and get started.
Tim Wesley: Justin, this is Tim. I think the other thing is just the size of the adjustments. It's not unusual to have pluses and minuses. But generally when those are significant from a dollar amount those are things that we're going to mention, we're going to talk about.
Tim Wesley: I appreciate you asking about PTC, because it's starting to progress, now we're getting closer and closer to a year from now basically everything costs to be in operation. So, we had the nice news from one of our customers that the first full production inoperability operation is completed in that railroaders experience, and 100% performance at many of their subdivisions and throughout their entire network over 95% inoperability and success with the network. So, the feedback we're getting on PTC implementation, commissioning, and now actual operation is very, very positive. There is Class 1 railroads, especially the Western railroads are pushing hard that are logging two million miles a week under PTC operation. One of the railroads has 81 of 90 total subdivisions up and running. So, with that, first of all you saw our PTC numbers are up in third quarter, which is a very [technical difficulty] We have as you know, all the install base on the onboard computer. We've already started to develop enhancements centered around that computer, but we will continue to develop our product roadmap that we presented to our Board, which is going to be a phased approach toward autonomous operations should the railroads ultimately adopt the type of approach.
Tim Wesley: Mike, this is Tim. Let me give you some of the numbers, then I'll let Ray address the rest of the question. So if you compare first quarter of this year to first quarter last year, it was down a bit. Second quarter, it was pretty much flat with the year ago quarter. And then, we saw some growth here in the third quarter versus the third quarter a year ago. So again down year ago in the first quarter, flat in the second, and growth in the third. If you look at the last two quarters and you kind of combine those, it's up modestly.
Tim Wesley: Okay, thanks everybody. We appreciate you being on the call this morning. And we look forward to seeing you maybe at a couple of conferences come up or we will talk to you again in a few months. Have a great day. Bye.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Pat. So to summarize, we remain very confident in our worldwide growth opportunities and in our ability to perform in the future. We expect a strong finish to the year based on our existing backlog and increasing synergies. We have a record and growing backlog. We're making great progress in the Faiveley integration, and we're continuing to invest in our balanced growth strategies around the world. And with that, I'm happy to take your questions.
Ray Betler: Yes, as a matter of fact, Justin, we have specifics plans in our synergy plan, that you know, runs over a three-year period, so some of those costs reductions and synergy plans are focused solely on freight. They include restructuring, as well as consolidation. There's a couple of businesses that we have gone through to planning, and we'll start that process next year. Some we've already started the process, headcount reduction across the board, freight and transit, as well as opportunities for rationalization of product portfolio. And we have growth opportunities, not just reduction opportunities in places where we're starting up new businesses and investing, as I mentioned, in places like Turkey, for instance, India.
Ray Betler: And maybe I can add a little bit of color here, Justin. So since we brought the businesses together, last December, we've been going through integration of processes, so what are best practices in terms of the overall project review process, risk opportunity, evaluation, assessment, allocation, things like how we structure the projects, things like that. And then we've been going through using those best practices in all of our projects and interrogating those projects. So we have more objectivity because there're new sets of eyes from the Wabtec side, on the Faiveley projects from the Faiveley side on the Wabtec projects. And I think all of those have added value in terms of basically the scrutiny we've put on the process, which means that I think going forward we'll have a more effective, more rigorous process that we can use across a collective organization.
Ray Betler: And James, what we can say is if there's no risk of us missing the synergy target for the end of the year.
Ray Betler: Yes, so just think about the situation. So we historically have done our -- obviously have different project processes in terms of the way we set up our projects, the way we administer our projects, the way we implement and execute our projects, and the way we evaluate and report our projects. So part of the integration process, as we've talked, is to assess and focus best practices and come to integrated uniform process in the future. And that's what we've been doing over the course of the last year. And it's something that goes on every month. It's really continuous because we have project reviews on a regular basis. You know, we're a big project portfolio, and so we're vetting all these projects, we're challenging every assumption that's made. We're challenging risk and trying to identify opportunities. And we're also applying corrective actions and solution where they're needed from the best sources we have. And so, to give you an example, we have, let's say, a product deficiency. Okay, how do we solve that issue? Do we pull from the portfolio with part of legacy Faiveley or part of legacy Wabtec? If it was a Wabtec product and Faiveley has a better product in their portfolio now we can leverage that as a better potential solution. So, all those things are going on in this project assessment and project review process. We'll get to a point going into next year now where we have done that work across our total project portfolio. We'll get to a point where we have only one way of bidding and structuring projects at the front end, which is really the key to success starting a project off properly. We'll get to a point where we have a common way of establishing contingency, things like warrantied accounts. So there's a lot of details behind it, Allison. But that's what we've been focused on. And I think the process is working well. And I think we're going to have a more stable environment in the future. That doesn't mean we're not going to have issues. You got a lot of big portfolio, lot of moving parts, lot of risk that has to be managed. But I feel a lot better about our ability to manage our projects in the future.
Ray Betler: I think it's pretty much across the board. We've told you we took a conservative approach, so [indiscernible] $150 million. We took a conservative approach. We wanted to hit a target that we felt we could hit. And then challenge ourselves internally to do better. So you'll get an understanding at the end of the year when we really made up this year, and you will be able to take off from that. But we felt pretty good about our ability to exceed our synergy targets.
Ray Betler: So up till now we've been -- we mentioned that basically it was all friction, and it's pretty much majority dominated by friction, break pads, and things like that in the aftermarket, but are starting to see some component repair opportunity. We're seeing some compressor business. We're seeing some work out of our service shop. We're seeing some electronic repair, so some of the components are starting to flow. There's other areas that because there's less rolling stock in use because of cars in storage, things like freight rails, and things like that have been lower than we would have hoped at this point just based on install base. So, the components are starting to flow, other services or starting to flow, and this is what we can or have been just going to end of year. It's going to increase, I think going into next year, but I would tell you that the recovery, I'll reiterate again, it's not been robust, it's been FS a little bit up and down. So, I don't want to call it "Sluggish," but at the same time it's not robust. So, we expect continual gradual improvement going into next year.
Ray Betler: Yes, Matt. We took the guidance out for the increase aftermarket last quarter as you know, and it's pretty [technical difficulty] we expect the recovery to be pretty much flat to slightly up as the year continues and grown into next year, which is basically what we have in the guidance today. So I think it's picking up well as anticipated, we're going to continue to take initiative and be proactive about trying to get business in the aftermarket trying to both the opportunities across the Board in PTC areas well as in typical freight mechanical areas, but I think it's pretty much what we did expected and we're happy to see the component and service business that we have experienced over this quarter.
Ray Betler: So I think we are well-positioned in the transit side where Siemens also moving to good relationship with both, and on a consolidated basis that obviously represents more standardization for us, small platforms with higher volume. So that's all good, that's all positive. And I think as far as the GE situation, obviously at the corporate level, they are going through in respective assessment trying to showed out what and who they want to be in the future, and if we read the same reports as everybody, if the transportation business falls out of GE, then we still will serve them as a major customer to important customer, buyers, and we have a great relationship with them as we do all the other locomotive builders.
Ray Betler: Yes, Mike. First of all, our guidance that we -- well, let me go back, the strategic planning process which we just presented last week to the Board was really an exciting opportunity. It was an opportunity for us to focusing on all of worldwide product line areas as well as in our functional areas which are mainly focused on efficiency and operational excellence. So we had the chance to look at both revenue growth and cost reduction, operational efficiency improvement, and we are really encouraged by the strategic planning process. In terms of growth itself, what we presented to Board was not based on acquisitions; it was based on organic development only. We supplement that historically if you look at what we have achieved, it ends up being about 50% organic and 50% acquisition, but our strategic plan is focused 100% on organic growth.
Ray Betler: Yes, so we've always lagged -- our recovery will always lag traffic and recovery in the freight market, but we will catch up. And the one thing that could make a significant difference which we've talked about in the past is the overhaul orders. There is overhaul orders that were suspended going into this recession. And when they come back and it will come back that will be a big improvement in the aftermarket business. So there were a couple locomotive overhaul orders. We are starting to see some big opportunities in those areas. We have reviewed that and recently a couple opportunities that are in the pipeline. And if our customers actually through, they will start to see some -- more significant growth.
Ray Betler: Well, Steve, we're just -- we're just starting to run our budget round, so we just came up the strap plan. So we are literally next week starting the budget. So we'll get into the details of those discussions. And based on what we are seeing, I'd say, we are going to see some pickup in aftermarket and freight. But we haven't detailed it yet, that's all.
Pat Dugan: Hi, Justin, right now we haven't broken it out, but I think you would end up with that was very similar, on an adjusted basis, very similar to what you've seen in Q3 and for the full year, with obviously an improving result due to the volumes that are implied in the guidance that are going to come through here in the fourth quarter.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think what you're going to see is an improvement in both. It's going to be -- really you build off of what we've done so far year-to-date, what we've seen in Q3, absent the adjustment, you would end up with kind of an improvement quarter-over-quarter that would be fairly consistent with both segments.
Pat Dugan: So I think it's clearly it's being driven by the continued integration of the two companies and how we look at these projects. We've had the opportunity to take the best of both of the two organizations, and see where if there's a way to deliver a project to our customers using the best of both technologies, know-how, and capabilities. And in some cases, it really forced us to look at costs that had already been incurred, and whether we needed to incur extra.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I don't think that there's changes -- this is Pat. I don't think there's any item in particular that we would focus on. I think that as you get to the end of the year you refine your aftermarket estimates and your -- which can be more of a drop in order. And you also start getting a little bit better color on the OE side, and what the customers' expectations are in terms of deliveries and staging with their own project schedules.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think at the end it's about $6 million or $7 million is kind of what we're focusing on. That's also a little bit blurry because you get between restructuring, and synergies, and kind of the normal adjustment of costs related to volume changes. But I think that if you kind of focused on that number you would see that the -- I think that's probably a pretty good estimate of where we're at.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I don't think we're going to give that kind of guidance here on this call. October is still an ongoing month. And so it's probably more information what we'd normally give.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean, we definitely have -- when you look at working capital, we have been working very hard to reduce it. The overall working capital is up. There's a couple of reasons. Some of it relates to the acquisition, but our sales have started to ramp up here in the third quarter. But the think that I've been focusing on is our DSOs from Q2 are down, actually improved about 6% from the June numbers. And then so we're doing -- I think, doing a better job of collecting our receivables. And the trick now is just to continue to make that improvement going forward into the fourth quarter.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I mean, that's the -- when you look at trade unbilled you're balancing that against your customer deposit, so that's offset a lot of things.
Pat Dugan: I know it's that kind of normalized 27.5%. So, that would give us kind of an overall for the year in the 25 range, because of the discrete item it came through in Q3. So, 2017, Q4, yes right.
Pat Dugan: Yes, we don't give revenue by customer. So, we can't discuss that. I mean, we give that disclosure in the 10-K, I think that's once a year when we do our…
Pat Dugan: Right now we're just starting our budgeting process, and so it would be premature for us to get any kind of guidance in any of the elements of our business.
Pat Dugan: Yes, so I mean when you look at our -- if we go back and at the second quarter and then when the third quarter comes out, some of our biggest use of cash is in areas like accounts payable and inventory and AR are up slightly, but they are very much starting to improve in terms of sales turns and day sales outstanding and inventory turns. The AP has been affected by the paying the deal cost that were approved at the beginning of the year. And right now we were managing all those things. Our unbilled are not growing in the excess of the deposits we are receiving on our customers and our projects. So I think that that's -- those are all kind of positive trends even though the results haven't been what we are expecting so far. And we are looking to improve that going into the fourth quarter, but our goal always will be and going forward is that our cash from operations exceeds our net income and we expect that to come back to be consistent next year. And then for the priorities, I mean our priorities in cash always will remain at we are going to invest in the business. Our R&D programs, our acquisition programs, and then de-levering in the business when we can and being opportunistic in terms of any kind of stock buybacks.
Pat Dugan: Well, I think we talked about the contract adjustments that it was size and scale and the result of continuing integration of the businesses, you know, look at some of those projects and how we could perform better for our customers. But in terms of taxes, I mean we have those adjustments every quarter. It's part of our normal projects and the street items where we look at how we do the accounting for our income taxes and the opportunities to improve the tax rate. And so it -- just like in other quarters it flows through in our results. And they were not specific to the acquisitions. So in our eyes this was not an item that you would -- we would add back or remove from the adjusted EPS. That's the right way to say. And we talked about in my earlier comments is that internally we knew that there was an opportunity and we had included that in our results going into the second half of the year here. It just happened that we did a little bit better job and we got a little bit larger benefit -- slightly larger benefit.
Pat Dugan: Well, so again -- as I said, I mean the ones we just reported in the third quarter are the kind of the normal specific tax projects and efforts that we go through to minimize the -- our cost. The one that we added back earlier was very specific to the transaction and even more so it's specific to adjusting some of the normal adjustments to goodwill that come through. And then of course the tax that's related to those changes. So it seemed like a pretty bright line of what is acquisition related and should be added back and what is kind of normal operations, and we do not include it in our adjusted EPS.
Pat Dugan: Yes, that's our estimate right now. It's based on the mix of business and what jurisdiction whether it's kind of foreign or U.S. and then of course the statutory rates are in those numbers or in those countries. So that's our estimate right now and that would be kind of a more normal run rate. And we of course -- once we go through our forecast and our budgets for next year, we'll redo the blended effective tax rate and we'll have changed guidance in future periods.
Pat Dugan: Sure. Yes, I mean we have an interest in a strong pipeline for acquisitions. We obviously are focused on a investment grade credit rating. And so, we are constantly keeping everybody updated on what does -- what our balance sheet -- where we expect our balance sheet to be and where our ratios and leverage calculations would be. But ultimately, we have a strong capacity. And we can look at all kinds of different opportunities in terms of changing our capital structure to facilitate any kind of acquisition. And -- but we will do it in a thoughtful way that make sure that we don't jeopardize our credit ratings.
