Kristine Kubacki: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtec’s first quarter 2023 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana, CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today’s slide presentation along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on our investor relations tab on WabtecCorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Raphael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Andrea. Thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Rafael Santana: So Justin, I’ll start with a strong quarter. We finished with a strong pipeline of opportunities. And I think we continue to add on some really important options here for multiyear orders. As you look into the quarter specifically, I would say revenues were a bit higher. Piece of that was the alleviation of the supply chain. But the other one was really a piece of, I’ll call, locomotive parkings being actually a positive. So there were lower parking than we had for last year. That’s not what we have planned for the year. The plan for the year was to locomotive parkings to be up. So with that, we do expect that to be more amplified in the second half of the year. For the first half, I think we will continue to be a positive. I think ultimately, a lot of that’s going to depend on the improvement of both velocity and well times. And that’s, I think, ultimately going to be determinant. So I wanted to speculate, I think we feel very strong about the dynamics of the year based on the backlog that we have. The convertibility really is high for the year. At this point, we moved into a new high from the 12-month backlog. So we feel confident about our ability to deliver on the guidance that we provided at this point.
Rafael Santana: Allison, I’ll just add that -- I mean the good of you saw in the last 2 years, I think has positioned the business well from a backlog perspective. Some of these were multiyear agreements. So the backlog coverage is actually better than it was a year ago. So the team with that continues to be really very much focused on making sure that we drive convertibility into 2023 still got to work through that.
Rafael Santana: A couple of comments there. First, I mean, we’re not going to comment on the accident per se. But if you think about rail safety, I think this is a top priority for both us and for our customers. I think similarly to what we do in efficiency or carbon emissions, I mean we continue to partner with customer share to further improve rail safety, rail productivity, emissions. We are working with a number of customers on technologies that help really further detect and anticipate any failure of systems or subsystems, and that’s continued to be a part of opportunities we have to continue to always drive continuous improvement in the space.
Rafael Santana: Okay. So first, we continue to see a strong pipeline of deals here. We see good momentum, both internationally and in North America. Our team continues to be really focused on order conversion. If you think about internationally, whether it’s Brazil, Kazakhstan, Africa, Australia, we’ve had really a number of projects that are being discussed at this point. And in North America as well, I think there continues to be an opportunity here to really drive productivity and efficiency, really renewing a fleet that’s quite aged and there’s significant opportunities there. So with that in mind, I think this is probably the best visibility we’ve had over the last years -- in the next 3 years. And we see the opportunity here to continue to drive really momentum towards delivering the 5-year guidance we provided last year. You asked specifically some elements of PTC and internationally. We’re continuing to expand, and we will be deploying PTC in another market internationally. So I think that’s a big part of the opportunity, and we’re having the opportunity here to upgrade those systems. So the momentum there continues on driving innovation, driving really the next general products that will drive both efficiency and productivity for customers. So a positive from that perspective. And on Transit, I mean, I think the trends continue to be positive there as well. And we see the fundamentals of the business is quite good.
Rafael Santana: I think a lot of that is, again, back to driving efficiency. I mean if you think about it, trains that are being pulled down by three locomotives or four locomotives, how do you replace those with last locomotives? So instead of three, you have two. Or four, you have three locomotives pulling a train. And with that, I mean these locomotives -- the locomotives were delivering now today are burning last fuel. So there’s the benefits that come from that. They’re more reliable in that context. So that helps drive efficiency to the next level. And with that, that’s where I think momentum comes in, in terms of the opportunities to continue to drive adapt efficiency across their operations. And we’re continuing to invest in technologies that will help further accelerate that, and that’s something that we continue to see opportunities on.
Rafael Santana: We’re continuing to work with our customers and other stakeholders share in the industry to continue to call support improvement. And there’s always a sense of continuous improvement, despite rail being the most sustainable way of moving things over land. I mentioned here some other technologies that we’ve been working with customers that could anticipate, once again, a failure at various equipments, including not just thermal, but also vibration and other technologies here that allow us to be more predictive on rail. So we see an opportunity here to continue to drive, I’ll call innovation in the space. And with that, I think we have a set of solutions that can continue to help customers drive efficiency, productivity, emissions and rail safety.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, I think it’s, number one, it’s a significant opportunity that we have. A lot of it resides into a lot of the elements that we described as automation, which comes down to really driving what I call a more seamless operation that will improve both the elements of efficiency, but that will also drive opportunities here to continue to capitalize on safety and other elements of that. And some of it comes down to potential introduction of new projects and new products and technologies, such as products that allow the detection in anticipation of failure, whether that’s at the locomotive level, whether that’s at train level, that’s a piece of it. The other one is the integration of some of these systems. You’re well aware of our Trip Optimizer, which is a product that we have largely deployed not just in North America, but internationally as well. The combination of that with PTC and some other elements really allow you to fundamentally operate a train largely with what we would call an autopilot. So those are some of the things that we have an opportunity here to continue to drive with customers. And we’re at different stages on that, depending on the complexity of networks around various parts of the world. And we’re seeing really an opportunity here to drive larger adoption. I mentioned here, PTC internationally. I mean we’ve gone with PTC now not just into Brazil, but we did it in Africa. We’re expanding into Asia, and that’s another area where we expect that to go into. We’ve got opportunities to share with wayside monitoring as well. And those are some of the things that we’re currently either in the process of installing or discussing it with customers in North America. It’s a significant opportunity.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, it’s very high, right? I mean if you think about PTC, it’s really deployed across the entire installed base, whether it’s Wabtec locomotives or any other compatible locomotive that’s running out there. When this -- when it comes to Trip Optimizer, that’s more, I’ll call, really been largely deployed at the Wabtec locomotives. So that’s an area of an opportunity that we would have here to continue to expand on that. And with that, I mean, there is the evolution of some of the products that we’ve talked to you guys before, such as 0 to 0, which really amplifies a lot of the element of automating the entire trip. And with that, the continued automation of some of these systems. The Shamoda [Ph] systems, that really operate at a network level. So helping the railroads both dispatch trains, but really ultimately manage the network. Things like Movement Planner, which allow you to really, in a very fast mode, be able to redefine the operations and dispatches you’re going to be doing along the day.
Rafael Santana: Well, let me start here because I think the first thing is we will have significant variation, as John mentioned here, in terms of quarter-to-quarter. And some of it, it’s mix. I mean, John, just told you here how we saw very significant growth on delivering of new locomotives, But mods was significantly down in the quarter. We’ve got project specifics. We’ve got investments when it comes down to specialty R&D, which we continue to drive. And those will have variation quarter-to-quarter. And we’ve got still some of the elements of cost dynamics playing in. So I’d just be careful with some of those assumptions on how they play quarter-to-quarter as it will be bumpy from that perspective, but we feel very well about making sure that we deliver on the guidance we’ve provided.
Rafael Santana: Matt, if you go back to some of the comments we made earlier on, those who are around, I’ll call it, to translate to today, about $7,000 of content in a freight car that we would see on average. We have had the opportunity here to, as John described, win share. And that was largely due to some of the investments we did in inventory and the ability to ultimately be able to serve customers in that context. We do see an opportunity here, and we’ll continue to drive, I’ll call, really entitlement and share into the products that we sell, especially as we go here into this battery electric locomotives, the opportunity to have a lot more content as we drive the integration of the system. And that speaks not just to the brakes that speaks to various other parts, including heat exchangers and things like that into the system. So I think we’re going to continue to see us driving share up. It’s a slow play game as you got to really work with customers that have fleets with auto systems deployed. And we got to make sure that we’re putting up also the services to be able to support them on through that process. But it’s not an opportunity for growth for us and how we’ve been executing on it.
Rafael Santana: It will depend again by freight car type. And -- so that’s why we give that average number. But -- and again, that’s related to freight car. That’s a different number if you think about locomotives.
Rafael Santana: It is higher. Again, it speaks to the various, I’ll call, critical systems that we have that’s sell-out to doors, HVAC systems, call platters, brake systems and so forth.
Rafael Santana: When I talk about I thought in the context of transit and specifically, when I made those comments. But overall, we see that across the business. I think in transit, if you think about the underlying fundamentals, the book-to-bill over 1- to 12-month backlog being really up over 5% and even the multiyear backlog on a constant current basis, up over 9%. And we’re continuing to see, I mean, really a lot of strength in the pipeline of opportunities there. But we -- as I said, on the Freight segment, see it very much the same. So the order question that we got before, it was largely an element of, I’ll call, multi-billion dollar orders that we signed in the first half of the year, the combination of the modernization with both Union Pacific and NS.
Rafael Santana: Here, shall I look at it. It comes down to the pipeline of opportunities that we’re driving. And the convertibility is going to be lumpy. I mean as I signed a 3-year agreement, that’s over $1 billion, that’s not going to repeat again every year. So that’s a little bit of that lumpiness that we’re talking about. We are working with our customers and making sure that we’re driving to really have those multiyear orders. I think it’s in the best interest in terms of both the quality of the product, but the cost of the product that we get. And the visibility is good in terms of those pipeline of opportunities. And the opportunity to continue to drive, I’ll call, both revenue growth here on the combination of both modernizations and new equipment. So good visibility out there and good visibility with the 12-month backlog, which provides us really the confidence on the convertibility into 2023 and now starting to look into the first part of 2024 as well.
Rafael Santana: That’s a key area of focus for us. It’s really looking at the convertibility of the backlog. And that’s why I’ve highlighted the elements of this -- about our visibility that we have right now, and then with over really had in the business, which comes down to visibility on 2023, 2024 and 2025. And that’s what those multiyear orders ultimately provide us. We have had discussions. It’s something that we’ll continue to evaluate here in terms of making sure that there is that visibility in terms of how the business will behave. But I go back to very much the guidance we provided last year in terms of the 5-year outlook, which provides both, I’ll call revenue expansion and margin expansion for the business. We’re committed to deliver on that.
Rafael Santana: Well, we’re not seeing pushouts, number one. And so again, back to the comments I made earlier on. A lot of what’s driving the demand is associated with really gains in productivity and efficiency, tied to a fleet that aged quite a bit. That’s some of the elements of North America, but we see also some positive signs here in terms of the pipeline of opportunities internationally. Some of that is tied to new projects, like in countries like Brazil, as we described. In some other ones, you’ve got an element of a combination of both replacement of older units, driving efficiency and productivity with also good in terms of volume in that context. And so in that framework, no, we have not seen any delays or push outs in terms of orders.
Rafael Santana: Rob, costs remain high. And I think as an organization, we really remain very diligent on both cost management and pricing through that process, despite the fact you see some costs coming down in the spot market. Like transportation order is still very volatile, when if you think about copper or energy. So the team continues to be very diligent on those.
Rafael Santana: Well, so a little bit of welcome with just the first quarter results, which organic growth over 9%. I think to some extent, we’ve benefited from catch up in the quarter due to supply chain disruptions. So I think that’s a piece. I did mention about the fundamentals of the business being strong. But it, you look to the book-to-bill above 1 to 12 months and multiyear backlog. I think we’re pleased to see the progress, but we still have significant work ahead here to simplify the footprint further improve and sustain margins. I think you’re going to continue to see some variation quarter-to-quarter. But we’re working to drive margin expansion in the year, both for transit and for our freight business as well. I think the fundamentals on transit; we continue to see really authorities committed to continue to invest some infrastructure. Spending continues to be a positive there with government spending in rail. And our customer OEMs also have very strong backlogs in that context, which continue to drive opportunities for us.
Rafael Santana: We see a growing opportunity there. And you’re right, we see this as a very strategic quarter. This customer that ultimately, I’ll call adopted Wabtec largely in terms of the solutions, and we see that as a very significant step in that direction. There’s a number of new concessions taking place. I think we have really built a very solid story on partnering customers over time to drive efficiency, to drive productivity and we’ve been, I think, really benefiting from that starting with customers, and we’ve got growth opportunity here ahead of us. In terms of the numbers for the market, I’d say you can probably think about 50-plus unit market for us in that context.
John Olin: Well, out of the $2.5 billion, a good $2 billion of it is tied to the service contracts, right? And if the locomotives are running, we’re earning and if they’re parked, we don’t. So we don’t provide, Justin, the amount in our forecast. But as Rafael had mentioned, on a full year basis, we expected the parkings to grow, be up, which would be a headwind to revenue. What we saw in the first quarter was a slight reduction. So again, a little bit of a benefit. And that drove a little bit more revenue than what we expected in the quarter. But on a full year basis, Justin, we would expect to get to that target or even a little bit higher. And the reason I say a little bit higher is that, if you remember last quarter, we talked about our assumption on carloads, and that was for flat. And coming out of the first quarter, flat doesn’t feel is likely now given the fact that carloads were down to 3.6%. So that could amplify a little bit of the parking. But Justin, to answer your question specifically, we don’t provide that number. But we’ve got 16,000 of them running in North America and the fewer that run a little bit less that we get in revenue.
John Olin: Yes. Great question, Justin. So we talked about last time, it was around margin as well as revenue. And starting with margin, we had said that we expect the margin to grow on a full year basis in line with our long-term plans. And that growth would all come in the back half. So we expect the first half on margin to be flat, and that’s really where we’re at. On a year-over-year basis, actually, we’re down about 0.1% so kind of check on that one. We feel good about where we’re at versus our plan, and that leads us to revenue. And last time we talked about revenue, growing faster in the first half than the second half. And again, we had strong revenue growth in the first quarter. As Rafael had mentioned that revenue growth did exceed our expectations. And when we looked at putting the plan together, Justin, we look from launching from the fourth quarter, right? And when you take out currency, the fourth quarter was up 15.7%. And we expected a little bit of tempering from the fourth quarter. And what we got is a little bit of an acceleration, and we ended up ex currency at 16.8%. And so that difference of revenue, some of that’s being pulled from the back half. So that was driven by three things. One is our assumption on supply disruption. It was a little bit more front-loaded than we had planned. So that drove a little bit more. The second area we talked about parkings. We had forecasted it to be up. It was down and that added a little bit to that revenue over our expectations. And then the third one is in our Components group. Components was able to take market share. We still feel very good about our carload build of 40 to 45. But because of the availability and the investment that we’ve made in working capital and inventory, in particular, we were able to take a little bit of share due to availability. So most of those will reverse themselves out in the back half. And so largely from a revenue standpoint, we’re on track with where we expected to be. Again, a little bit more in the first quarter, and that will come out -- most of that will come out a little bit in the next 3 quarters.
John Olin: Yes. So when we looked at the full year, and we talked about the last couple of quarters that we expect our mods to be up double digit on the year. But when we look at the quarter, Allison, actually mods were down a fair amount in the first quarter. And that’s nothing to get excited about. That’s the way it was planned. And we’ll have still that double-digit growth by the end of the year. So that’s the cadence that we’re referring to. I think where it comes in to be important, Allison, is when you look at the fourth quarter, mix was a big driver of that unfavorability. And at that time, we had talked about both locomotives and mods being up quite significantly driving that. In the first quarter, mix is unfavorable, but not to the same extent that we saw in the fourth quarter, because we had a little bit of offset and the mods being down in the quarter. And we also saw a very strong growth, as you saw in our equipment group, with regards to the locomotives.
John Olin: There was a little bit of catch up in the computer chips. I wouldn’t say a lot. And again, the first time we started to see the computer chip market ease was in the fourth quarter. And so we saw a little bit more easing. But not a huge portion of it, Allison, but a bit of it.
John Olin: Rob, we typically see -- or our customers typically see a mid-double-digit return, or IRR, on their purchase of either a new or a modernized unit. Typically a little bit higher on a new, but both in the mid double-digit returns. So they’ve got a very good strong economic incentive.
John Olin: Sure, Saree. Integration 2.0, as we exited 2022, the spending was a little bit higher than what we had anticipated. So that is very good. It means we’ll get to the savings quicker. But looking at that launching spot, Saree, after 1 year, we spent $46 million. A lot of that noncash, but took a $46 million charge. And with that, we returned $5 million of savings. And as we move into the next couple of years, we would expect that $5 million of savings to grow to $75 million to $90 million on a run rate basis in 2025. So we expect a fair ramp as we go forward with that. And we saw some of that certainly in the first quarter. When we look about the segments, most of the spending and you said a majority of the spending as well as the savings are going to accrue to the transit group. There is a fair amount in the freight side, but a little bit over shared in terms of our investment and opportunity for consolidation in transit. And again, when you look at the margins in the first quarter, we were up 0.8 points year-over-year. Some of that was certainly driven by those savings on the investments that we made in 2021 beginning to turn and pay off.
John Olin: No. In terms of the spending, we would expect it to be a little bit north of what we spent last year of the $46 million. In terms of savings, again, Saree, we’ve got 3 years to ramp up from $5 million to, call it, $80 million to $85 million at the midpoint. So it’s pretty significant, And it will continue to build over that period of time. So a little bit more in 2024 than 2023.
John Olin: Yes. Sure, Jerry. So yes, this is the first quarter after 6 very rapidly rising quarters of our cost of goods sold that we saw, even with a year ago. So costs were flat on a year-ago basis. I don’t want anyone to walk away that think that costs are fine. They are very elevated. They are very high, but this is the first quarter and 6 that we didn’t see them rise, right? And -- so with regards to that, Jerry, it’s tough to say what next quarter will be. We’ve certainly got our forecasts, but there’s more elements of the costs that are all moving some in different directions. And you got metal costs and they’re falling, right? They skyrocketed from the second quarter of 2021 through the invasion, into the second quarter of 2022. Since then, they’ve been coming down. And so we feel very good about that. And then also the transportation costs, very similar, both from a fuel standpoint and a container cost. Those are on the positive side. And remember, that takes time for that to flow through our inventory. The other pieces of it are not so good, right? Labor is more of a latent cost that certainly continues to rise. And then we can’t forget about general inflation, right? Everything else is inflating. Certainly, CPI was up 5% in March. So all of those things are acting within our cost structure. And then, Jerry, as you know, we got about 60% of our revenue under long-term contracts. And a lot of those have cost escalators in them. And if things start to go down, it will be a cost the escalator. So we monitor it all very closely. I think the important piece or the most important piece is it has been our aim since it all started 7 quarters ago, is to make sure that we’re driving a price cost equilibrium, which we started or hit in the second quarter of last year and have maintained for the last 4 quarters. And we expect to continue to maintain that throughout 2023.
John Olin: Yes, in terms of quarterly cadence, Nathan, obviously, all of our equipment is under longer-term contracts. And we had a contract that came through that was going to be heavy in the back half of 2022 and heavy in the first half of this year. And with that is tied to the mix. We saw unfavorable mix in the back half of last year, and we’re seeing unfavorable mix in the first quarter. And we would expect the mix in that level of elevated growth out of the equipment group to move into the second quarter. We don’t specifically provide what that growth would be from equipment. But suffice to say that, that level of delivery was for 4 quarters, and we would start to see from a revenue standpoint to step down in the back half just as we saw it step up in the first half -- second half of last year. And again, the mix will also mitigate and drive some of that improved margin in the back half of next year -- I’m sorry, back half of this year.
John Olin: Matt, when we look at it, there can be orders that move this quarter to that quarter just like our overall volumes. Over time, it’s nothing significant in the numbers. We saw a 4.4% increase in the 12 months, and ex currency was about 5.5% up. But any driver of the supply disruptions, a lot of that would have been baked in over the last 7 quarters, right? And we’re seeing a little bit of release of that, but nothing of great significance on a number of that magnitude.
John Olin: And all that, I would add, Matt, is that that’s why we’re providing it by half. Things move around a little bit between quarters. And -- it’s in line with what we guided. It’s in line with what we expected. And so there’s always puts and takes in any given quarter, but it’s right in line with where we thought. And we feel kind of -- again, going back to my first comment, kind of check in terms of margin out of the gate here in the first quarter.
John Olin: Yes. We don’t provide that number. Actually, Matt, I don’t know the number. But we don’t provide it as well. So the other one is, yes, we are seeing the opportunities. And as time goes on, in terms of the group’s working better and as equipment is selling products, we’re pulling as many things that we make across the board on to these things. So yes, we’re seeing strong revenue synergies in terms of, again, all of our products working in unison with one another to deliver the best locomotive we can to our customers.
John Olin: And Steve, the backlog has grown in the last 3 years ever since the merger. Each and every year, the multiyear backlog has grown.
John Olin: Well, that was all part of the initial guidance that we put in there, Rob, is we are looking for the year overall to be up in terms of margin and that driven by productivity, absorption, partially offset by unfavorable mix on a full year basis. And then we would also expect SG&A to be positive as a percent of revenue throughout the year and our R&D spending to be in line with that. So again, when we look at the first quarter, we’re right on track in terms of margin. And we don’t see any change in the margin as the guidance that we gave that margin will grow largely in the back half of the year.
