Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's first quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions.  Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: I'd like to thank everybody for your participation today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you. Goodbye.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So that's right. We are considering it's 0 for the year at this point. I think the offsets Justin, I'll start with the first quarter. We're really tied to -- well, first, I think the business is operating well. Our teams have done strong execution. We've also seen positive coming from the unparking of locomotives with demand on the services business. We also have seen a stronger mining business that now we have anticipated.  So, if you think about the year, I think it's continuing to work to find offsets, not just tied to the loss of the business in Russia, but headwinds of inflation and supply chain, transportation costs as well. I think with the first quarter behind us, I think the team continues to work on those offsets. The other thing that I would add is, uncertainly have certainly increased since we last talked in February. But we have probably a stronger pipeline of opportunities in the business. And I think despite of the volatile market conditions, we felt really strong about maintaining guidance at this point.
Rafael Santana: Yes, Justin. Number one, we have fundamentally backlog again for what we need as far as new locomotives being delivered this year. And it's actually started that gains momentum through the year. If you look at the second half of the year, we're going to actually be delivering more than 50% more locomotives than we did on the year before in the second half. So, I think that's one data point.  I think what was more exciting about the quarter was really the backlog. It was a positive again in the quarter. I think we see momentum in the order intake and growing backlog, the pipeline of deals has strengthened again. And this is probably the strongest pipeline of deals we've had over the last five years. And our commercial team here continues to be focused on converting this pipeline. I think you saw some of that progress with the things we announced here in the first quarter.  The strength is also reflected on the 12-month backlog. This is certainly the highest we've had since the merger. And that's for both freight and transit. So, I think there's good momentum there and I think some of the things I described to you certainly helped, I think, '23, '24 and beyond. So multiyear orders that really help us to continue to build momentum. So that is something very positive we signed in the quarter.
Rafael Santana: So Jerry, double-digit growth this year versus last year into the Mods business. When you look at across the year, I think there is a relative consistency we could have variation just in terms of time of shipment, but double-digit growth. But I think what's more exciting is I think I had mentioned that before on auto costs. I think what we thought would have been a cap in terms of that volume in North America, we see the opportunity here to further expand that business. And internationally, I think some of the momentum continues. And so we see that business with a strong opportunity here to continue to grow moving forward.
Rafael Santana: So, with regards to, number one, the business in Russia, we are complying with all sanctions and legal requirements. We are committed, again, to the safe operations of equipment in the region. And we have say to some extent, providing nominal support for this purpose. Given the uncertainty, given the conflict we have removed Russia from our backlog.
Rafael Santana: What I'll tell you there is we continue to see on parking. We're back to numbers that are comparable to the third quarter of 2019. So that's, I think, a good - a positive for the business. Some of those fleets are on part, they've been parked for quite a bit of time, and they demand some level of investments. But I think most importantly, when you look at the fluidity, the velocity and the network, I think the demands for really reliable power and continued investment for our customers in order to continue to improve those metrics. I think that's something that we certainly have, I think, a lot of the solutions for it.
Rafael Santana: That was not a key offset to maintaining the guidance, but we're very pleased to have purchased $300 million. And largely Courtney, it's going back. We came out of what we believe is the trough in 2021. And we feel confident in the future. We want to get off to a good start to the year, and we're able to repurchase 300 million shares.  As we look forward, I think I would go back to what we had said at Investor Day with regards to capital allocation. that we are going to focus on making sure that we have a strong balance sheet. We invest in the business in terms of capital and technology spend, which you saw in the first quarter and the dividend and protecting the dividend. Then from there, we would prioritize and continue to prioritize acquisitions as long as they are strategic and accretive over share repurchases. And finally, barring that any excess cash, I'll come back to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases.
Rafael Santana: Right. What we're seeing as far as transit is overall revenues were down 6.5% and - as we had mentioned, 5.1 percentage points of that is due to currency. The other drag that we had with regards to revenue is about - well, not about a year ago, first quarter, we exited a lot of our UK operations on the service side, so an aftermarket, that was basically our brush product line.  By the time we exited that business, it was the end of the third quarter. And right now, we're lapping those higher revenues from a year ago as we exit that business and that's roughly about the same impact that currency had on our transit business. The third element, obviously is the supply disruptions continue to hit that business a little bit more than others. But excluding those, we would have seen good underlying growth in the transit business.
Rafael Santana: Right. During the acquisition, we had looked to take $10 million of cost out of that business over the next couple of years, and we are tracking with that. I mean that's coming out certainly in operational efficiencies that would hit gross margin as well as a lot of duplicate SG&A expenses are coming out as well. This will be the last quarter that we're lapping that acquisition. And with that, we did see higher SG&A in the quarter, as you'd expect.
Rafael Santana: Yes. I'd say, ridership trends to continue to be uneven across various markets there. We're not seeing any signs of slowdown of the market. And I think to some extent, the current crisis favors rail the energy intensity of rail is a fraction of -- if you were to compare to either passenger cars or well, even trucking into the freight segment. I think the other element I'd mention is certainly Europe, but other parts of the world, the hybrid work model may also increase demand for intercity trains.  So on one side, infrastructure spending continues to be a positive with governments investing in rail. So, you'll see that in the short term. We could continue to see some delay in project execution due to supply chain disruptions. But largely, the fundamentals of the business remain the same, remain strong, consistent of what you might have heard from auto customers and OEMs in that sector.
Rafael Santana: I think we have largely been holding market share positions. It, of course, varies product line by product line. I think 1 of the things we made a clear upfront was really working towards the quality of the backlog, which has improved over the last couple of years. And that comes down to also making some of those choices and working in that direction. So, we're continuing to improve those numbers.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So Allison, two things. I think we've made some decisions last year in terms of while trying anticipate some of this, but the lack of computer chips have had a significant impact for the business in the year. We still expect that business to grow. I think some of the good signs are tied to the double-digit order growth you saw last year.  Some were really multiyear agreements we saw again a strong book-to-bill in the first quarter, which was above two for the business. I think, again, a focus area for our teams to make sure that we continue to drive convertibility into 2022 with additional orders. And I think the other comment, I would make is North America continues to be slow, despite of some of the announcements here with May. But we're continuing to gain momentum internationally. I think there's some significant opportunities tied to PTC adoption internationally and some of the other technologies that we have.
Rafael Santana: Yes. Let me start with what we're saying, and this is broad, and it's more than the North American market. If you think about freight internationally, I think across our key geographies, we see demand are really tied to commodities flow. So think about volume dynamics are positive. If you look at some of the data that we shared in both Kazakhstan and India. I think we have inquiries for new equipment to be delivered in Africa. We have a number of projects under discussion in Australia, in Asia as well as a function of that. Even despite of the volume drop you saw in Brazil, I'd say trends are positive tied to the mid, long term and new concessions.  You mentioned North America. I think we see sequential improvement of unparking of both freight cars and locomotives I think the expectation there is that the investment will continue in terms of customers needing reliable and efficient power to solve through some of the things that we described. And we certainly expect Carlyle to continue to improve throughout the year. So that's maybe just with regards to that part. I think I've made some of the comments on transit. But this is broader than I think North America and I think that goes into some of the comments I made around really the momentum that we saw in the quarter, again, with regards to the growing backlog.
Rafael Santana: I'd say we're continuing to explore acquisitions. We're going to be opportunistic here. It's got to come with the right returns on investments. So. this is not about the number of acquisitions that we do. This is about really value creation and really very consistent with the capital allocation framework that we shared with you guys during Investor Day.
Rafael Santana: I think the priority is to find good quality, accretive deals that we can grow beyond what the previous owner was able to do to drive overall value for the company.
John Olin: Hi Jerry, this is John. With regards to the earnings cadence, we came out last quarter and talked about, we expected the first half to be a little bit lighter in terms of revenue growth. And - but heavier in terms of earnings growth, and that would reverse in the back half. And the big difference between the two is what Rafael just talked about, as our equipment grows and it's going to gain momentum through the back half.  I think what we're seeing in the first quarter is very much in line with that overall sequence. And we had a revenue growth of 5.5% and margin growth of 1.4 percentage points. As we look to the back half, we would expect to see a significant revenue growth. However, our overall margin growth is going to be lower on a year-over-year basis than it is in the first half -- I'm sorry, on a year-over-year basis. That's driven, Jerry, by three things: one is the mix shift because of shipping in a much higher percentage of equipment sales; the second is, easier comps were tougher comps in the back half by about 1.5 percentage points; and the other is what Rafael mentioned as well, we'd expect more cost pressure in the back half because of the most recent cost surge that happened in Q1 with the invasion of Ukraine.
John Olin: Hi Courtney, this is John. Courtney, what we had talked about in Investor Day is that, we would be a little bit older shared in the first quarter in terms of earnings expectations. We did not say the majority of our earnings would be in the first quarter. On a full year basis, we had planned for $0.25. In the first quarter, we probably, $0.03 or $0.04 we shipped before the conflict began, but it was just a little bit overweighted versus an even split across all quarters. And the other piece is, yes, Russia is out of the backlog and we took that out during the quarter - this quarter.
John Olin: Right. Matt, I think we've got a very robust process looking at the opportunities. And again, it's not one to three or how many, it's the quality, how accretive they are and how on strategy they are? I think Nordco, which we did about a year ago at this time is a great example of the value that we can drive through our M&A activity. And more recently, we just had one with Beena Vision and certainly MASU at the end of the year. So, we feel very good about where we're at, as well as our pipeline as we look forward. And it certainly is a priority for the company to continue to do accretive M&A transactions.
