Tim Wesley: Hi, Steven. Hello everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. Let me introduce the others who are here with me in beautiful downtown Wilma Dain, Ray Betler, our President and CEO; Pat Dugan, our CFO; Stéphane Rambaud-Measson, our COO; and our Corporate Controller, John Mastalerz. We say a welcome to Stéphane, who’s joining us on the call for the first time. As usual, we will make our prepared remarks and then we will take your questions. We will make forward-looking statements during the call, so we ask that you review today’s press release for the appropriate disclaimers. And just before I hand it off to Ray, a quick reminder. Our investor conference, investor day is coming up on May 7th in Ney York. If you would like to attend the RSVP deadline is this Friday. So if you need more details, please get in touch with me. Ray, go ahead.
Tim Wesley: Yes. I think, Justin, this is Tim. So in the context of your question and the media reports and everything, we’ve always had our long-standing policy of not speculating on rumors, commenting on rumors or speculation. So I think we’ll stick to that.
Tim Wesley: I think we talked about our long-term goal and where we wanted our leverage ratios to be. Obviously, there’s a certain amount of deleveraging that is expected in our investment grade rating right now, and that’s – it’s a big part of formulating our cash strategy. And I think that that’s remained consistent and haven’t changed.
Tim Wesley: Scott, this is Tim again. I’ll jump in again and say that we’re not going to comment more than anything related to rumors or speculation, so I’m not going to comment on that. As far as content on locomotive, you know, it varies. I think we’ve said that if we get everything, maybe it’s a couple hundred thousand, but we’ve never given an average content level on the max.
Tim Wesley: Again, we don’t break it out. We do give you the revenues for both, we just haven’t break it out the backlog or the contracts for both.
Tim Wesley: Hey, Matt, this is Tim again. So the first quarter revenues for PTC was $59 million, Signaling was $32 million, for a total of $91 million.
Tim Wesley: Yes, we don’t give the specific breakdown for Train Control and Signaling by the two segments. Historically, a majority of it has been in Freight. That’s been a lengthy shifting, a little bit more – the mix might be shifting a little bit to Transit as some of the project work with Transit agencies, but we don’t give a specific breakout.
Tim Wesley: Yes, I think our long-term view of our leverage is that we should be in that 2 to 2.5 times. Clearly, it’s part of the Faiveley acquisition, where we talked about this with our rating agencies, there was a plan for deleveraging over time, and they’re fully aware of our financial policy and our goal of getting there. We expect to be investment-grade company, and maintaining that investment grade rating, and that leverage ratio is a big part of that long-term building.
Tim Wesley: Yes. We actually – because the operations are so intertwined, we really don’t kind of break it out in Transit versus Freight. It just would be – first of all, when I said, it would be very difficult to do. I think all in all, we see is a good overall cash flow performance when you look at the prior quarter, it’s typical operations as we come out of the year-end in the first quarter and some other things, the timing of some of how our working capital involves. But our goal for the year is to exceed our net income.
Tim Wesley: Okay. Thanks guys. We will talk to you again at our second quarter. Oh, see you at the Investor Conference. Bye-bye. Thank you.
Ray Betler: Thank you, Tim. Good morning everyone. It’s good to talk to you today. After a year of transition in 2017, we’re off to a solid start here for the first quarter of 2018. And as expected, we’re seeing improvements in some of our core markets. We slightly exceeded our expectations for the quarter and affirmed our guidance for the year, which we hope will prove to be conservative. We saw year-on-year revenue growth in both of our segments for the second quarter in a row. Our backlog grew again and remains at a record high. A couple months ago on our fourth quarter call, we told you that our company was stronger and better positioned than it was a year ago. And we’re pleased to start demonstrating that with our performance in Q1. We expect to build on these first quarter accomplishments throughout 2018 based on our record in growing backlog, the improvements we’re seeing in our Freight aftermarket, our Wabtec Excellence Program, which gives us the ability to generate cash and continued to increase margins over time. So with that I am going to turn it over to Pat to go through the first quarter numbers.
Ray Betler: Thanks, Stéphane. I’ll conclude my prepared remarks by talking about our long-term growth opportunities. As you know, we completed our first strategic plan as an integrated company last year, and our five-year plan meets our long-term financial goals to average double-digit growth in revenues and earnings to the business cycle, while improving margins. To achieve these goals, we have growth initiatives in each of our major product lines, consistent with our four growth strategies. Five years from now, we expect to be a stronger, more global, more balanced, more profitable company. So just to reiterate some of my comments in the beginning of the call, we are off to a solid start in the first quarter of 2018. We slightly exceeded our guidance for the quarter and affirmed our guidance for the year, which we hope will prove to be conservative. We saw year-on-year revenue growth in both of our segments for the second quarter in a row. Our backlog grew again and remains at a record high. We expect to build on these first quarter accomplishments throughout 2018 based on our record in growing backlog, the improvements we’re seeing in our Freight aftermarket, our Wabtec Excellence Program, which gives us the ability to generate cash and continued to increase margins over time, we believe this is going to be a good year. With that, we will be happy to answer your questions. I’ll turn it over to Tim.
Ray Betler: Okay. Thanks. Yeah. We’ve talked off and on about the investments in the Freight market throughout last year and I’m happy to continue to do it. As you recall last year, last year, we invested in heat exchanger for the energy business, energy market, although in China, it was through our heat exchange business this year. We talked about last year and started this year our investment in our facility in Turkey to expand our presence in Turkey overall, but significantly to focus our Freight activities in Turkey. Turkey’s a large market. East Europe, it’s a large market. We have a facility in Macedonia, which we continue to upgrade, which will complement the facility in Turkey. One of the things that we did is with the unit track business which is one of our main infrastructure businesses. When we acquired that company, it had two new separate locations, and while they were a sort of a short distance apart, there were still two separate locations. They did not offer really efficient production capabilities. And so we invested in a brand-new facility. It’s in the same geographical location but a couple miles from the existing businesses and we’ve consolidated everything in one location, it’s all under roof, one of the two facilities that we acquired was, it’s close to the environment, which you can imagine in Tennessee, it’s a tough way to work in the summer. So we’ve completed that investment and won’t be able to improve our product offerings and productivity for infrastructure products. And we mentioned several times, the investments we continue to make in electronics, which are significant.
Ray Betler: So, I think that’s our feeling Sam, and we’re pretty encouraged by the improvement that we’ve seen in Freight and on the locomotive side, you know that there was an order lag for 200 cars earlier in the year. And that order was not expected to come that early. Certainly in 2018, we are aware of other orders that were in discussion in the industry. Freight car build is definitely tracking ahead of plan. cars and storage are coming down pretty dramatically, both on the locomotive side and the Freight car side, there is about a 10% improvement for instance since the end of December on the locomotive side and for railcars, about 50% since mid-year and last year. So I think, all in all, the market is headed in the right direction. We’re picking up business in the aftermarket and are encouraged by the OEM opportunities.
Ray Betler: So maybe, let me talk about the deadline for a minute. So people really can put it in context. So deadline for the end of 2018, it’s a mandate that people need to have their equipment completely installed and basically, beyond their test mode to qualify the equipment. Some people won’t be able to go into PTC operation across their entire network. Some people will need to extend to leverage the opportunity to extend from 2019 to 2020. Those extensions will be based on a specific case-by-case submittals, they have to be approved from the FRA. We’re meeting with the FRA on a regular basis to make sure that everybody is on the same wavelength in terms of information, and to optimize the rollout. So the fact of the matter is the market’s not going away. There is going to be business in 2018, 2019 and 2020 and as that PTC business continues, we’re going to build on that business to the enhancements we’ve talked about operational improvement, opportunities and two new product developments that ultimately for our product roadmap leads to autonomous operation.
Ray Betler: Yeah. I think it’s a combination of things. I think the Freight market in general that I just spoke of is certainly one big factor. But also the fact that we spent a lot of time and effort to integrate our business last year, and if we have done a lot of work to baseline of our projects, the backlogs we have in transit and the work that Stephane is doing to improve our overall performance on productivity across our organization, the opportunities that exist through the synergies that we’ve already completed and the ones that are still are not planned. And frankly, our position in the PTC, I mean, it’s a very good position that we’re in, and this is an important year for everyone and because of the closeness of our company with our customers and the regulatory authorities, I believe that that’s going to offer new opportunities for us.
Ray Betler: I can't really speculate on where it's headed, but I feel good about the market right now. We’re in regular touch with Freight car builders, both in terms of their domestic field as well as their international, a lot of these Freight car builders are expanding their operations overseas. And certainly, the aftermarket, you folks know the issues that exist right now, with congestion, sensitivities, each of their Class 1s have been calling to respond to service transportation board and velocities stands. So I think between the need for in terms of overall our performance and the need for equipment, it looks pretty good. So I guess, in turn, what this is, we’re cautiously optimistic about the market going forward.
Ray Betler: Yes. In one way or another we’re servicing all of the customers that we’ve delivered equipment in various ways. One is under MSAs, we’ve mentioned in the past that all the Class 1s are under MSAs. 100 or 200 national customers save a few community rail customers, and we continue to negotiate. There’s many customers, Scott, as you know, that have just recently entered into contracts with the OEM equipment. So those customers probably won’t come under MSA agreements for two to three maybe four years down the road. But we have a pretty significant portfolio now and we’re supporting either under MSAs on going medium, long term MSAs or just more normal aftermarket transactional business, all the customers that we’ve serviced so far. And in that portfolio there is 40 pus customers.
Ray Betler: It’s just the new orders, so if you include whatever we booked in Train Control. We don’t break it out.
Ray Betler: So, Matt, it does PTC and Train Control system projects are in about $75 million, if that’s what you’re asking.
Ray Betler: Yes, I think the OEM business will come later in the year, Matt. What we’re seeing right now that the OEM business from the improved OEM locomotive orders. On the OEM side for Freight, that business is relatively short-term, three to six months turnaround. So that business is coming now and part of the revenue stream that we are seeing now. But to give you an example, some of the types of businesses, and you have to remember in terms of capital budgets Class 1s have committed to basically hold flat their capital budgets year-on-year. So they’re putting more money into other parts of their systems because they don’t have to spend as much on PTC. Some of that is showing up in rolling stock, some of that is showing up in maintenance away, both of which we get. But on the aftermarket side, there’s customers have setup increased their overhaul programs for overhaul locomotives from one customer, I won’t name the customer, but from one program change from a request of 100 to 200 this year, overhauls, that’s – a lot of that is drop in business. For us, there’s another customer that’s converting DC to AC power for 100 locomotives. These are all business opportunities that are improving conditions over the last year.
Ray Betler: No, Michael, they’re very different. GE is definitely competitive in all Freight applications so markets around the world, they are the same, but they’re not competing for typical European, passenger locomotives, Siemens, Bombardier all some compete for that business. So their core business is really focused on same.
Ray Betler: It’s different. You’re familiar with the components that we sell for Freight here, the compressor, the brake systems, electronics, heat exchangers, I’ll let Stephane talk about the European locomotive dealers.
Ray Betler: Yes, so we try to stay pretty close with that customers. I’m trying to understand their business for them and opportunities, certainly we want to get to a point where they have orders in their own order forecast. We’re trying to position ourselves to work with them as a partner, not just as a supplier. So that’s the – in the case of Transit, I mean, we work with customers two, three years ahead of the actual award of the contracts. So there’s long-term ongoing relationship with the freight car builders and the locomotive builders that facilitates that on the freight side also. So yes, we’re involved with our customers early on, and basically trying to work with them more in the partnership to integrate our equipment into their designs and their platforms.
Ray Betler: So I think, on the commuter side, again, we’re in a soul source position, but what we’ve been able to do is improve our overall product offerings and capability to be able to participate at a turnkey level as a prime or as a sub-deal of prime. So we’re not only able to deliver the onboard PTC, we’re delivering a lot of subsystems and, in some cases, the entire project management and integrated system. So you have places like Greenfields, like TEX Rail as an example, what we’re participating in that position that we’re delivering the overall signaling system. And then separately, we have a contract to deliver to PTC. So we’re, I think, in a pretty good position in that market. There’s not a lot of people that are doing that, but, I think, we have the majority of those share.
Pat Dugan: Sam, I guess we don’t want to carve out a whole lot of the data on the specific investment programs. I can tell you that all these investments are definitely in our guidance. I would say that you kind of look at our overall spending for R&D and other operating type expenses in these developments are somewhat consistent with what we’ve spent in prior years. You can clearly see a little bit of additional CapEx versus a normal year in our numbers, but what really –what really comes to light and it becomes visible as you can see it impacting our segment operating percentage from time-to-time based on the timing of those expenses and how they’re going to hit. We always look at these initiatives and expect to have them pay for themselves, and a fairly short or not even within the year.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I think you can see that the margins will get to kind of a more typical for the full year. You definitely have an impact of this, have some spending here, and some other costs that are being realized in that segment. But I think to answer your question, the best way to look at it and model this would be the recovery to a more typical Freight margin, which is a little bit higher for the full year. We continue to be focused on these – on the margin for these businesses, and it’s a big part of the overall EBIT expansion that we talk about through the rest of the year. We have programs in place to continue to improve, and I think that you’ll see that as a way to look at it on a full year basis.
Pat Dugan: We talked about in the prepared remarks, which is that we were on our plan that we built into our plan additional savings and synergies that we’re realizing. I think in terms of any kind of topline synergies, you’re really seeing it manifest itself in the backlog improvement that we get quarter-to-quarter. Clearly, the Faiveley integration is a big effort by our management team. We feel really good about it. It’s been successful. Ray talked about it earlier, and we really see that we have a long-term vision of this to continue to evolve and resulting in improved results.
Pat Dugan: I don’t know that I’ve said anything about quarterly guidance in terms of EPS. But at this point, it’s really kind of – it will be very difficult for me to really break it out by quarter what we think is going to happen. We’re going to stick to a full year guidance in terms of EPS.
Pat Dugan: Yes, we haven’t given that number. I think, you kind of look at it as the adjustments occurred in the fourth quarter, and we called those out, but clearly it creates a very low margin revenue stream that goes into a portion of 2018. So that does affect our operating income a little bit percentage income. Yes, as Tim pointed, it’s reminding me, it’s all being contemplated in our guidance for full year.
Pat Dugan: I don’t think so. Clearly, last year, with the acquisition, we became more international, more Transit and really created some challenges in the last year’s performance. But what you’ve seen now was three quarters in a row where we continue to improve. We’re very, very – we feel very good about our quarter-over-quarter cash from operations in performance, and we want to see that continue. Our goal remains the same, as I said, we haven’t changed our goal. That’s what we’re planning to do. It’s that of our cash from operations exceeded net income.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean, we don’t unusually forecast FX. But I think if you just kind of look at the FX rates, obviously it’s – to the extent that you see them remain consistent, that’s the kind of impact you’ll see in consolidation.
Pat Dugan: We’re definitely saying an impact, but it’s – so far, it’s been relatively small, minor impact to our earnings. What we do is, we get in with our contracts it the opportunity to reprice or apply an escalation to really offset those impacts to us.
Pat Dugan: Well, when you just look at the absolute dollars on the balance sheet, you have to factor in the – some of the impact of FX, especially, when you look at prior quarter, but all in all, it’s really related to the higher sales and the timing of how the sales hit in the quarter. So as we’re growing, we’re going to have to see some receivable growth and some inventory growth and some payable growth to offset that.
Pat Dugan: Yes. So we study it, and obviously, some more information will come later when we get into Q file. But what we’ve seen is that our material cost as a percentage of sales have not changed, and we’ve also measured the kind of on the outside through our sourcing team and a little bit that is impacting us, it’s definitely immaterial. It’s just not a big number. But what we think and expect to happen is that, similar to other years where we’ve had raising material cost due to commodities, that the programs and the protections that we have in place will continue to operate well. We have – obviously, we can reprice some of our shorter-term orders that come into our backlog in our shorter-term into sense that you when the order and deliver. The pricing can be adjusted to accommodate that. We have surcharge programs in for longer-term agreements with our customers, and finally, we have escalations provisions in our long-term Transit projects. So all these things are in place to protect us from the impact of any kind of commodities like.
Pat Dugan: So when we look at our SG&A I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about a run rate of $140 million to $145 million. It’s higher from a quarter a year ago because of acquisition, because of the FX impact on our – especially our European operations, and we definitely have some discrete items that were lower a year ago and some discrete items that came in as especially on the professional fee area related to some cost we incurred in the Tax Reform Act bill that was passed. So all in all, I think, you definitely see a big – an increase compared to 2017 first quarter, both when we look and study it on a run-rate basis, we’re probably in that – we feel very good about that $140 million to $145 million as a go forward.
Pat Dugan: Sure. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Tim Wesley for any closing remarks.
