Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Pat. Once again, we had a good operating performance in the third quarter, and we're pleased with our margin performance. We continue to face challenging market conditions. So, we updated our financial guidance for the year of EPS now expected to be between $4.00 and $4.04, and revenue is expected to be down about 12%. In this environment, we will stay focused on what we can control, managing our cost and generating cash. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see, especially with the expected closing of the Faiveley Transport acquisition. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that if you looked at traditional aftermarket, I think you're probably correct, Kristine. I think that the volumes kind of have bottomed out and you're seeing some improvement. But I remind you that the PTC sales that we had were in the aftermarket, which kind of caused us a little variation there for us. And those particular aftermarket sales are off. I think for the quarter, we're down to like $55 million in absolute PTC sales, and if you look at year-to-date, that puts us at around $200 million. Our forecast for the year, we talked about PTC and related signaling business being off about 25%. So, I think that's why we're seeing a little more pressure on the aftermarket than you would expect from the statistics that we all see.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I think as we go into 2017 and 2018, we expect that the spending will increase in that area. Give you an idea what work needs to be done, the last report we saw, it said only 30-some percent – 34% of the freight locomotives were fully equipped. In the Transit, it's less than that, like 29%. Training is only 40%. Radio and tires and signals are a higher percentage, but there's still a lot of work to be done. The spend so far is about $6 billion and the Class 1s had expected to spend near $10 billion. So, there's still a lot of work to be done. And as that work continues, we expect our revenues to come back. In transit, there's even less work than accomplished. It's only about one-third of spend they estimate to be at $3.5 billion. So, I think a lot of people took a look at – had the chance to reassess their deployment of their capital and where and what needed to be done. And I think that, all in all, we should see that grow as we go forward. I think it will be a positive thing for us in 2017 and 2018.
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't have that in my – I don't have it available right now. We could get that for you. Maybe, Ray, do you have...
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. In absolute numbers, I do have the numbers. If you look at PTC, I think it went down close to $30 million quarter-on-quarter, and the aftermarket went down $50 million. So, that would give you a little bit of the idea of the absolute numbers.
Albert J. Neupaver: The lower guidance, I think if you take a look at what we actually had in the second quarter as far as performance, and then we took a look at what we think we could do in the fourth quarter, obviously we're going to have an improvement in the fourth quarter. There is seasonality in the third quarter that I think a lot of people really didn't account for. And when you look at our guidance, the things that I think are causing us concerns is obviously the freight car build continues to decline, as does the locomotive from our original assumptions. We're still unable to really predict when the PTC spending will be reversed. And that's been the hardest thing for us to try to estimate going forward is what that spend is going to be in that particular area. We've also continued to have FX headwind that we're working toward. And I think that we have stated and we just discussed that volume has somewhat leveled off. But you add all those factors together and you realize it's a very challenging marketplace, at least for the next quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. The 25% is PTC plus related signaling, okay. It's not just PTC, all right. So, if you look, yeah, I think that's the big difference. So we do expect some signaling business to pick up in the fourth quarter. There are some projects that should allow us to pick up business there. As far as the PTC revenue itself, I don't think we're anticipating there's going to be any major change. It's really going to be in the signaling and the related equipment.
Albert J. Neupaver: And so, that's why we started talking about it. It's become a major portion of our business and will continue to grow. And a lot of the things that are involved with that is signaling design that's related to PTC. There is also related projects in transit. You also see a lot of work in that particular, where train control, design, systems and implementation and construction. Those are some of the auxiliary businesses that we were able to acquire over the last couple years that really adds to our total signaling business.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Let's start at the top. I mean, the original deal was set to expire later this week. So, we elected to put in place in an extension that allows us a little additional time to complete some various pre-closing requirements. As we said in the release, right now, we expect the acquisition to close in November. The deal that we struck reflects the reality of the economics of the original transaction have changed, and with the Faiveley family receiving less value due to the decrease in our stock price. So, we negotiated the original deal. And in the modified deal, we addressed as many issues as we can that come up over a long period of time. I mean, this has been 18 months since we struck the deal. And one of the things that was important to us is to simplify the mechanics of the transaction by eliminating the preferred stock, and therefore a preferred dividend. What we've tried to do, and I think we said this in the text, was we tried to get a fair, balanced approach to what the deal was and what the deal is. And I think if you look at decreasing stock and the FX changes, there was probably $60 million to $70 million difference in the actual purchase price, and we negotiated something that we feel is fair for the Faiveley as well as the Wabtec team and simplified the deal as best we can. And it was about a 50-50 type approach on the actual value numbers.
Albert J. Neupaver: We could tell you there's nothing in the guidance related to the Faiveley cost or revenue or profit. We will not be able to give you total color until about five days in advance, and that's when they have to notify us what percentage they want between the 25% and 45% cash. At that point, when we do close, our intent is to have a conference call and we would, at that point, try to provide color for the rest of the quarter, and some future-looking reviews. We won't provide guidance of 2017, but we'll definitely give you some directional stuff.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's hard to predict right now for us. The visibility is not very good, and that's one of the reasons why we've really struggled the last two quarters in trying to get a forecast out there. Projects keep getting pushed out, whether they're transit PTC-related projects or just the spend by the Class 1s. We know what needs done to complete the implementation. We also know what other enhancements we're going to be able to provide. We do have good visibility on the technical support and MSAs. As Ray said, the service agreements, we have a couple of them signed, and we're working on some others that will give us a lot more certainty on what the forecast and our revenue is. But right now, it has been difficult. I think that it should clear up later in the year, early next year, and we should have a pretty good estimate going forward. But right now, it's hard to predict quarter-to-quarter because of project delays and the spending is just not being done in this particular area.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I'll take the first one and Pat could take the second one. As we said in the text, as we've gone through this process over the 18th month, we've been nothing but happy with what we're seeing. We're very pleased with their progress and we're excited about the opportunities and, hopefully, we could provide a lot more color about that when we have our call after the close.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. The PTC sales were about $55 million and the total train control, including the signaling, was about $80 million. So you had about, what is that, $25 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. In Q3. As far as the margin, there's some of the businesses similar to the PTC. When you get into some of the construction business, it's less than the PTC average.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the only thing is, is when we close in November, there's a lot of expenses related to that, success fees, banker fees, financing fees and everything else. So, we'll have a lot of moving parts when we get to talk to you.
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't know. Yeah. If you look at it today and with banker fees and the investment banking fees, yeah, it will be larger.
Albert J. Neupaver: If you look at what we've been able to do today and the drastic changes, next year, as we see it, there should be some benefits of that restructuring and cost-cutting actions. I think that we've been able to improve. I think Ray mentioned this in his talk, we actually improved our Transit margins nicely throughout the year. And I think by doing that, we've offset the mix effect of a lower-margin business. So, I think that we should be able to continue that trend into the future. And you're right. I mean, there are some negatives that will continue into next year, and that's the car build and possibly the locomotive build. The actual traffic will have a big dependence on what happens with the economy. But I think some of the projects, our strategic plan, execution, there's a lot more positives than negatives.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think if the traffic flattens out, it could be there or a little less. If the traffic continues to drop, then I think you know what direction it will go.
Raymond T. Betler: So, just to talk about it in terms of scope and services. So outside of train control area, our aftermarket obviously addresses the services business which, as Kristine pointed out, looks like maybe it bottomed out and is starting to come up with rail traffic in some areas, like grain picking up. But heavy haul commodities, like coal and things like that, we don't expect to recover, at least not significantly. That's a big aftermarket revenue generator for us. So, it's a mixed bag in the traditional service area as a result of traffic. We do have overhaul business in the aftermarket area. Some overhauls might have been canceled or delayed, and we're starting to see some come back now in the market for bid. So, I think, in 2017 and 2018, there may be some after haul opportunities associated with locomotives that we'll be able to hopefully bid and capture. That type of business is also mixed in our aftermarket area. Obviously, friction is a big area for us. We're not seeing a lot of improvement in the friction area at this time. So, it's really a mixed bag.
Raymond T. Betler: Again, it's a mixed bag, Allison. In some countries, there's good opportunities, like India as you know, we won a large order for freight locomotives in India. We're in the process of localizing that work. We're investing in facilities there and we're building our resources and project team there. So, that's a very positive market for us. We're seeing some improvement in Australia. We still are delivering locomotive and freight industry equipment in South Africa. Brazil is slow but we do have an order for new bogie brake mounted equipment in Brazil. In Russia, they've announced that they want to retire all freight vehicles that are 30 years old or more, which is a positive sign for us. So, it's not – I wouldn't call it robust, the international opportunities, but there are some positive international opportunities that we're engaged in.
Raymond T. Betler: So on the Transit side, we have a record backlog in Transit, Jason. And on the Transit side, we've won major order in North America this year. We continue to pick up small orders around the world. We have very strong business in Fandstan, that's power collection, mainly. We're getting ready to bid on the next two large orders in the North American market, the largest of which will be the next order in New York City. So, on the transit side, it's very positive. We just won a large overhaul order, another one in the UK. We have a very good market share in the UK Transit side, on the overhaul business. So, both on the OEM, in the overhaul side, transit's a very positive trend for us.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. I think as far as the penalties, they haven't been explicitly defined by the government. I mean, if you – there was a deadline in 2015 and the penalties from that were an extension to 2018. So, I can't predict what the government position will be when that time comes. But what I can tell you is that our customers are working hard to implement. I recently visited UP. I'm heavily engaged with all of our Class 1 railroads, and they're working hard on the implementation, as Al said, they have cut back significantly their CapEx. They're trying to balance their pros and cons in terms of expenditures and value, just like we are in a tough market.
Raymond T. Betler: So, again, it's a mixed bag, Jason. The oil and gas hasn't improved, as you know, but we do have some other business. We have business associated with power generation and power distribution. We're building a plant in China, we spoke about that before, to deliver new equipment in the power generation area, that's thermal equipment. We have a nice array of business in areas like porch for railing systems, festoon systems with Fandstan. We have some commodity business that generates from things like our rubber business. So, it's again, I would say, it's not robust and there are certainly pressures on the oil and gas side that haven't recovered, but we do have some positive movement in the industrial side.
Raymond T. Betler: So, Justin, I would tell you this, the length of the agreements vary three to five years. That's about the timeframe that we're negotiating. The agreements are coming in from the Class 1s, as well as, I think we mentioned MRS in the past. So, we're in a process of negotiating with all the Class 1 railroads. We've closed a couple. I don't want to mention them by name, but we believe that by the end of this year, we'll have closed the ones for North America – or for the U.S. I'm not so sure about the Canadians, but at least for the Class 1s in the U.S.
Raymond T. Betler: So, Matt, it's a combination of a lot of incremental things. So, we're continuing to address the cost side for sure, both in discretionary costs area as well as head count. We have a forecasting process in place that we're reviewing our forecast on a weekly basis. We have some improvement on the revenue side that we're anticipating that is obviously going to bring additional EBIT. So, it's a combination of a lot of incremental things. There's no one big step change third to fourth quarter.
Raymond T. Betler: There's a lot of small and weak suppliers that are falling out, that's for sure. I don't think we're going to see any major consolidation, though, in the market, Liam.
Raymond T. Betler: I think we need to do both organic development and acquisitions. You're talking about a $12 billion market-plus, and the opportunities are pretty broad if you look across a total signaling market worldwide, and are broad in terms of your definition, then you're talking about a $22 billion market across ERTMS, the European train management system, traditional mass transit signaling system, things like that. So, we're trying to locate niche opportunities. We're trying to leverage our capabilities that exist now. For instance, some of that non-PTC related revenue Al talked about is in the control systems area, where we could expand our central control and office products. We could expand our diagnostics. We have a data analytics system called Wabtec-1 that we're putting in place. We are looking at improving the vitality of our systems, so going from non-vital to vital systems. So, there's a lot of areas that we can continue extensions of our existing technology, and then acquire businesses. But you kind of have two choices in the signaling area, either you go big bang and you acquire a billion-dollar signaling organization, it is full-fledged signaling across all market areas; or you do it in small incremental steps. And we kind of are pursuing the latter.
Raymond T. Betler: I think in terms of storage, it's up around 25%, Steve. As far as in or out, there's some pickup in mainly the area of grain. It's going to be a record year for grain, so there is some pickup there. But I don't think – it's certainly not a dramatic change at this point. We're not seeing any dramatic change. I think it's trending in a positive direction and hopefully we hit the low point in terms of traffic, but it's not dramatic change.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. We're hopeful that one of two things will happen if they don't build new, that some of the overhaul projects that were identified and delayed will come back. That's a very positive opportunity and frankly, more of a short-term opportunity than the OEM.
Patrick D. Dugan: Right. So we modeled this a couple different ways. I mean, the Faiveley family – read the press release there – has some options and can elect a range of cash versus stock. So, if you just assume the most conservative view, that they take the most cash that they can, we'll have a leverage ratio that will be approaching 3 times, which is a little bit higher than what we had originally said, but well within a comfort range that I think makes sense, especially considering the aggressive and important deleveraging program that we'll have as we get the companies combined, drive the results of the two companies and generate cash.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. I think in terms of run rate, I think about $75 million would be the right number there. There are definitely some items that are in there that are discrete, that were to our favor, but $70 million to $75 million is probably the right number going forward.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah, next year, we're going to have to re-baseline with the Faiveley acquisition, but our portion of that, I guess, would be that would be the run rate.
