Patrick D. Dugan: All right. Well, thank you, and I’m happy to speak to these numbers, and I appreciate the opportunity. Sales for the fourth quarter were a record $682 million, which is 12% higher than last year. Of this increase, a little more than half was from organic growth. In the Freight segment, the sales increased 14%. A portion of that is due to acquisitions and our organic growth is from – increases in our Electronics business and from the freight car companies that supply the freight car build. Transit segment sales also increased 9% and that really is spread across a number of different product lines and different business units. For 2014, we expect to see revenues increase in book of our operating segments, so we’re expecting that to continue. Operating income for the quarter was a record $111 million, which is about 16.3% of sales. As Al discussed earlier, in this quarter we did record some pretax charges of about $3.8 million, which is spread between our cost of goods sold and our SG&A, and that’s really primarily for restructuring actions and we point these out simply, because as you are aware of those larger items. For the full-year of 2013, our operating margin was 17% that is a 60 base improvement better than – basis point improvement from last year. Interest and other, our interest expense for the quarter was $4.6 million, that’s slightly higher compared to a year ago, that’s really the result of some additional average outstanding borrowings and those additional borrowings were caused by the timing of our acquisitions and the money that we used to complete those transactions. Other income is about $915,000 and that really stems from some accounting that we did at year end related to various joint ventures. Our tax rate for the quarter was 31.2% last year, it was 33.3%. And we expect our annual rate going forward to be roughly 31.5%, although we expect individual quarters to have some variability simply due to the timing of certain discrete tax items. When you look at our balance sheet, our working capital has improved slightly despite our higher sales. Our year-end accounts receivables were $555 million, inventories were $403 million, and payables were $327 million. Just something to point out is our business has become more global and we expand our sales and our sourcing programs into various countries that does affect our working capital requirements. Even so we expect that we have plenty of opportunity to continue to reduce our working capital. Cash at year end was $286 million that’s mostly outside of the United States and if you compare that to September 30, September 30 balance was $281 million. Our debt at year end was $451 million, when you compare that to the third quarter which was $540 million. And our cash from operations on a cash flow, we generated $236 million for the year which is about the same as last year. I’ll point out that is the third year in a row that we’ve generated more than $230 million in cash from operations. A good performance, we’re happy with that, but hope to continue to have improvement in that area end into 2014. Just a couple of miscellaneous items that we always get questions on our earnings calls. I just wanted to point out, our depreciation expense for the quarter was $9 million, compared to $7.6 million in last year’s quarter. A slight increase really related to the acquisitions that we completed in the year. Amortization expense is $5 million which is flat with both quarters and our CapEx for the quarter was $17.6 million versus $11.3 million. For the year CapEx expenditures were $41 million versus $36 million, and in 2014, we expect to spend about $50 million including the Fandstan acquisition. Some information on our backlog, we ended the year with a record year end high of $1.7 billion in backlog that’s higher than September 30 and about 2% higher than a year ago. You can split that backlog between transit and freight as $1.2 billion for transit and $512 million for freight. When you look at our rolling 12 months backlog, which is a subset of the total backlog, the 12 month backlog is $1.1 billion which is also higher than September 30th. The transit portion of that $1.1 billion is $651 million and freight $447 million. I just want to point out that those figures do not include about $250 million of contract options. We don’t count them in our backlog until the customer exercises those options. So with that, I’ll now turn it back over to Al.
Patrick D. Dugan: Not at this point, we continued to work with two different groups right now, we’re working hard to try to get a formal arrangement and create say a nice long-term opportunity, we’re obviously very cautious in entering any new market. And Russia is one of those that we’re taking our time and making sure that we don’t get too far ahead of ourselves without understanding the market. So nothing to report, but I think in the near-term, we should be able to give you more information.
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, let’s first, let’s start out by every time you improve on margins, the next increment is more difficult, okay.Art W. Hatfield – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right.
Patrick D. Dugan: There is just no question about it. As we look at 2014, we have a goal and our plan we will improve margins. And those margins improvement will come from all the things we’ve ever done in the past. And we will continue to drive those. If you look at the headwinds, I’ll try to explain them again. I think part of it is that you have a large acquisition that won’t be – that will be a headwind, okay, and I think I talked about it there even with their margins, but we’ve got integration expenses and we get this purchase price accounting. How that works is that all the profits that’s inside the – whether it’s in the backlog or in inventory has to flow out. And then you have an ongoing amortization of your goodwill. So there is an impact from those as it flows out on the large acquisition like it is and then you add in the integration cost. As far as other headwinds, there that’s probably the biggest one. I think you are going to see us improve our costs related to sourcing, we’re going to improve our costs related to our efficiency and productivity in the plants. We’re going to grow our aftermarket business, which is going to help. We’ve got internal growth that we’ll be kicking in. But we also and I want to tell you that it’s not a headwind, but it’s a reality. We do invest in internal growth, and if we want to take advantage of a market in China, if we want to take advantage of a market in Russia, if we want to take advantage in these markets, we fund it as we go, okay.  We are funding straight out of the profit, so those costs are impacted, and it’s hard for us to try to explain to you when those costs will hit, know how much they will be in any given quarter, let alone a year. So we do the best we can in the planning process to identify those costs, and that’s where our guidance is. But I think that I don’t know my number show a pretty nice, it shows improvement in the margin even with the things I talked about. I don’t know if my math was off, sometimes it is.
Patrick D. Dugan: I can tell you 15% and maybe my interest expense is too high, and how I calculate it for the acquisitions. But I’m getting a flat margin year-over-year, so maybe we need – I need to take this offline either.
Patrick D. Dugan: No, nothing will be different than what Alvaro said in the past. I mean we’re committed to maintaining our credit ratings and we have the constant communication with the rating agencies, and so they’re aware of our acquisition profile and our plans on growth expectations. So we’ll continue to execute as we always have.Scott H. Group – Wolfe Research, LLC: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Patrick D. Dugan: We’ll have short-term expense amortization cost related to step-up and backlog value and inventory value. We estimate that to be in the $5 million range, but we expect that also to change because that’s we have to get in to some of the integration process and really make sure we understand and account for that properly. There also be some additional long-term amortization expense related to other intangibles and all those things are being worked on and we expect to finalize as we go through 2014.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes, I have it. So for the year the freight breakdown was 49 OEM, 51 aftermarket, and transit, the breakdown was 36 OEMs, 64 aftermarket.
Patrick D. Dugan: Great. You are right, we do you see sometimes the agencies will make awards, but that doesn’t mean we’ve actually signed contracts, and that’s pretty typical on transit that there can’t be a lag between when they may make a contract awards and when we make science.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks a lot, Pat and before I summarize I just like to take this opportunity especially to this group of people that know Alvaro. I just want to personally thank him for his tremendous contributions over the eight years that I’d been here and longer than that he is really been here since about 1995 when his company was acquired by Wabtec. And he truly was a major contributor and probably most importantly was a tremendous business partner and was definitely good, contributed to our success. And I am very happy to say that he will continue in an advisory capacity and working with us into the future. So thanks ever so much for your years of service, Alvaro, and our continued friendship. In summary, once again we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Let’s take one final look at 2013 and then I would like to, I know in the company we’re focused on 2014 and moving forward. Our revenues increased 7% to a record $2.57. Income from operations increased 12% to a record $437 million. EPS increased 16% to a record $3.01 and our backlog ended the year at a new record $1.7 billion quite an accomplishment for 2013. Now, looking ahead into 2014, we are anticipating another record year with an EPS guidance of about $3.45 on a revenue growth of about 15%. We couldn’t be more pleased with our strategic progress in the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model in the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that we’d be more than happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Sure, sure if you look at the 15% growth, which are going to have is the Fandstan acquisition will make up about, say that contributes 50%. And if you look at the other 50% half of that will be acquisitions that were closed in 2013 and the other half internal growth. So what is that mean that means that will probably end up with mid single-digit internal growth for the year and that’s really inline with our long-term strategic plan.
Albert J. Neupaver: One other thing, I’ve got to answer your second part Allison and I apologize, the second part of your question…
Albert J. Neupaver: The second part of that question, it’s really going to be split probably right down the middle, we are going to get half in freight and half in transit.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that what we have seen over the last two years, and what we are seeing right now, we’ll continue to see in the future is, there is just an assumption that it is accepted across the industry, that the funding will be there it may not go up, but the $10 billion that is allocated to transit across the U.S. will be there Ray, I don’t know if you want to add any color to that.
Albert J. Neupaver: When you look at contribution margin, we’ve openly discussed that we feel that a good number for us would be 25% contribution margin on incremental revenue and we have had some great success this year. I think if you look at the year – total year it was at 25%, obviously less than the fourth quarter, but some of that you talk about the – what impacts that, okay there is a number of things. Number one is a continuous drive to improve margins through our Wabtec Performance System and we target improvements in our plan and we expect people to deliver on that. You mentioned the second aspects and that’s our transit margins are generally lower than our freight margins. So that mix has an impact. The other positive impact that we’ve had in, if you look at 2013 our aftermarket business grew very nicely and that is typically a good margin business. The other thing it impacts margins is quarter-to-quarter. We talk about all this internal growth and it’s our number one target for what we do with cash generation. This internal growth doesn’t always show up that we – in a way that we discuss it because it’s cost that we incur in order to develop the market certification cost in Russia, establishing our marketing organization in Europe, building our platforms in South America, all these costs sometimes flow differently to the P&L throughout the year. So that has an impact. We’re very pleased on how we did perform in 2013, if we take a look at 2014 and how our plan rolls out, the internal growth will be the most profitable growth. We will have expenses associated with trying to grow our business in each of those strategic initiatives, so that will have an impact. We feel that there will be an impact, when I talked about the mix of being 50% freight and transit, the absolute number, the percentage growth will be about the same. But freights are bigger portion of our business so from an absolute standpoint that should have somewhat of a positive impact. So that mix will have that impact. And we’re very conscious about continuously improving those margins over time, if you look at the Fandstan acquisition, as I stated their margins are right around or slightly lower than our transit margin. So that will have an impact, in addition to that we have integration costs that were impacted.  We also have the PPA that will impact that PPA being the purchase price accounting. So those are some headwinds that we must try to overcome, but we still think that we should see good margin growth, as we go through the year in 2014.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I don’t believe that anyone has ever just step back and hopeful that there is going to be an extension, so they won’t do. I think the Class I railroads that have been feverishly working to try to get this project implemented. And the transit authorities as well, some of the problems with the transit authorities I think are really related to funding. And what you’re seeing, we’re not seeing any let up whatsoever, we still see a lot of projects that we’re working on. We hope that we’re in a position that we could announce a few of these in the near-term, but there is tremendous amount of activity going on. And I think the biggest effort that you’ll see in 2014 is that almost all the railroads the Class I railroads will be shifting from laboratory testing to field testing. And you will even see some of the Class I will be going into probably, almost the approval stage for the product safety plan as well. And you have some of the transit authorities like Metrolinx that is really looking at trying to put this in revenue service in the short-term, so you’ve got a tremendous amount of activity that’s going on, it’s a very complex project, it’s a very costly project for those involved. But I do not see anyone taking the foot of the pedal.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, look, I could come up with a small improvement to, I guess is what I ‘m trying to figure out as you for the last several years, you’ve been able to grow margin, close to a 100 basis points on average a year. And I guess is, what I’m hearing from you in your explanation is that, if you didn’t have some of these internal investments, if you didn’t have Fandstan as a headwind, that kind of growth is still the ballpark, where the company should be. And what I’m trying to gather from all this is if that is reality and maybe I’m looking at it differently for 2014, or if there is a new reality given the size of the company as you said, each incremental margin point gets more difficult to obtain if we’re getting to a level there where we should think inherently about that type of growth, that margin improvement in the company to a lower level going forward as we have in the past.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think we have the opportunity for good margin improvement going forward.Art W. Hatfield – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver: It’s a timing issue Sam, your number was right. So it could catch on your part, but it’s not that this is lost business or anything, it really comes down to a timing issue, we expected a little more hardware being delivered in the fourth quarter and a lot of that has been put off. So on these projects the other thing it happens on large projects we had anticipated some revenue recognition potentials by meeting milestones on our MRS project, and those milestones really we’re not met and moved into first quarter of 2014. So those two impacts brought us down a little bit, but its not, I think it’s just a timing situation and, okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, let’s deal with the first question and that question is do we expect the mix between transit and freight to continue? In 2014, yes, we’re going to see an equipment growth, so the percentage breakdown of those two businesses should be about the same when you look at the annual percentage not necessarily fourth quarter or the third or second. Just take the annual percentage of freight and transit and you will see about that mix in 2014. What’s driving freight I think if you take a look at freight and you compare it to the fourth quarter of last year, there is a gain obviously coming from the rail build. I think that fourth quarter last year deliveries were probably around 11 or 12, this year we’re up around almost 16, so you have some growth there. The other thing that we’ve seen that we really didn’t think we would see, we saw some locomotive business that had picked up. We also had a few large contracts that came to an end in the fourth quarter. The other thing it happened is that the acquisition amount in the fourth quarter was a lot of the freight was from acquisitions. If you look at the 2012 to 2013 in the fourth quarter, about $40 plus million, $47 million was freight and $33 million of that $47 million was acquisitions, maybe along within Turbonetics all ended up in the freight, third and fourth quarter, the whole growth was freight, very little growth from transit and that was about 17% – $17 million of that $49 million, $50 million was acquisitions of 30%. I think the one thing that is good and we’re looking at third to fourth and if you look at the fourth quarter 2012 to 2013 is that in both cases, most of that growth was internal growth, where we had not seen that in the previous quarter. So that’s a real plus, I think that our internal engine is starting to pick up, and that’s what drove some of that business in.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. What we’re doing there is two things that two primarily things, one is we announced in the late last year that we were going to relocate most of the manufacturing for one of our transit lines from a plant in California to our plant down in San Luis Potosi in Mexico. This should have a very positive impact going from a high class platform, a high real estate area to an already existing infrastructure in a low cost labor platform. So we should see good margin improvement based on that. The other thing is as I mentioned, we finished some large orders especially in the locomotive area and with the completion of some of those orders we needed to restructure our business and their severance cost related to that.  So that is not so much an improvement as right – putting the right level of cost in with the business, but there is a bit of restructuring that’s related to that. Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: On the purchase accounting, we estimated and then Pat wanted to explain the process and then when we understand we could maybe give you more color, okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: It’s something that really you could probably going to see more and more and that’s taking some of the older locomotives and getting it upgraded to tier 4 capabilities. I think this might be the first tier 4 re-powered locomotives delivered. We hope to see that as a business opportunity going forward. Ray, you might want to expand because I know you are close to that project.
Albert J. Neupaver: Generally, yes our aftermarket business usually get better margins as many companies. I think the service part of it is less than the parts, but both when you average them together, we have better margins in our aftermarket business, but service is less than parts.Liam D. Burke – Janney Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Albert J. Neupaver: We feel that will be in good position to have that system, totally operating, no later than the first quarter of 2015, most of it should be running later this year, because of the pullback in China for some of the mining demands, resources. I think the option that we’ve talked about will be delayed. I think I was work another $80 million near. So…
Albert J. Neupaver: No, no I think that we have every indication that they are getting the, advantages that they had anticipated in the benefits that they had planned for out of the system and I think is the system becomes fully operable, it will even be better.
Albert J. Neupaver: We still see a lot of interest as well as implementation of ECP trains throughout the world, Australia, Brazil lot of pilots running and South Africa as far as the U.S. we have seen little or no interest at this point, I think they are preoccupied but a lot of other things, I think ECP get mentioned sometime and you talk about what could happen if you had an electrified train a line that ran through the train, could it help somewhat, when you look at safety and hand brakes and another things, but there is a lot going on in that area.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we’re working with all the transit authorities, which you did see was related to the New York metropolitan transit authority. There was a contract that was announced that Bombardier and Siemens would upgrade the access system. That’s a different system that’s used in the Northeast Corridor that is not the type of system that we sell for the freight lines as well as the transit lines that use commuter rails. This system is a system that requires that they announced was electrified system that is upgrading the current system. I think the system was originally installed. Boston was the designer of the original system, and I think this is just upgraded to make sure that it fully is positive train control on all segments at the rail road. So it’s a different product and different application market.
Albert J. Neupaver: We talked a little bit about how we’re going to finance this and it’s still, we’re still assessing the most optimal and efficient way to do it, so we’re thinking that it’s going to be a combination of the cash available on hand in Europe and financing from our existing revolver and we’re thinking 40% to 50% will be using cash we have available.Ken R. Zener – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, thanks Al. I agree with Allison, its there is some momentum associated with the transit industry, because of the long-term nature of a contracts, it takes multiple years to get them funded, multiple years in the bid process and then once they are funded, they last three to five years, followed by the aftermarket opportunities. So there is plenty of momentum in the transit market and there is no indication in the government side, that it’s not going support transit. So we’ve seen a lot of new contracts come in, we’re in the bid process for some pretty big one. So I feel pretty confident.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, you should talk to Tim that we are able to at least, if there is something wrong with your model, but again, we can’t provide anymore than we have legitimately. So if there is a question, we actually, I believe the numbers show an improvement in margin.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, the use of cash will continue. Number one priority will be internal development, number two will be acquisitions and we will not slowdown. Number three is stock buyback and dividends that we’ve increased the dividend three years in a row. Our stock buyback was taken, we had used up a good portion almost more than half of 150 we will back up to 200 to give us that flexibility. So those are the ones. As far as the financing of Fandstan, obviously we haven’t closed the deal, but maybe Pat, you could give some color on what we think we’re going to do.
Raymond T. Betler: Okay, Fandstan, let me explain the business a little bit and then will help you understand. The business was privately held. It was held by Laurd and Lady Tanla was their names and they had it in their names a trust and they hired an individual by the name of Michael Bosserman, who was our Managing Director that ran the business. He ran it out of London and what you had is a lot of separate businesses that are located, you got a manufacturing in Germany, you got manufacturing in the Netherlands, you got manufacturing in the UK, you got some manufacturing in China, Australia, the U.S., sales offices throughout the world. They build a nice business over the years really focusing on high-tech products, almost 60% of it going into the rail business and about 40% into industrial businesses. Their technology is really the ability to take and transfer energy from one position to another, and that’s what mainly their reason for existence was electrical current, data collection, and distribution solutions. So it’s a great basic business that was run as just kind of a many Wabtec in a sense with divisions out there. What we need to do is, we need to take a look to understand the business and find ways to integrate that business into our business model. There is a lot of opportunities to – in order to do that. We think it will take sometime. We think by the end of 2014 most of that integration will be complete. Most of the opportunity that we see in the business is just not a fixture of business. Just keep in mind that their business goals and objectives was based on a family business and not a public business. That is the culture that you need to transform. This is not a problematic business, it’s a good business, sound business, that if we apply our Wabtec performances, we apply our international platform. If you look at it as 30% of it is aftermarket, the have an installed base in 100 countries, we could grow that. If you take a look at these industrial markets and also their rail products and you look at our distribution throughout the world we’ll improve their revenue over time, it won’t happen at first. So what really this is a great acquisition, we want to be honest and upfront with everyone, but it’s going to take a little bit of time to get the results we are going to get out of it. There is no reason why this couldn’t be equal or better than the average of the company, not just a transit business.Matthew S. Brooklier – Longbow Research LLC: Okay, that’s very helpful color there and then as we are looking out 2014 PTC revenue, what is the growth composition of that look like, you gave us the aggregate number for the year, but how much contribution are we getting from the freight side and then how much contribution comes from transit.
Raymond T. Betler: I will give you just a few – if you look at 2013 third to fourth revenue was impacted positively 6.7 if you look at compare fourth quarter 2012 to 2013 it was a negative about a million and if you look at year-to-date it was negative but 2015, 2016 and you are right the main once it were Australia and BrazilThom Albrecht – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you very much.
Greg W. Halter: All right and a couple of housekeeping items, Pat do you have the approximate equity balance and total assets at the end of the year? Patrick D. Dugan Yes, shareholders equity is 1,517 million and total assets, $2.8 billion.
Greg W. Halter: All right, great. And then one last one on the PTCO, I’ve read a couple of stories about some contracts from a couple of the transit agencies that are reportedly awarded, but they haven’t seen you guys put out a release on that yet and just wondering how that process works and maybe this is what you were mentioning earlier Al.
Greg W. Halter: Okay. Yes, there were couples that were outside of New York that I know. All right thank you. We’ll be so looking for those in the near future hopefully.
