Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec’s fourth quarter and full-year 2020 earnings call. Joining me this morning are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. During our call today, we will be discussing earnings release that we issued earlier this morning. Our slides from today news release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Please note that some of the statements we’re making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see those disclosures in our earnings release, presentation and SEC filings. We will also be discussing non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Raphael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do, out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that operator, we are now ready to take our first question
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone for participating today. We look forward to speaking with you throughout the quarter. Have a good day. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Allison, fuel is one of the biggest costs for our customers, I’d say, they are heavily focused on driving fuel efficiency across your operations. This combined with the growing focus on ESG and the need for decarbonization, I think positions the FLXDrive as a unique product to really address this challenges. We’re actively working with customers in North America and internationally between sort of this technology and their operations. Proposals are out, but we do not have sales of this product into a 2021 or 2022 at this point.
Rafael Santana: Allison, we’re seeing – I would say continued commitments to Transit overall, in terms of transportation. And we’re saying called the continuation of projects. We have not seen cancellations at this point. In fact, we have a lot of discussions regarding new projects with our customers.
Rafael Santana: I think the intensity is growing in the light of well recovering in the markets and I think on the auto side, we seeing our business to stay quite resilient through this time.
Rafael Santana: Let me start Justin, I’ll pass it on to Pat here. But in the fourth quarter, number one, we had a very significant drop in locomotive production. As we go into 2021, we have about a 35% reduction in locomotive volumes, which means no deliveries for North America. And that’s the first time it happens in decades. So we went through a significant restructuring and a couple of facilities in the U.S. that drove under absorption in efficiencies in the quarter with a lower margin rate. We have taken the necessary cost actions in the fourth quarter with significant headcount reductions and we will continue to drive profitable growth, that’s we go into 2021. Mix was also a headwind and that was a function just some of the elements, if you look at byproduct line, you’d think about transit. Aftermarket was actually declines versus a year ago with all we growing and you have some moderate dynamics with both equipment coming down. We put significant step down in locomotive shipments in the quarter and you also had a significant drop into digital electronics revenues.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with the last parts. Buybacks are not included and guidance we’re providing at this point, Justin. Even though, it is an element of capital allocation as we look forward. The second piece in terms of just the dynamics, I think we are continuing to see sequential improvement. In the fourth quarter, we saw book-to-bill that increased the 0.99, and that’s an improvement versus the average for the year, which was around 0.91. As we had said, I think our pipeline of deals continues to strengthen, we’re off to a strong starter for the year. And as we looking to the elements of what’s taking place, I think there could be some tailwinds associated with the dynamics we’re currently seeing that to some of the elements of weather and services deterioration.
Rafael Santana: So we’re stepping up our investments in that area. We call it the decarbonization product portfolio. And in our minds, it starts with really the ability to improve fuel efficiency for customer on existing platforms. So that was our upgrades. There’s a second element that ties it off with the adoption of more biofuel and renewable fuel. So that builds on that stairway. I think, there’s a nodder element here, which is tied to just continue to modernize. So the fleets and you’ve got a still a lot of opportunities to replace three units with two, there’s the element here of battery technologies, which will and can be a game-changer. And you need that in order to actually drive to the next level, which is they use a fuel cell. So that’s how we see the stairway. I think we’re well positioned to lead in all the elements of that stairway. That’s been continued work from us and you’ll see us continue to step up investment on that area.
Rafael Santana: We had mentioned before, I think the recovery, especially, on the equipment side, it’s clearly taking place first internationally. We have gotten a significant order as a result of that in the fourth quarter. We’re continuing discussions and we’re seeing some bright spots there. Whether if you think about that you just mentioned mining or if you think about agriculture exports, we certainly see that in both South America, we see that in Australia, but overall Southeast Asia, we’re quite active there, Russia CIS region. And we’re continuing to expand on delivering our fleet in India as well. But just on mining more specifically, it’s certainly I think a bright spot for us as we look into the year.
Rafael Santana: Scott, let me start with the last part of your question. I think we are a unique inflection point here to help shape, what I call, a clean energy economy focused around rail. Rail is the most sustainable way of moving both freight and land and large amount of people. So I think policies that incentivize movement by rail will be go both good for the economy, good for the environment, but can stimulate job creation North America we actively working with decent administration in that regard. And with regards to, I think just how we see things progressing throughout the year. I think similar to what you’ve heard from customers, I think you’ll see a sequential improvement. We do have elements of seasonality here into the first quarter. Certainly, weather has impacted our operations in Fort Worth. And that’s something that we’re actively working very close with our teams there to assess that impact.
Rafael Santana: Scott, we’re working. I think some of the initiatives go right align with the opportunity to improve efficiency for our customers on the fuel side opportunities to look at potentially accelerating some of the introductions of new technologies that help both on driving fuel efficiency, driving more automation, ultimately reducing carbon emissions. So that’s the best way to frame it, so last associated with the high speed rail per se.
Rafael Santana: Revenues for the business came down about 2% in 2020 versus the year before. I’d say customers continue to be very committed, Chris on investing in productivity and we have a record number of installs in new products as we highlighted. So the fundamentals are good there. And customers continue to be really committed to drive productivity and investing on that. What we saw also was a good book-to-bill in the fourth quarter. I think we’re continuing to see that as we move into the first quarter, but a key challenge for our team is to drive what I’ll call convertible gain of the year. So think about getting orders that churn into sales within 2021, but back again the fundamentals are of the business are strong.
Rafael Santana: Yes, it was a quick way to also eliminate costs within the air pushing some of those decisions to the right.
Rafael Santana: I’d start with we’re seeing sequential improvement, right. And that has turned the book-to-bill into I’ll call a significant improvement in the fourth quarter. I think we’re continuing to see that improvements, especially quarter to-date. I think we’ve had a strong start for the year with an order for both mods and an order for service agreements, which it’s a real positive. So at this point, I think we’ll see sequential improvement on volume as a result of continued on parking locomotives and freight cars. I think so important to mention here, I think we – as we look at the quarter to-date, the backlog coverage for the year is better than we had a year ago, but we’re still sitting on – a significant higher number of locomotives parked versus pre-COVID level. I think the auto elements I’d offer you there is the PSR headwinds that we signed last couple of years impacting demand. I think they’re largely reflecting the network and I’d not be surprised to see potential incremental of a volume created by the combination of this winter weather, deterioration of service levels. And this should be really the first year that we see traffic growth after sometime.
Rafael Santana: Significant order quarter to-date, we expect a double-digit growth from the mods number for the year.
Rafael Santana: I’ll just add. We continue to see strong international opportunities. The pipeline continues to strengthen. This is certainly a trough year for us. When you think about the equipment business and we’re building from there. I mean I can’t remember a year where we had zero deliveries on locomotives, so moving in the right direction.
Rafael Santana: Subject for the year, I mean we’ve got the backlog in house for what I call new locomotives. So this is really about building forward into 2022, and that’s where the dynamics are positive. You talk about the freight cars kind of all back to the parking levels. We had pre-COVID. There was certainly a significant drop last year with a 58% drop in the freight carbuild. We expect that to be more on the 25,000 for the year. So we have started the year with a positive beat up to this point.
Rafael Santana: We took a key step with a order on zero to zero, which is really the ability to start at zero and stop the train at zero. So you talk about moving it and the integration with PTC that really sets the tone of how you can be a lot more autonomous through that process. Some of these steps might vary a little bit on the various class ones, but we have a suite of products in order to support that. So you’ve tied that off with a lot of the elements that I described in terms of our portfolio for de-carbonization. We have a real strong portfolio here to drive growth in this business for the long-term and despite of I call variation here on carloads.
Rafael Santana: I don’t think the technology is the bottleneck. So we’ve got the elements of technology to drive to that.
Rafael Santana: Let me start I think as far as the Transit business, I think we had good progress in the business. The focus continues to be on execution, improving, the quality of the order intake, but also improving, say the metrics to our customers. Margins have improved about 200 basis points. And the team has a good plan to move up and not a 100 basis points this year. I think some of the dynamics on the business might vary depending on well lockdown sort of restrictions that have had a significant impact on ridership, but what has not changed stuff rises, we continue to see a very resilient services business. If you think about ridership down 30%, 50%, 80% levels, as we saw last year, we had a business that the aftermarket came down by single-digits in 2020. On the OE side, we have not seen as I said project constellation, so long-term fundamentals are strong there. I was certainly – are looking through some of the headwinds you described inflation being one of them. We’ve got our team really actively working with suppliers to make sure that we well-prepared for any of these elements. What I’ll anticipate you, we also have agreements that provide what I call escalation in the case of [indiscernible] but a good amount of work being done by our teams as we speak around that.
Rafael Santana: I’d say to while we have visibility to, I think we feel confident about the framework we have provided to you.
Rafael Santana: I think Asia certainly the ridership is in the higher levels, right. There’s of course some specifics in terms of some of the lockdown, some governments have act on it. I think Europe is come next. As we saw some of these new lockdown measures, you saw what used to be a ridership on the 80%-plus level go down to a more like 50%s and 60%s, but we expect those to resume back up. North America has certainly been on the low end of that spectrum of recovery, but as vaccination takes place, we’ll see those improve across the board.
Rafael Santana: We’re certainly watching that very closely. We do think that, well, the combination of a severe winter weather conditions, higher volumes, the fact that you have a deterioration of service levels and back to the fact that the 2021 should be the first year that we see traffic growth, yes. That could provide tailwinds.
Rafael Santana: I’ll tell you. We just got our first international order and it was not in South America, but we do have opportunities to continue to expand that. And that’s one of the areas of focus of our games.
Rafael Santana: We expect to drive what I’ll call profitable growth for overall Wabtec and I should see those dynamics into that segments.
Rafael Santana: Yes, and additional to the seasonality, you see on the first quarter was certainly watching for well that – weather impacts that we’ve had on our operation in fourth quarter.
Rafael Santana: So number one, I think we continue to see opportunities to return value to shareholders through a share buyback. And that’s why our Board has renewed the authorization of $500 million and buybacks. I think our focus starts with driving organic growth. I mentioned the portfolio solutions we have around de-carbonization and automation. They do provide a significant growth opportunity for our business and it’s very much aligned to both productivity and carbon reduction for our customers. So we’re committed to continuing to lead there. And we have increased the step into 2021. And on inorganic, we’re continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. We will be opportunistic here. This will be really highly strategic with strong returns that drive higher ROIC and faster profitable growth increasing shareholder value. So that’s fundamentally how we think about capital allocation here going into 2021.
Pat Dugan: Yes. Just let me add on to that. I mean, the impact in the fourth quarter is really a result of those low locomotive deliveries and we see that continuing into next year. When you look at the full year for next year, you’re asking about kind of guidance or view into the segment margins. We typically haven’t given a lot of information about segment margins in the guidance, but I think if you look at the full year, the full Wabtec view, we expect to be in that with the guidance to be in above 15% kind of range, which is flattish and improving into from 2020 into 2021. We’re committed to the margin improvement on the transit side, like, we’ve talked about in the strategic goals we put out there. And we see the freight margins to improve as we continue to get our synergies that we’ve talked about as we benefit from the cost actions we’ve taken both in the full year and in the fourth quarter on the freight businesses and seeing the mix of business really heading in our favor.
Pat Dugan: Yes, Jerry, so the – in 2020, there was obviously cost to separate and we would capture those in our restructuring and transaction costs when we report our numbers. We had – there were expenditures in order to stand up our own systems and achieve synergies related to separation from GE and get out from the transition service agreements. We had some of those costs come through in the fourth quarter too. And we expect to see some of those going into 2021, but to start to really slow down and get the full benefit. We’re also – and we have not included that in our guidance. We will treat them the same as we have in 2020. And then when you look into 2021, those efforts are really starting to be behind us. We’re starting to get the full benefit. We have additional synergy projects that will get us $250 million run rate by the end of the year. And but the cost to achieve those synergies will really slow.
Pat Dugan: Yes. And I would just add Scott, we do have some seasonality that comes from our aftermarket business and in our mining business, just the timing of how orders and projects get landed and the kind of operating rhythm of our customers related to aftermarket and part sales. So first quarter tends to be impacted a lot by all these kind of elements that along with the things that Rafael just talked about.
Pat Dugan: So the range what would – how would we get to the high end of the range or the impact of the low end, it’s really going to be driven by the areas we see positivity, it’s a services. It’s a mod, it’s a part sales. And my driver for that is really the rail volumes. When I look at the Transit same thing as the regions and the economies reopened and passenger ridership starts to continue to trend positively. We’ll see those part sales. We have a good visibility into our OE side on Transit and our OE side on Freight, but where the reaching the high end of the range, it’s going to be driven by those items. It’s freight volumes, carloadings, and ridership.
Pat Dugan: Yes. Well, we’re – again, we said specifically sequential growth, so looking at the quarters. I mean that, that would sort of imply that the second half is going to be stronger to answer your question specifically, yes.
Pat Dugan: Well, $220 million is the cash flow impact, right. And you have – I would say roughly half of it is of the cash flow impact is from costs that had been recorded in 2019 paid in 2020. The other half were kind of were costs and impact within the year. And then going forward, we were still working through those costs to achieve synergies and restructuring. We haven’t given any specific guidance on those items, because of the sensitivity to our operations. But we expect those to come down.
Ken Hoexter: Just maybe can you talk – Pat, can you talk a bit about the outlook? What are the highs and lows in terms of the parts of the outlook? Can you maybe provide any specifics? I know you said you’re not giving details on Freight or Transit specifically, but maybe just talk about the highs and lows on the other.
Ken Hoexter: That’s helpful. And it seems like international is really big part of this. Is there a baseline kind of Pat on or Rafael on the local builds or I guess carload growth that you’ve said as kind of the midpoint that we should look as a starting point just to help us based on that.
Ken Hoexter: But I guess is there anything technological that you still think is needed or is it just – is the technology there and it’s just developing.
