Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al. And good morning, everyone. I'll provide a brief financial summary of our results.  Sales for the quarter were a record $479 million, which was 28% higher than last year. This increase of about 2/3 came from organic growth and the balance from acquisition. Freight Group sales were up about 47%, with almost all of that coming from internal growth. The aftermarket growth of the Freight Group was primarily due to increasing rail traffic and growth initiatives, which Al mentioned earlier. OEM sales almost doubled because of increasing demand for new locomotives and freight cars and growth in non-rail market such as power gen.  Transit Group sales increased about 8%, with acquisitions more than offsetting slightly lower organic sales. Margins, as you know and we discussed extensively, we're always driving to drive our operation margins higher. For the quarter, GAAP income from operations was $56 million, including the special items Al mentioned. Two of these special items, the $18.1 million charge from the Favlay [ph] ruling and the $2.4 million benefit from the settlement, were included in SG&A.  If you exclude both of those items from SG&A, our non-GAAP income from operations of $72 million for an operating margin of 15% compared to 13.3% in the year ago quarter. While we think this is a nice improvement, we always feel there is room for more improvement over time and that's our constant goal. A few of the other smaller P&L items, interest, interest expense was lower due mostly to lower net debt compared to the year ago. Other expense, which is typically a pretty small item and that's mostly due to paper FX translation gain or losses. We had a small loss this quarter.  The effective tax rate, this is another one of the special items that we mentioned. The tax rate for this quarter was 30%, which was slightly lower than the year ago quarter due to the $1.7 million benefit from the resolution of prior year tax issues. What we did is we closed calendar '07 and '08, leaving only '09 and '10 open. Our tax rate will fluctuate over time, obviously, but we expect it to be somewhere in the 34% to 35% range in the future.  A few other items, turning to the balance sheet. Working capital was up mostly due to increased sales, but working capital excluding cash was down quarter-to-quarter by about $8 million, showing that at least we're making some progress in our initiative. Receivables were $337 million, up $31 million from March 31. Inventories were $311 million, up $26 million and offsetting that were payables which were $186 million, up $11 million. Cash at June 30, we had $221 million in cash compared to $201 million in cash at March 31 in '11. We generated cash in the quarter from operations of about $50 million. Debt at June 30, we had $396 million in debt compared to $400 million at March 31. So that's relatively stable. And if you take a look at our balance sheet, I think you'll agree that we have plenty of capacity for investing in, in additional growth opportunities and we're not restrained in a financial sense at all.  A few more of the typical numbers that we give you during this call. Depreciation was $6.6 million during the quarter, same as last year. Amortization was $3.3 million versus $2.1 million, the increase being mostly due to amortization of intangibles from acquisitions. CapEx, our totals were $5.4 million this quarter versus $3.4 million last year. Year-to-date, CapEx is about $12.8 million and we expect about $25 million to $28 million for the year. In terms of backlog, as we mentioned, the backlog is very solid and reached a record high. The multiyear backlog, this includes the 12-year number, so this is the total backlog compared to the last quarter-to-quarter ended March 31. The total is $1.51 billion versus $1.49 billion at March 31, so a slight increase. The transit number is $811 million versus $791 million last quarter. That transit backlog number is the highest since second quarter of '09. And freight was relatively stable, $701 million versus $705 million at the end of the last quarter.  The rolling 12-month backlog compared to year end is, this is what we expect to execute in the next 12 months, in total, was $970 million versus $821 million last year. Transit was $410 million versus $365 million, and freight was $560 million versus $456 million. So an increase in all the total.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al for the summary.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, that was in the SG&A line. So it partially offset the negative from the settlement -- not the settlement, the court ruling on the Favlay [ph] matter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And then that's once you take out the special items that were in SG&A and that's where we were, and I think that's a reasonable run rate going forward, Tom.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's not really that much and I tell you why, because we don't put anything on backlog until we get the specific order. So I'm doing this also -- most of the domestic PTC stuff, like the onboard equipment, that's not in backlog yet. You might have something in there on this MRS agreement and the Metrorail agreement, but those would not be huge quantities, just strictly PTC.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Again, like the MRS contract was about $163 million. The MetroLink contract was in the 30s, I think. So I mean, those amount are on backlog but the PTC elements of those are relatively small. You have back office work, you have communications work, you have a number of elements to it. So strictly, though, the PTC part is small.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think so I, Art, because that's due to train closings and other items like that which are not really, let's say, attributable to economic factors. It's just a normal recurring pattern that occurred year-over-year. So I think, yes.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We were approaching $1 billion so -- I think we're over $1 billion dollars. So we're a little over that.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. And we do, Tom. Typically what could happens is quite a few of our customers, basically that's their vacation period. And a lot of them will actually do plant shutdowns. And there's also a little bit of basically how the railroads spend. Typically, they set their budget in the fourth quarter. So fourth quarter could tend to be high as people try to justify their budgets, first quarter tends to be a little higher as well than kind of, certainly, the third. You've always seen a little bit of a slowdown in the third quarter for those 2 reasons. So there's an element of seasonality in our numbers.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We're always taking a look at tax saving initiatives. And a couple of things we've done, I think we're going to benefit going forward. So I think the 34% to 35% is a pretty good number.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. No, no, absolutely. The depreciation, I think was the same as last year's quarter, that's the number I had, about $6.6 million. That's always going to vary a little bit. The amortization has been going up sequentially because of acquisitions. And we keep CapEx pretty modest, we think, especially the last few years. So I think it's just a normal fact. I'd put it to you in a different way. I think you can use this quarter's run rate as a pretty good run rate going forward if you're trying to build a model. I don't see much change from where we are today, if that's helpful.
Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we had a strong performance in the quarter with record sales and earnings and a record backlog. Longer term, we just couldn't be any more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model in the Wabtec performance system, which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce costs. We have an experienced management team that is now taking advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the transportation reauthorization or SAFETEA-LU Bill that has been expired since September 2009, although there's been a lot of discussions related to that particular bill, nothing has really been set in concrete. There has been some proposals that were put out by a number of politicians, that one proposal was there was going to be some cutbacks, it was a lot of pushback related to that from both sides of the house. And what we're hearing is that they're really looking at just extending it beyond. They will not be able to come to any kind of reality to formulate a bill and determine how it's going to be funded or even the amounts associated with that transportation bill. The implications from that is that as long as that's in limbo, I think there's a reluctance on the part of the transit authorities here in North America to really get aggressive with their growth plans. Although the same amount of money will be available for these capital expenditures -- and there is a lot of projects that are already in the works here. And as a matter of fact, I mean, we are very busy with a number of finalizations on contracts and quoting on new projects. So we think it's fine for a while, but you start to soon run out of the money that has already been approved and some of the projects. So we're really anxious to see that bill start to be formulated and to move forward. As far as the bill is concerned related to PTC, we're not aware of any impact on that transportation bill will have on the implementation of positive train control. We're working very diligently to do our part of supplying the technology, and we think things are moving along quite well.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, I think Brazil, we identified the opportunity in Brazil a number of years ago and we started a aftermarket business with one of the railroads. And that business has grown nicely for us. Not only are we going aftermarket for that railroad, but we have aftermarket business with some of the other railroads. The opportunity that this created for us is we have the opportunity to quote on a turnkey train control system for MRS. The MRS is the fourth largest railroad in Brazil. These relationships continue to grow. We also added a friction business in Brazil, so we have an installed base in that area. The market is growing rapidly. In comparison, if you broke it down freight and transit, the transit market is very small compared to the transit market here in the U.S., but the thing that's happening right now, they're expanding in preparation for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The freight market, what they're trying to do now is to upgrade the system and buying locomotives, as well as putting in better signaling systems and upgrading the technology on their rail cars, which were involved in all of those.
Albert Neupaver: With that, it's kind of early to provide guidance for 2012. What we have said and continue to feel is going to be the case is the fact that we thought we'd start seeing more of a ramp up in the fourth quarter of this year from PTC activities. Right now, what's happening is that there's a lot of work being done in the laboratory to test the software out. This moves to be in a field test early next year. And as it moves into the field test stage, obviously, there should be a increase in demand for a lot more of the hardware. And that's the basis of what we're talking about. We would expect over that timeframe, the numbers that we've explained before, I think you could probably estimate your own a ramp-up based on those numbers.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. I think a lot of people have worked through most of the supply chain problems that have existed. Now that doesn't mean that we could start meeting -- everyone could start meeting the demands. If you look at the rail car builders, and you're exactly right, take a look at just 1 year ago, when the deliveries were 2,900 and we had 6 rail car builders. And all of a sudden now, you want to ramp that up to 10,600 that were delivered in the quarter. That is -- puts a lot of stress on the supply chain. But what we're seeing and we don't particularly have any major issues, and what we're seeing from others is that I think most people have worked through the supply chain issues that were created in the first quarter and second quarter.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. As everyone knows there was shakeup inside the Ministry of the Railroad. And one of the concerns that the Ministry had was the amount of money that's being spent and how rapid they've been growing and was there issues related to safety and other areas. And it is very unfortunate, the accident, and the best we know it appears that there may have been a problem with the signaling system. I think that what we've already heard and seen from is a slowdown. They've lowered the speed that they're running the high-speed trains at and they're reassessing primarily their entire program. I think this reassessment will have some impact on the amount of revenue and sales that go in there. We don't have a great sales base. It's something that we're developing. We think long term, however, the market is going to be a good market and one that we want to participate in. As we have it right now, and we are very diverse in our product base there, and we still see our particular revenue and sales in China increasing this year and into the future.
Albert Neupaver: Back-end loaded. Yes. I think it's an even slope. I don't think there's any rapid buildup. Are you related the supply chain issues or just...
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we've not seen any slowdown in activity. Things still look pretty good. A lot of activity, especially in the transit area.
Albert Neupaver: Pricing is still difficult. It takes a little bit of time for everyone to fill up their capacity. And then pricing, we're always looking to get paid appropriately for our products, our technology. However, it is always a bit difficult in the transit areas where you have closed bids. But in the freight area, until we get back up to more normal rates in locomotive and rail car business, I don't think there's going to be a lot of opportunity for that.
Albert Neupaver: No. We have a great relationship with CAT and EMD and other locomotive builders throughout the country. If we build the locomotive, we could have content from other divisions selling into that locomotive of $200,000 to $225,000 per locomotive.
Albert Neupaver: There's a chance that there would be some interest that could be paid and that's not a large number, definitely, under $1 million. If there's any substantial changes, it would be in the downward direction based on, one, we've had already paid close to $4 million on a previous agreement from the arbitration panel. So if we get credit for that amount, which has not been determined yet, and any appeal would obviously get it going in the right direction as far as we're concerned.
Albert Neupaver: Where the larger contracts would be in there. The MRS and the MetroLink that we announced. That's in the backlog. But the component and some of the service work are just, they may show up, they're 30-day, 45-day items.
Albert Neupaver: The one thing we've always said is, we've been very open on how we calculate that number, and that there's a lot of other business related to PTC not in that number. But that number is really based on the onboard computer, the onboard system. And based on the number of locomotives that would have to be equipped with PTC, as well as a very conservative portion of business that we would get after the acquisition of Xorail. So that number doesn't include, for example, it does not include MRS. It does not include transit opportunities similar to this MetroLink. It really was based on something that you could get your arms around. So from a PTC standpoint, there's a lot of adjacent business that we would expect to have over time, and not quantify that, and probably won't.
Albert Neupaver: I think, Art, to answer your question, our focus has really been on increasing our operating margin, our EBIT over this time frame. And you go back to 2006 and just follow the progression, even through the downturn, we lost less than 1% during the downturn with a reduction of $150 million of revenue. And this continuous improvement approach is exactly how we view it. We work every day to focus on the Wabtec performance system. We do focus on the pricing. We focus on sourcing. We focus on moving to lower-cost platforms. We also -- part of the formula going forward is the fact that we have, ahead of us, a great opportunity. And that is that not only we're going to get growth from acquisitions, but we have the ability to have some great internal growth potential here. And that's where you really are able to expand your margins with internal growth. Acquisitions, if you find the right ones and integrate them properly. So we're going to continue to focus on improving those margins and expand them. And we don't set a goal of 20%, we don't set a goal of 15.5%. We set the goal that we're going to continue each and every month, each and every quarter, each and every year.
Albert Neupaver: If I double the first half, I get to 24%. But generally, when we say 20%, there is a range around it and we tend to be conservative on our projections with the uncertainty that we have. And you do have some seasonality but you have to play in it as well. So we're not trying to be coy or anything, it's just that when you take a look at going forward, there are quite a bit of uncertainties that lay out there.
Albert Neupaver: Federal funding makes up about 40% of what's spent on the capital budget of all these municipalities in the country, between 40% and 50%. And so if that gets cut back, it's obviously going to have an impact on us. But keep in mind that if you look at year-to-date, our OEM business, and this is OEM globally is 37% of our total transit sales, and about 58% of our transit sales year-to-date are outside of the U.S. So you start tracking this down, it will have an impact but it's just not a major number. It's an important number. We're focused on it. We have a good market share in that area. If there was a cut in the amount of money that is allocated to transit authorities, it will have an impact. But this is not a major item that would impact Wabtec just because of the diversity we have. And though some of that is what I talked about in the prepared remarks, we sell in 4 different areas, that's just product areas, then you add the international as well.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. It depends on the product as far as the market share. If you take a look at the transit markets, we're in the 5% range. And we hope that, that market share will -- it's a small number and a large market, so I think that growth should allow us to really have a successful growth. I don't see why we can't double that in a short order of time. And the freight market's probably about the same amount of market share. If you look at the aftermarket business, specifically in the U.K., we obviously have a larger market share with the recent acquisitions of Brush and WRL. So overall, we think that the European and international markets create a major growth opportunity for Wabtec because we are generally a small player in very large markets.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we discuss at each Board meeting and our #1 priority that we have for cash deployment is internal development. We think that's the most profitable growth that this company could have. Secondly, we continue to look at acquisitions that we could bold on, or adjacencies that doesn't that our management team stray away from what we're good at and our core competency. And thirdly, we look at stock buyback, as well as dividends or special paybacks to the shareholders. So those are reviewed, priorities could change meeting to meeting. But right now, those have been pretty consistent over the past few years, with us really focusing on growth. And again, first, internal growth, and acquisition second.
