Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again we had a great quarter with record sales, record earnings and backlog and good margin performance. Our 2012 EPS guidance is now between $5.10 and $5.15 on revenue growth of about 20%. Longer term, we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model in the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that has taken advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Our acquisition pipeline is actually very busy right now. As you know, we are very selective on what we try to approach. And we're very disciplined in trying to close the right acquisitions. We are seeing quite a bit of competition in that arena. But there is an ample number of acquisitions that we have in the pipeline right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think we stay on track. We have a very sound strategy and that is to build a business up in Europe in both transit and freight. Although the freight market is smaller, I think there's opportunities for us to participate in that market. We're making slow but positive movement in both of those areas. I think the opportunities are still there, and I think long term, it will be very good market growth area for us. A good example of that is the acquisition of Mors Smitt and last year's acquisition of Bearward. We continue to want to build that credibility and platform in that market area, which is a much larger market area especially in transit than it is here in North America.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, Art, I think as we have tried to get everyone to take a look at the operating profit line, and the reason for that is we have -- because of the large project nature of some of our business, we have a lot of costs that go back and forth between cost of sales and the SG&A expense lines and engineering line. And what we've really done internally is we really stayed focused on the operating line, not that gross margins and gross profit isn't important, and we do look at the metric, but what we do find is a lot of expenses flow between those 2 lines. And we'd like to get people really focused on that operating margin, which if you go back over the last 5 years, it's done nothing but incrementally improve, which is really our goal to continuously improve on that margin line.
Albert J. Neupaver: Our goal would be to continuously improve on that margin. And I think if you take a look at even what happened during the recession in 2008, 2009 time frame, even with transit taking a larger portion of the total revenue, with $150 million drop in revenue, we were able to maintain the margin within 1%. So when you take the Wabtec Performance System, we apply that across all aspects of the business. And in those divisions that have lower margins, we expect a larger incremental improvement. So, and it's not just looking at Kaizen, but as we talked before, we look at taking advantage of global sourcing. We take a look at taking advantage of pricing. And yes, there will be mix changes over time, but our goal is to really continuously improve on that operating margin level.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Yes. On the Transportation Bill, I think the fact that you're taking away some of the uncertainty of the funding really are out year type of positive impact. We're seeing the impact right now of spending that -- or funding that was put forth a few years ago. So I don't see it an immediate impact in the transit area from the Highway Bill. It's those long-term projects that we really want to see. And you are correct. The bill, there was a lot of pressure, lobby pressure, to put some type of delay for PTC into the Transportation Bill that never made it. I think there will be continued pressures as we would go forward to have some type of delay. As far as do I feel that there will be a delay or not, I really can't -- I really don't know. I wouldn't say with certainty that there isn't one. But what I can tell you with certainty is that I don't think it would have a major impact on how we see things that will occur over the next few years. There's still a lot of work to be done. Right now, the progress is very positive. We're going to go from lab testing to field testing on the vital PTC system probably late this year into next year. We already got a product safety plan on a nonvital system that has been submitted with BNSF. They've been operating our system for 5 years. You'll see that we're going to be pushing to have the Metrolink system up and running on a BNSF-type system sometime in 2013. In 2013, we will have completed the MRS Brazilian signaling project. One thing for sure, we're not going to be a reason for any type of delay and that is Wabtec. Now I can't comment on the railroads and the other participants in the area, but I'm sure -- I assure you that they're working hard to try to meet the deadline and we'll see how it goes. I think the most complex thing that's left is the fact that we have to have a system that inter operates. That means that every one of the railroads could communicate with each other, as well as the transit authorities and that's where a lot of the testing has been focused on in the last few months.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think the universe, and it's one of the things we try to do strategically is we always try to keep that, we call it making the pond bigger. Okay. And how do you make the pond bigger? First of all, you look at the markets that you're in and I think that I've been very pleased with the amount of opportunities we've seen in the rail industry, both transit and freight, aftermarket, OEM, wayside versus rolling stock. I think there's a lot of opportunities there. We also, as you know, we have about 15% of our business outside of the rail area. And these are technologies that we know. They're core competencies of ours and that expands that pond of acquisition opportunities that we could look at. What we don't want to do is get into areas that we don't have competencies in and it would distract our management team from doing what we're doing and that is focusing on a very compelling industry and that's the transit and freight rail industries. So I can't quantify it for you, but I can tell you that we have been very pleased with the number of opportunities we get to look at. It's not like you got to go find one and you're desperate to close it. I mean, that's not how we approach it. We have ample opportunities and we're very selective in what we go after.
Albert J. Neupaver: We expect -- we had revenues about $50 million in the quarter and that's on track. We expect to have about $200 million of revenues in 2012.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's pretty similar to where we were. That's kind of -- I think it will be right around the $200 million, probably slightly higher.
Albert J. Neupaver: We didn't see a lot of delays because of that. I mean, I think everyone is feverishly working to get there. And I don't think many of the people are holding back. Now maybe -- I think the only area would be the onboard computer. There's a question on how fast you want to do that and I think that if there's any one area they may have held back that would be equipping, not new locomotives, but more of the older locomotives. Until you get into field testing, you wouldn't need them anyway. So I don't think we saw any delay because of it.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think this year we have probably, I would say, 30% outside of the U.S. And transit would be about 20% and 50% would be freight, U.S.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. First, I will address the MRS. There's a big chunk left next year, and not only that, we're on Phase 1 of a 3-phase potential, 4-phase potential. And although the other phases are not a guarantee at this point, I think that if the system is up and running, there's other sections of the railroad where there -- you would expect them to apply this. There's other international projects as well that we are taking a look at. So I think that first of all, our international PTC, we hope will continue into the future and grow. As far as the U.S. spending, as we've said in the past, I think '12 is kind of a little bit of a stepping stone into '13 and '14. I would imagine most of the onboard work would happen in those 2 years, maybe towards the second half of '13, all the way through '14. And that's obviously a big chunk. The other thing is what we haven't quantified and is still out there is there's 21 transit agencies that are going to need to have some form of train control that's going to have to inter-operate with the Class Is. Although those projects, some are small some are large, I think we've only announced signing contracts with 2 of them right now, and that's Metrolink that we'll have something operating next year and the other one's in Denver. And the Denver project, we have about $63 million in setting up the system, but we also have components that add to that. And that project will run all the way out to late 2014 into 2015 since it's a new railroad. So I guess what we're saying is that we expect it to grow.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think there's always competition and that's why -- and I think other people are involved in the whole PTC implementation. I mean, we're working very closely with a lot of our customers, competitors. It's a total system. I mean, what we're supplying is only part of that system. We have the ability to put a turnkey installation in with our engineering and design capabilities, but we still have to rely on a lot other people to interface with us. So that interface will continue, and whether we'll see some competition at some point on the specific products that we offer, that's always a possibility. Never underestimate your competition.
Albert J. Neupaver: The -- that -- Alvaro can explain it better than me, so I'll let him explain, but I don't think it's callable.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're really excited about that technology and I think that if you add the 2 contracts together that we got down in Rio Tinto in Australia, you're looking at $21 million and $29 million. So you have $50 million being invested by just one railroad in Australia, and they're definitely seeing the benefits. I think the benefits are very clear. I think that this technology will eventually be adopted globally. It's just going to take time. It is a very expensive investment for the railroads and you've got to get a return on your investment. I think the biggest problem that we have in the U.S. is the way we run our railroads where you take railcars from 1 -- Class 1 and you carry it so far then you give it to another and you have -- a lot of the product is leased. So, the person that's buying the car is not the one getting the benefit from it. The only kind of no-brainer application for these -- for this technology right now is unit trains. And these are trains that would run back and forth and be owned by the operator. And we've seen pilots and some growth in that area. We're running tests now in South America on large freight trains. We've had -- the product has been adopted in South Africa and Australia. So yes, I think it's going to be a bigger opportunity over time. I just think it's going to take a long time, and I'm talking multiple years out before this technology is adopted.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the only reason why it matters is the message that you read into it. They're the type of car, really, where agnostic it doesn't matter. But when you see that concentration, I think you're talking about, correct me if I'm wrong, but 83% of the orders were in tank cars, I think.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, and if you look at the other categories, if you were an optimist, how you would view that is there was such a concentration in tank cars, the other ones will catch up. If you're a pessimist, you'll say, "Well, the tank car can't carry the load forever." And one thing for sure, we're not going to see a lot of coal cars going forward. And the covered hopper I think got ahead of itself, and probably, tank cars is getting ahead of itself. But you still have to support the intermodal. And there wasn't a lot of intermodal activity on orders or deliveries.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the only one that's ever been consistent is tank cars during my 5 or 6 years -- 6, 7 years here. Tank cars have seen -- they've always been the more consistent one. But intermodal with traffic up 5, over 5% at some point...
Albert J. Neupaver: We should know, I should know better but I don't know it off the top of my head. I've seen statistics of what the capacity was, but I'd be guessing if I gave it to you so I...
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we do drill down, Sam, and there's no question, contribution margin when you're at I think 22% when compared to last year's quarter, that is pretty good for us. I think volume is obviously a large factor, but it's not the only factor. When we get into our budgeting cycle, we look for every division to come in with some type of improvement on through our Wabtec Performance System, through sourcing and pricing, and we track that every month. And that we -- it's called priority deployment. Every division has goals and objectives for those and we plot it. So we could break it down individually on how much each of those contribute to that margin improvement on a divisional basis, and if you roll it up, you'll see the volume impact. But volume helps. Volume helps you cover mistakes. There's no question about it. But the other areas are contributing and they're significant.
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't have that information that I could give you off the top of my head. I could tell you that pricing has improved quarter-on-quarter. It's a small amount. There's -- but it has improved. I think on an annual basis, if we were able to get 0.5% out of pricing, we'd be very happy.
Albert J. Neupaver: There's no discussion. We've got to get this operating before it's even discussed and that's probably why it's on the tip of my tongue here.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're making good progress. We've got components that are being qualified and tested and certified. We've got some systems that we're selling, and they're small platforms, but they'll grow over time. So we're making good progress.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And in terms of SG&A, Art, it's actually been pretty stable. And that really helps us on the operating margin line, obviously, as we expand the sales. If you take out the legal settlement, which we accrued last year and adjust for acquisitions, we're roughly at about the same run rate that we were this quarter and last quarter, which is somewhere between 60 and 62. So I think going forward, you can model the SG&A somewhere between 60 and 62, and it will fluctuate between those amounts. Obviously, we make acquisitions, that will change, but that's the best number we have going forward.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. No mix can -- like Al said, mix can really affect gross profit and the classification of expenses sometimes can affect that as well, given the -- sometimes the percentage of completion accounting can affect that and that's why we focus so much on the operating margin line rather than the gross.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure, no. I mean I think the main components of the increase in sales was really the rebounding freight car market, which obviously are freight car components. And I think that the margins there are probably around the company average, give or take, and then strong PTC sales as well, which have higher margins than the company average. I think those were the 2 really driving forces in the component sales.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It's due in July. And we have enough room right now in the revolver to be able to basically redeem those bonds and we expect to maintain that amount. If for some reason we did something, say a large acquisition, for example, that caused that amount to not be enough to decrease, we would actually increase the facility. But we are planning for that so that we basically we don't -- like you all do, we don't want that liability turning current. And as long as we maintain the ability to redeem those bonds under the revolver, we're okay. So we got that covered. And the question is what we do then and it's still -- obviously, we're in a very, very favorable environment and there are a number of options open to us, and as we get closer to the redemption date, then we'll evaluate those options and go from there.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See the benefit of that cash, it's mostly outside of the U.S. We have some here in the U.S. and will apply that against the revolver in the normal course of events. But the large majority of that is outside the U.S. And one of the benefits of these foreign acquisitions like the Bearward, the Bearward utilized a lot of our euro cash balances, and Mors Smitt utilized the remaining portion for the most part of our euro cash balances. But we can take some others from other countries and apply it there, it just takes some time to transfer it tax efficiently. But over time, we should be able to take some of that cash and use it for foreign acquisitions.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See, I don't think we've ever done a statistical summary of like how much in any one period is one particular type of car. But I know just from having been around a little bit, I mean, I remember when coal cars were real hot because you have the aluminum coal cars planning -- which are much lighter and much more efficient planning the older cars, then intermodal was real hot. And so you do go through periods in a market where a certain type of car will predominate over others. And you have just a wide variety of cars that over the long term they can average out.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Our preference is they don't expand capacity build them all and then a little bit of a slump and have to shut down. We actually prefer a smoothing of that curve a little bit. And they seem to be able to be handling it right now. We're not hearing that anybody's backed up that can't meet delivery dates, I'll put it to you that way.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And one of the benefits of the environment is you don't -- this is kind of addition by subtraction, I guess. But you're not expected to cut your prices as you would if things slowed down. So actually that helps pricing as well, that you're actually getting your price. You're not getting that large and increase but you're not subject as much to discount as well.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We want to go ahead and finish the contract, make sure we're operating properly, then we'll do the other ones.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's -- I'd say most of it is supporting the normal growth, a little bit of replacement. We legally try to do what other people do, which is make it last one more year, but there's always a normal replacement cycle, but it's more growth and expansion and trying to fulfill strategy than anything else.
