Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great, thanks Al and good morning everyone. As Al mentioned, I think we had a very good performance in the quarter and we remain and continue to remain optimistic about our market position. In terms of specifics, I think there was a quarter I would classify as pretty normal, it wasn’t too much any one timers or ins or outs. Sales were about 376 million, 14% higher than last year and the highest total sine the first quarter of '09. Of this increase, about half was organic with the rest coming from acquisitions. A definite positive was freight group sales which were up 68% with about two thirds of that coming from organic growth. So we see the revival of the freight market and we expect that to continue. We also saw growth in the after market due to increase in rail traffic and more rolling stock coming out of storage. The transit group sales were lower as Al mentioned but I think we’re probably to the point where we’re starting to hit bottom and we could see some rebound. Margins, as always we’re focused on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin. For the quarter, operating margin was 13.5%, 20 basis points higher than the second quarter and year to date 30 basis points higher than last year. SG&A was higher than the year ago quarter. This was mainly due to the acquisitions of Unifin, Xorail, GMB and Bock Simpson but you’ll notice that it was lower than the run rate of the last quarter. Also this year we include – in this year’s quarter we include about 1.4 million of what we call PPA or purchase price accounting. These are the basically short term amortization required in accounting for acquisition. They typically run out in about nine months to a year and like I mentioned there’s about 1.4 of that in our results for this quarter compared to none last year. If you exclude the PPA, operating margin was 13.8 rather than the 13.5 we reported. Interest expense was relatively stable, higher due to higher debt levels compared to '09 and other expense was slightly higher than the prior year. Last year we had a little bit of income, this year we had a little bit of expense mostly due to paper FX translation losses at some of our subs. The effect of tax rate was 33.4%, slightly lower than the year ago quarter, about the same as the second quarter. We had a couple of small releases of reserves. I would say for the fourth quarter either probably expect a tax rate of somewhere around 35% or so. Working capital, receivables were down about 10 million. Inventories were up 9 million and payables were up about 6 million so a net positive adjustment of about 7 million. However working capital does include acquisitions of about 15 million so we actually reduced working capital in the period by about 22 which is a positive accomplishment. Cash from operations for the quarter was about 51 million or 13.5% of sales. At the quarter end we had 177 million in cash and net debt of 233. Of the gross debt, gross is the fore cash net is after cash obviously we had 410. This debt consists of 150 million in bonds, 137 million on a term loan and 123 million on a revolver. I think if you take a look at our balance sheet basically we had our debt to Ebidta is about 1, a little bit over one. We have plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities. To give you a few of the numbers that I think is of general interest to everyone, depreciation for the quarter was 7.1 million versus 5.3 million last year. Amort was about 2.6 million versus 1.7 million last year. The increasing amortization is basically due to the acquisitions and allocation of purchase price and amortization of some of the intangibles. CapEx continues to be very reasonable, 5.4 million for the quarter. Year to date the CapEx is 12.4 million versus 10.8 million last year. Backlog, the multi year backlog is up significantly due in part to the 115 million locomotive contract with MBTA order that Al mentioned previously as well and we’ve previously announced. The total backlog, this includes 12 month backlog as well as backlog to be executed later is 1.04 billion, up from 921 million in the last quarter. 748 million of that is in transit versus 665 million so the total transit backlog has gone up and the freight backlog is 289 million versus 256 million. Again freight is not a backlog driven business so you would expect that backlog to be lower than transits. The roll in 12 month backlog or what we expect to execute in the next 12 months compared to the last quarter, the last quarter being June 30, 10 in total is 497 million versus 522 million. In transit it’s 291 million versus 348 million and in freight it’s 206 million versus 174 million. Hopefully I didn’t go too fast on that, you were able to get that down but please let us know if you didn’t and with that I’ll turn it back over to Al.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Basically what we do Art is we – forecast provide tax rates I think relatively conservatively and then what happens is we don’t really release against that tax rate until any benefits have been realized and during the quarter we did receive a couple of small refunds as well as we saw a couple of state tax issues expired. So the tax rate was a little bit lower than it would have been normal, than would have been normal otherwise.  But again the fourth quarter we would expect it to be normal again which for us is about 35%.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See that’s one of the reasons it gets complicated because when you do this purchase price accounting, some of it goes to cost of sales, some of it goes to SG&A, some of it can go to amortization and that can have an impact which is why to be honest we like to say just focus on the operating margin line and not so much where we put these numbers. Again what we would call the short term purchase price accounting adjustment was about 1.4 million. Part of that was in cost of sales, part of that was in SG&A. Let’s see, cost of sales was probably about, it’s almost 50-50, a little bit less than cost of sales, a little bit more in SG&A.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And you’re absolutely right. The discount rate does have an effect on pension expense and for those uninitiated in GAAP accounting, basically you set your expansion expense at the beginning of the year and then regardless of changes you keep that up and then you do one for the next year. Right now it’s difficult to estimate because we haven’t gone through the actuarial process. The benchmark for the discount rate is about December of ’10. I’m not sure it’s not going to be that much different from the prior benchmark until we see the actuarial calculations come out though I’d rather not comment one way or the other apart from that. I’m not an actual, okay.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. What really impacts SG&A is acquisitions and like Pat mentioned earlier sometimes some of the acquisitions costs like say in Xorail which is primarily an engineering company. So their costs get charged, their engineering costs get charged to cost of sales rather than engineering or SG&A. But basically in this quarter we had about $1 million extra in SG&A from acquisitions from the second quarter of ‘010. In the second quarter of ‘010 we had a couple of items that we didn’t have this time. I think we mentioned in the last conference call there was one, we settled a litigation in Texas for about a couple of million and we also cleaned up, did some reserves and some bad debts and cleaned up a little bit there that impacted SG&A and that’s why you really see it if you compare to the second quarter actually going down which is always our goal actually. I think going forward, once you have the acquisitions in there for a full quarter going forward, you can – and again SG&A is kind of a catchall for all these expenses that don’t fit in any of the other categories. Some of the purchase price amortization goes in there; some of that PPA that I referred to goes in SG&A as well. But I think all in run rate going forward should be somewhere between 48 to 50 million in the future.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Goodwill at the end of the – hold on one second, let me take out balance sheet. It should be somewhere in the 515, 520 range. It’s goodwill. There are intangibles most of which are associated with acquisitions but just the pure goodwill element is like I said 515, 520.
Al Neupaver: Okay in summary we had a good performance in the third quarter and we’re expecting to finish the year strong. I want to emphasize longer term we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec performance system which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that managed aggressively through the recession and is now focused on driving for growth initiatives. With that we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Al Neupaver: Okay, but if we wanted to think about a more normalized kind of operating margin we would want to add back 1.4 million in expenses.
Al Neupaver: Well as you know our goal is to continuously improve and apply our Wabtec performance system and the things that we focus on are that we’re looking at sourcing opportunities, we’re looking at making sure we’re manufacturing the lowest cost platform, we’re looking at pricing opportunities, we’re looking at applying the lean manufacturing techniques and these acquisitions that we have, we look to apply that. When you look for margin improvement in the long term, one thing we did is and I mentioned it in the prepared remarks is we aggressively manage through the downturn and we’re still at historically very low levels of railcar build, locomotive builds in the freight market and we’ve been able to rebound in the aftermarket area. As those markets come back volume will also help with the margins. So in addition to volume improvement and applying this Wabtec performance system, we expect to continually improve those margins. If you look at how we handled the margins during the recession with the decline of about at least 10% in volume, we were able to really maintain our margins at a very respectable level and as that volume comes back, we would expect our margin to improve into the future.
Al Neupaver: Keep in mind that the Amsted Faiveley cooperation agreement is really two people that we’ve competed with in the past and that’s Alcon and Amsted both. So it’s not like an introduction of another competitor. We like everyone else has competitors in the marketplace and our focus is on the things we could control and that’s to have the best quality product delivered at the lowest cost and we’ll continue to focus on that. As you can see from my explanation is not a new entrant into the marketplace. They’ve joined forces probably to maybe consider bundling their products a little better and their offerings, something that we’re able to do because we have a large content especially in the freight car area. When you look at the diversity of product that we have and the breath of product that we have right now.
Al Neupaver: Okay, good question Jim. We right now have four completed joint ventures. The first joint venture that we completed is with a company called Changchun Rolling Company which really is the ministry of the railroad and when we first went into China, that was the partner that they suggested we get involved in and they are strictly focused on the freight rail market and we truly are the world leader in that particular area and there’s been a tremendous amount of focus right now on how they improve their freight marketplace and we are the only one that’s really working in that area and that JV is a 50-50 because that is the requirement they have if you’re going to be involved in the government industry there. It is growing nicely, we expect to continue to work with them and develop our products in their market. The second JV was in the freight friction area and that’s a JV that is not really regulated by the Ministry of the railroads since the friction products are considered more of a commodity. This is a company that our Beckwith division had worked with for a long time and had a number of products in their portfolio and we are growing that business in the friction area. The third focus was on the transit area and we have a JV called Golden Bridge that is focused on couplers and other transit products. We started, that JV was completed earlier this year. We have two major orders with Metro in China and also an exported product. The fourth JV is really one that Unifin, the acquisition we made a year ago, a company they had worked with when they were still with Coke that had broken off and we just re-established that opportunity because as you know there is a lot of power generation activity in China and that gives us an opportunity to play in that market. The next couple of JV’s we’re focusing on is another one in the transit area for some of the other products that are not on the portfolio of Golden Bridge and a second thermal management type JV that we’re working on to expand our heat exchanger business. The focus is to grow that business. Right now we have probably in the range of 60 to 70 million dollars of sales in that arena and it will be growing rapidly over the next couple of years. They continued to spend a lot of money not only in transit but also in the freight market and we want to take advantage of that window of opportunity.
Al Neupaver: What Xorail does is they give us a group of engineers that do the design and engineering work and some construction work related to the wayside. Their focus has been in the positive train control area because that’s where a lot of the business is. Joining that up with our capability that we have on the locomotive as well as the back office, we now are involved in what you would consider a system, more of a turnkey type of offering. There are two projects that are out there right now that have funding. One is with Metro Link and another one is with Denver and both of those we will play a role from the PTC side as well as the engineering design side. That’s the kind of opportunities that I’m talking about.
Al Neupaver: As far as orders, what we’re getting right now is still mostly development orders and orders related to testing. We feel that in order to meet the demand of completing the systems in the 2015 timeframe that it’s going to require that hardware and some of the other activities are going to have to start flowing up. We do not have any firm orders related to that.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we’ve been monitoring closely the aftermarket business on the transit side and as you can only go so long with delaying some of the work that you would have and I know that they run down their inventories and they’ve put off whatever they can and they’ve taken some service cuts in order to meet their budgets. We think this is really, we’re seeing a stabilization of that. On the OEM we’ve seen some contracts that they’ve let go to the car builders. We’ll be working to get our portion or some share of the business as well and we expect more of that to happen here into 2011. So we kind of feel that it has bottomed up, it’s stabilized and we also have about half of that business is outside of the US where the marketplace really is not down and up and we continue to make progress in that area as well. So you’ve kind of got the bottoming out of the US aftermarket and the opportunities that exist on a global basis that we talked about and we’re making good progress. We talked about some of the wins that we’ve had. That’s what was really behind the comment that Alvaro made during his prepared remarks.
Al Neupaver: Well, we’ll see. There’s always fluctuations quarter to quarter and we feel that the business has bottomed up but there are fluctuations quarter to quarter. So the long term trend will be up. I can’t comment on what will happen next week or the next three weeks because really depends on larger contracts in transit than it does for the freight markets.
Al Neupaver: The rails are trying to make sure that all the specifications related to the interoperability and their implementation plans are totally accepted and understood so that you don’t get too far down the line and have all the hardware and some of the specifications change. So I think this is in due course the railroads are working very diligently and hard to get these specifications agreed to and we’ll be moving into the testing phase here shortly. Once we’re in the testing phase then we talk about getting our product safety plan approved for the implementation of the vital portion. We already have it on the overlay system. I think it’s a progression of time and we’re working very closely with them. We’re not aware of any technology issue. It’s a matter of making sure that we have the right specifications and protocols and that it’s been tested properly and that’s what we’re going through. Those things never happen as fast as you want but we do expect that this will start ramping up in 2012. If there’s anything I can tell the railroads are spending a lot of time and money on this right now.
Al Neupaver: It’s a complex system. The locomotive portion, the onboard portion of the system, when you talk about the total expenditure you’re talking about 15 to 20% of the total expenditure. So you can almost correlate that to the amount of work and that’s an item that is developed and you install it. The wayside, there is a tremendous amount of work. The revenues that go in that area could be 40 to 50% of the total spend and then you have a communications system and you have an office, a back office dispatch and then there’s also going to be opportunities from installation and maintenance associated with the system. But rest assured in order to get the system started and running you have to start at some point installing the brains of the system which is on the locomotive and get it out there and so would I say it’s in the first inning? No, is it in the middle innings? Yes, it’s definitely not the last innings.
Al Neupaver: On an intermodal car we probably get an additional maybe 30 to 40% more than we would have on the regular car.
Al Neupaver: We obviously, the second quarter numbers were out there in the Q so you should have those and as you can tell even with the volume drop I think that our management team managed those margins quite well and we stay focused on continuing to manage those margins even when we had this business at a lower level. I can’t give you the actual numbers because we haven’t finalized the Q yet. Those will be in there and you can rest assured that the management team is continually focusing on maintaining and improving on our margins.
Al Neupaver: Our aftermarket is generally equal or better than our normal margins as we’ve said before, than our OEM. So if that does get released I think it would be a positive.
Al Neupaver: I think that on the railcar area we gave the 3700 was the delivery. So that’s what we see now. The good news is that the 92 or 9300 of orders placed obviously is a good indication of what’s coming down the road and the fact that the backlog has come up to 19. But keep in mind just in 2008 we were at 59,000 deliveries and if you analyze the 37 that we’re talking about you’re talking 14ish. So when I talk about historical lows this year will be probably the lowest delivery of railcars all the way back to the 1980s. I mean I think it was 17,000 in 2002 timeframe. So it is still that low. The positive is that we are seeing this railcar build pick up and we’re seeing primarily in specialized cars with this intermodal coming up 14%. Obviously there’s been some demand in orders in that area. Of this parked car no one really knows how many stay parked forever and I’m hearing that that could be 100,000 or more. So all the trends are going in the right direction. What we are seeing is I don’t think anyone is acting irrationally out there as far as a railcar builder or they weathered the storm pretty well. They’ve been through that before and they’ve done a great job of managing through it. So I don’t think anyone is going to go out there and be irrational just to get a few orders at this point.
Al Neupaver: We run a asset light business and we’re going to compete in the market. Our goal is to get our costs down and we’re going to get our share of business. Are we going to act irrationally? No.
Al Neupaver: Well I think that the answer is is really taking a look at what we’ve been able to do in our margins with where the business is and I think that to be able to manage through that downturn and continue to have the margins we have, either whether you want to look at gross margins which are – they are as high as they probably ever have been or close to it and the operating margin is high as well. So I think the answer is in the results, not what I could really say to you.
Al Neupaver: Yes. We are – I may use the term, I think I used the term on the summary sheet, something to the effect that we’re very optimistic about the future and we’re pleased about the growth opportunities we see including our profit improvement.
Al Neupaver: There’s a lot of forecast out there but it’s going to probably take a couple of years depending on how many of the parked cars have to come back. What we’re seeing right now, if you track the scrap rates, they’re up there pretty high at 3, 4% of the total fleet. So normal rate if you average everything out you should be between 40, 45,000 car build. Locomotive should be in the 1,000 to 1,200. So we’ve got a good way to go. I think some of this last quarter gives you a little more optimistic view on how long it would take. But one quarter doesn’t make a trend so we’re going to maintain – and I’m not sure the delivery on those orders that come in and we have to understand that as well. So we’re going to remain very cautious but optimistic about the future. The trend is the way we want it right now.
Al Neupaver: It’s kind of spotty. We’re right now working on a plan with the divisions and a few of the divisions are seeing some spot increases. But I’d say overall that the inflation is not out of sight at this point. There are a few products that seem to have a little more power than others. But overall we’re not seeing a major inflationary concern.
Al Neupaver: You have to go back. The number was, I think it came close to it, I think it came within 4 or 5 million dollars. I’d asked Tim to research, he went back five years and I think it is a record for five but I’m not sure beyond and I think there might have been a time it went over that. Maybe that year that they had 80,000 cars or something.
Al Neupaver: Not actuarially speaking I can guarantee you that back then we didn’t have deliveries for 3,500 cars.
Al Neupaver: Well we’ve had as you know a lot of focus on our international expansion it being our number one. The first strategy that we talked about from a strategic thrust standpoint and what we’ve been able to do is we’re growing in those emerging markets, in Australia. We’re growing in China. I gave you some numbers related to China. We started up a business in Brazil and now we have a manufacturing platform. That’s always been a pretty difficult market for us because of the import duty of 35, 36% and now we’re able to localize some of that business and we’re growing there. In the last few years we started up a platform in South Africa. That has really helped us grow. We’re doing business in India as well which is an emerging market and an opportunity in both transit and freight. We’ve got business now in Russia which we didn’t have 12, 18 months ago. So it really is not one area, not one focus, not one product but a tremendous amount of effort on expanding our platform and creating a platform that we could build from instead of just exporting the product and I think that’s been very positive for us.
Al Neupaver: Year to date I think it’s just, because Xorail and Unifin were last year so it’s just – Xorail was this year and GMB and Bock Simpson. So you’re looking at 85 million.
Al Neupaver: Jim it was 93 counting a few small ones that some of the JV’s and stuff. So we’d have to add probably another 8 million that’s part of that – that would get you up to 93.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay. So we should always think about 35% in any benefits that come in, just they come in as they come in.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Just a couple more questions Al if you have some time. Gross profit or even we can focus on operating income and I know you guys get this question all the time, but is there – how should we think about it going forward? Two things, one, what are the things that can help you get that number to move higher and two what are the kind of natural forces that maybe prohibit you from improving the margins going forward.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: So it’s fair to say at this point in time nothing has changed in the competitive environment and you have not seen them do anything irrational in an effort to grab market share.
