Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Alvaro. Considering all the factors, we're off to a good start for the year. Record sales and earnings, excellent margin performance and a backlog at record levels. We are anticipating another record year in 2013 with EPS guidance of about $5.85 and revenue growth of 8% to 10%. We couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see as countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team and a very dedicated workforce. So we're poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in the market conditions. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: We actually we improved our margins in transit during the quarter. You get the benefit of some of the volume related to that, but as you know, and when we talked about it at the last conference call was our focus on that improvement, and I think that focus resulted in some good results, which you'll see. We also have performed well in the freight area as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we have only been able to announce a few of the projects we're working on. There's 21 different transit authorities throughout the country that will need to have some form of PTC in order to operate and share the rail space with the freight people. We've announced work with Metrolink in Denver so far. We are working with most of those transit authorities. A lot of them are struggling to find funding for their programs but they are moving forward with them. I'm hoping that we can announce in the near future some of these contracts that we've signed. The thing I have to tell you though that there's big projects. It depends on the scope of our work. Some of the projects that fit in the turnkey basis could be large, and we could have small content as well. It's just providing the onboard PTC equipment. So we're excited about the opportunity. Right now, I think transit has the $350 million of PTC work makes up about $50 million of that $350 million so far.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that we feel that the growth will come in a number of areas for Freight. One is as the economy recovers, we expect our industrial product, that's part of the Freight Group to improve as the year goes on. We've seen some of that. And I think if you take a look at some of the industrial -- diversified industrial companies, I think most people were talking about that type of recovery as it goes forward. I think the second area is that we expect to see more strength in our international markets as the year goes on as well and some of the opportunities we're working on. The third thing we saw and I'm sure this will be a question, our sales in PTC for the first quarter was about $50 million. What we saw was there was a lot of large purchases towards the last part of last year, so there was a little bit of a holdback, I think, in the first quarter. As we said before we expect that 215 or 220 whatever it was last year to grow by 10% to 15%. So we think we'll see that improvement. And I think if we see the economy improve in general, I think the Freight markets from a car loading standpoint and other impact it would have on this would be positive as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, we stated on the backlog being up at $1.7 billion. And if you break -- Alvaro broke it down, but if you look at it on some percentage basis, about 38% of that backlog for the next 12 months is in Freight and 62% of it is in Transit. So that's probably about normal. The place where we have seen an uptick is really in the industrial part of our business. And we're hoping that's the same. We don't know. So -- and we see slight indications of it, but nowhere near enough to give us confidence to get overly aggressive with our projections.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. And I'm glad that you've just articulated our strategy related to margin. So we must be communicating well. That's good. But if you take a look at the first quarter, I think it's a good indication, and we talk a lot about how we approach it, and it is continuous improvement. But when -- it's the times when you see some of the revenue backing off that we really heightened our activities in those areas and focus on that. When you don't have volume that tends to cover some of your problems and wounds, you really have to focus on the fundamentals of improving margins. And I think the Wabtec Performance System and I think Ray Betler, our Chief Operating Officer and his team really do a good job on focusing on those things. It's savings from sourcing, savings from our lean applications and manufacturing, increased pricing, moving products from high-cost platforms to low-cost platforms. And we have a very rigid budgeting process that ask each of our divisions to come in with improvements year-on-year. And I think that yes, it's going to get incrementally more difficult to improve our margins but I think the one thing that we're going to focus on is how we continue to do that no matter what the market conditions are.
Albert J. Neupaver: I can explain to you that when every division comes in with their plan, it's a number that is much large than we expect to end up at the bottom line. As a matter of fact, they need to have actions that would improve by about 2%. But we know we're not going to get 2% falling through the bottom line. We've got inflation. We've got wage increases. We've got issues that are going to exist. If you look at any point in time, yes, you can predict a number. But over time, it's going to get incrementally harder. So I'd hate to say that we're going to increase by 0.5 or 50 basis points each year because next year, it's going to be more difficult to do that. So we really focus on trying to identify action items that will result in margin improvement and making sure that some of that flows to the bottom line. If you look at our contribution margin in the quarter, it's very high in the incremental sales. And the reason it's high is because those results were driven to the bottom line.
Albert J. Neupaver: The one thing, and you bring up a good point, Tom, that I didn't mention. When you look at that margin improvement in light of the fact that we had a large shift of business going to transit, which is traditionally a lower margin business, I think it really is a good reflection on how hard our team worked to improve margins during the quarter. Right now, we still feel that the Freight business will be larger than the Transit business for the year. Although the numbers right now are 50-50, we would expect our year result to be Freight being a larger portion of our business. And I don't know if I really want to go on beyond that and give you numbers. But I can tell you that our plan shows that being larger than Transit for the year.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think just how we performed in the first quarter is a good indication of the future. And if Freight is higher, then the comparison gets easier.
Albert J. Neupaver: I really don't think so. I think that the reduction in coal maybe -- I don't think so. I don't think weather was a major factor, Tom. But one thing that does happen during the winter, you get a lot more maintenance related to breakdowns if it's a very severe winter. I'm not sure it was that severe compared to others, but it is -- that's amplified when you consider the weight of the coal cars in the winter. So there may be effect there, but I don't think we were able to measure anything from the market data that we looked at.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The industrial side of our business is about 15% of the total. The markets that we focus in primarily -- we have a number of markets. Remember, our strategy is to take existing technology, existing products and try to take those into new markets to help diversify our portfolio. We definitely don't want to be a major force and get out of the rail business. We love the rail business. It's a compelling business. It's a long-term growth story. The mega trends, all the things we talk about. But if we could take our technology and we could take our products and sell in other markets without distracting our management. We don't want to go into something we don't understand. So the things we do understand is thermal management. We understand friction and a few other areas, and those are the areas we concentrate on. Of that marketplace for thermal management the 2 areas that we've been able to grow in is one is gen sets. Gen set market is driven a lot by the drilling and the frac-ing work that's going on, and that has slowed down considerably. I think if you look at the Caterpillar results and their discussion, you would sense that. That market is a global market. Half of our market is outside of the U.S. in thermal management. We also focus on power generation, primarily, aftermarket in the U.S. and on OEM new construction and some of the emerging markets. And the winter time is a slow period for power generation aftermarket work. That should pick up. And hopefully, the demand for electricity will continue to grow, which we know it will over time, but there's lapses sometimes in that growth. So that's probably a pretty good summary of that business area and what we see and what we're looking for.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. It's about the overall freight number when you put everything together. A couple of the business are better, and a couple are worse.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. On an international basis, it is a driver. We have continued to have acceptance of that product in Australia. South Africa was actually the first application of that product even before Australia. And what they're doing, they're getting the results. They're getting efficiencies. They're getting productivity improvements from it. And what they've done is they decided to add to their fleet more ECP-equipped cars. And that's what's happened in Australia. We were just visiting South America, and we're starting to see pilots being run there. They see the same advantages. The large opportunity, obviously, would be an acceptance in the U.S. market, which I think are years off because their priorities of capital are in other areas right now, including the PTC and their infrastructure build. In the U.S., there's a different model. When you talk about the easy application in Australia or South Africa, Brazil, you're talking about unit trains, trains that go from the port to the mine and back and forth. And they don't have the problem of having a train that is partially equipped. A partially equipped ECP train is useless. You won't get the advantage. The other problem is who pays for it and who gets the advantage. In those mining countries, the mining companies own the railcars and the trains, and thus, they pay for it, and they get the advantage. So I think the complexity of that marketplace in the U.S. prevent it from becoming more accepted in the U.S. But I think over time, you have a product that would advance the technology, would advance the efficiency, productivity and safety of the railroads. And I think it will get adopted. It will just take a long time.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's included in the guidance. The -- one of the issues that you have, even with the order intake of 23,000, I think it was for the first quarter 23,900, they could only produce at full capacity 6,000 or 7,000, as you just stated, tank car capacity. So these orders really get -- they're being placed for far out. I know that everyone's trying to add capacity to meet the demand on the tank cars. So is there a possibility that, that capacity increase? And I know that most of the tank car builders are trying to do that right now. That could be an upside, but that is not figured into our guidance.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I don't think there's anything that's out of the ordinary of what we're seeing in the mix within each segment. Well, obviously, the segment change has an impact that we've more than been able to overcome.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We were just there. So that was one of the reasons for our visit to Brazil, and the project is going well. Late this month, early May, we will commence a pilot. We have individual trains right now running. This will be a series of trains that will be in the pilot. If that pilot is successful, and we would expect that this project will continue and be complete early 2014. As far as there is additional work that could be done with this particular railroad, there's a couple more lines that, I think, could be equipped. I think a lot of that depends on whether they'd equip it, the timing of doing that work. I'm confident that they get the benefits that we think they're going to get, and I think they're seeing some of it already. I think that what you would see, they'd eventually do it. But that's going to depend on the demand that will need to continue to be driven by iron ore and coal demand from some of the emerging countries like China. The value of that, if they did all the work that they need to do, it would be equivalent to another maybe $80 million of additional work. We're also hoping that other people will see the benefits once we have this up and running in 2014, and we'd be able to talk to other railroads about the system.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We're pretty active right now. The pipeline is starting to move a lot better. It started out a little slow at the beginning of the year because there's a lot of transactions forced by the uncertainty related to tax laws, but we've seen a lot of activity right now. Pricing has strengthened because there's a lot more people with cash looking for ways to grow. So it's become more competitive.
Albert J. Neupaver: There's a lot of activity by others to try to be involved in the PTC potential. There's a lot of areas related to it. I think that a number of companies try to work on an onboard solution. There's other companies that are working on the back-office products. They're typically good companies, so we stay abreast of any progress but not a lot of change from when we last talked. So -- but there are other people involved, and there's plenty out there, plenty of opportunity, and there is plenty of work to be done to get this interoperable by the year 2015 or beyond if it is extended.
Albert J. Neupaver: One thing that I understand is that you would've expected with the Tier 4 requirement that there would been a large push to buy locomotives. But I think that with the two factors that are impacting the railroads, one is coal and the other is grain, that they don't need as many locomotives. So I think they're waiting and seeing what happens with the economy now. Whether there'll be a big push before that expiration or not, we don't know. We're personally involved in upgrading some locomotives for Toronto Transit, GO Transit, I think they changed their name to Metrolink. And we're actually doing some Tier 4. I think we'll deliver the first Tier 4 locomotive in the country to Toronto here this year. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag, and I think it's probably something that wasn't predicted.
Albert J. Neupaver: Norfolk Southern, like the other Class 1 railroads right now, are working very closely with us on getting an interoperable system. As you stated, Scott, I mean, we do have an operating system, ETMS, that has been running and will continue to run on BNSF. And BNSF is moving in, I think, in a good direction. So they expect to ask for product safety plan being approved by the FRA probably before the other groups, but they would also need to be integrated into the interoperable system. All the Class 1s that we're working with right now, where they're at is they're doing a lot of what you would call testing of the system, lab testing to make sure that software is working real well. We're finalizing some of the software changes. Hopefully, all those will be in place by summer. If it is and the specification is known, I think you'll see that the railroads will then go into a pilot test, actually start running trains, utilizing the system and then continuing their efforts. When you look at their spend, their spend there is in a lot of different areas. And thus far, if you look at the total spend, I think the railroads -- if you add it all together, and I think this is public, they spent probably $2.5 billion so far on PTC, $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion. And they expect to spend upwards of $8 billion. So there's a -- that would show about 30% progress on what they plan to spend. But if you look at the amount of work that's been done so far in the locomotive, the onboard, next to the only part that we actually report on, it probably have about 6,000 or 7,000. Another 18,000 to 20,000 locomotives have some portion of being equipped with the onboard computer. Some of them are just provisional kits. The equivalent in number would be 4,000 to 4,500 locomotives, which is about 25% of the weight done. If you look at the number of wayside switches that need to be adapted, again, they're -- they probably have touched maybe 8,000 or 9,000 out of 40,000, so they're 20% to 25% along. And so I think that the $200 million is, if you look at the various roads, I think most of them have identified spending somewhere in that area as well. Hopefully, that answers your question, Scott.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Based on what we're seeing, it's going to improve, grow year-on-year. I think it's going to have to be back-end loaded since the first quarter is only 50. So I think that's what we should see.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Most of our comments were related to 2012 first quarter to first quarter 2013 because that's the comparison that we need to make. If you look at fourth quarter to first quarter, freight was down about 12%, I think, is the number. And more of that was really due to decreased demand on locomotive content, not necessarily railcar content, because we still delivered 12,000, as you said, in the fourth quarter as the first quarter. We also saw some slowdown in the higher generation and gen set areas from fourth to first. And we also saw some slight decrease on freight demand on an international basis, which we think is only temporary.
Albert J. Neupaver: As you know, I mean, they're under some really strong recessionary pressures. But the transit market has maintained good stability throughout this. And the freight markets are down, but we've made some good progress in introducing some of our new products into that market. So for us, it's actually been a little bit of a gain.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you in July. Is that right? Yes. Okay. Talk to you then. Bye-bye.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. I'll take the last one first there, Scott. I'm not really -- obviously, we're in a very, very favorable interest rate environment, one that, after a certain point in time, you probably won't see. And I think our primary focus right now is how we refinance the bonds going forward. For the benefit of the people on the call, to just put everybody on the same page with you, we had about $150 million worth of debt that we have in public bonds that will mature in around July, and we're taking a look at different alternatives, and we haven't really made a final decision yet on what we're going to do. But our primary focus is on that refinancing and how we can take advantage of -- take maximum advantage of the current low interest rate, but we're not really itching to do anything. We -- in terms of acquisitions, in terms of how we spend, we're still very, very selective. We still have very tight standards for spending. And just because we have the flexibility, just because we have the gunpowder, doesn't mean that we feel pressure to use it. In terms of leverage, our cash flow, obviously, we focus various heavily on cash flow, and we still have that LPO mentality back from the 1990s. And so we feel comfortable with more debt. And if we had to get it up to a level 2, even 2.5, which is starting to stretch where we feel comfortable with, we feel comfortable with that. So in summary, we have the gunpowder, and we have the ability to leverage up and to do more, but we're going to be very selective about it. We're just not going to, like you say, to satisfy an itch and go on do something just to do something.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The nice thing is that, that backlog does provide really a large amount of stability going forward. Typically, your visibility with freight is not that great, but now with this backlog, when there are capacity, that gives you some more visibility going forward, and it lends a higher degree of stability to that market, I think, than you'd normally expect. So overall, it's positive.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And you've alluded to, Kristine, we do -- which helps us when material costs are going up, we typically do have surcharges when they're going down. We don't get that much of -- we don't get too much of a benefit, obviously, because the surcharges go both ways. So I don't expect -- it would be nice, but I don't expect to get a whole lot of headwind from the raw material costs going down.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Not really, and it doesn't in two respects, Liam. Because long term, we were holding that cash there basically to utilize it. We think that in the countries where we are currently accumulating cash, there are opportunities present there. And so hopefully, over time, obviously, you can't predict acquisitions. You have to be opportunistic; you take them as they come. But hopefully over time, we'll be able to use that, utilize that cash locally to make acquisitions, to make CapExes, et cetera, et cetera. So it's not just being trapped there. We actually expect to be able to use it. In terms of does that limit our financial flexibility, not really. I mean, I haven't done the calculation the last couple of days, but typically, without the cash worth by 1x EBITDA, debt to cash flow may be a little bit above maybe 1:1 in the quarter, and that still provides us an amount -- a significant amount of flexibility. So we don't feel constrained by having that cash abroad at all. And again, hopefully, over time, we'll be able to use it very well.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Share repurchase. I'll take just the second one because that's relatively easy. The way our quiet periods work, we are virtually in a quiet period for most of the quarter because we didn't release fourth quarter until late February, and then we start a quiet period shortly thereafter. So we were in a quiet period for most of the quarter, so we did not buy back any shares. In terms of shareholders' equity, and again, this is subject to final adjustments and reclasses, et cetera, et cetera. But our total shareholders' equity is about $1.326 million at -- I'm sorry, $1.331 million. I forgot minority interest. I heard a couple of moans when I said that. I figured I was reading the wrong line. It's $1.331 million as of March 31.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Quarter-to-quarter last year to this year Q1-to-Q1, acquisitions added about $40 million of total revenues.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it will be slightly -- I expect it to be 32% for the, say, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, which will give you a slightly lower rate -- overall rate for the year. Again, that's a rough estimate. These things can fluctuate. But right now, that's our best guess.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It's mostly -- some of it is due to acquisitions, obviously, when you're just looking at raw receivables balances. Some of it is due to the acquisition of Napier in the interim, and the rest is pretty much timing, Steve. We're fortunate in the sense that large, large, large proportion of our customers are pretty creditworthy. Like everybody else, we may have a receivable issue now and then, but for the most part, they are pretty solid.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: There is a little bit of building up on transit because, again, the lead times in transit tend to be longer than the lead times on freight. And typically in transit, you get this at end of the month. We're trying to get inventory out of there, and they try to send inspectors in because they will inspect it actually before it leaves, and sometimes there's a little bit of -- they missed the end of the month because they can't get the investors in -- I'm sorry, the inspectors in before the end of the month. So it's a little bit of transit, a little bit of acquisitions, a little bit of sourcing from low-cost sources abroad, which, again, you take title to that, as soon as it leaves their port. So while it's in transport, it's in our inventory balance, and then you have to order larger quantities. And in general, it's a little bit of increased activity. It's all 4. Having said that, and you heard Karl-Heinz is in the room. Karl-Heinz is one of those that we constantly talk to him about working capital and receivables and inventory. So I'm glad you brought up the point because, hopefully, he will take the message home, and he will relay it to the troop how concerned investors are about it.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, you can actually go see the -- where all these fall in by the 10-K and the segment description in the front.
Steve Barger: Just a couple of quick ones. The receivables increase on the balance sheet, was that due to timing, or are there any customers that are delaying payment? Just kind of any color there.
Steve Barger: And the brake products, the manufacturing, specialty products and electronics, those categories there.
Steve Barger: Oh, that's -- okay, great. That's -- I just have a list in my model, but I don't have the description.
