Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Al, and good morning, everyone. We're proud of the results for this quarter, and I'm pleased to be able to review them with you today.  Our sales for the first quarter were a record $583 million, 28% higher than last year. Of this increase, about 70% was from organic growth. Freight Group sales were up about 50%, with most of that coming from internal growth initiatives, as well as rebounding markets, primarily here in the States and in North America.  Aftermarket growth was mainly from expanding our PTC revenues and our service revenues as well. But however, OEM sales were up 60% as well from increasing demand for components for new locomotives and freight cars, locomotives sales in Australia and the acquisition of Bearward that Al mentioned as well.  Transit Group sales for the most part were pretty stable, as acquisitions and higher aftermarket revenues mostly offset higher -- I'm sorry, mostly offset slightly lower OE sales. Our OE sales were higher last year because of a large locomotive order, which was in process in Q1. Some of this capacity in our locomotive manufacturing facility was shifted to Freight this year for the orders in Australia, which are classified as Freight.  In terms of income from operations, we had a strong performance this quarter, with a record $94 million of profit. This was up 42% compared to last year. Operating margin was 16.1% versus 14.6% last year.  Margin performance -- the increasing margin performance was driven by several factors: Higher sales volume, a favorable product mix with more freight sales and benefits from the Wabtec Performance System, as Al discussed.  SG&A increased due mainly to acquisitions and other factors, but it was 10.6% of sales compared to 12% of sales in the year-ago quarter, demonstrating the benefit of leverage as well as our cost reduction efforts.  Interest and other was about the same. Interest expense was about the same. There's a minor item in other expense, which was mostly due to paper FX translation losses.  The effective tax rate was about 34.4%, a little less than last year. That rate will fluctuate, but for modeling purposes, you can expect it to be somewhere around 34% going forward.  Cash from operations and working capital. Cash from operations in the first quarter was only $1 million, which was lower than what you might expect. This result was due to a couple of factors. Primarily, it was due to increases in receivables and inventories due to our sharply higher sales, but also, we had the negative effect of funding year-end items in the first quarter, such as incentive comp, federal and state taxes, benefit payments and other associated liabilities. If you look back to prior years, you'll see that cash from operations in the first quarter is usually sequentially low for these reasons, and then it tends to increase in the succeeding quarters.  Working capital, as I mentioned, increased in the first quarter. Receivables were $396 million, up about $50 million from last year, from the year end. Inventories were $371 million, up $23 million. One item that affects inventories, and it's affecting it more and more, is our expansion of sourcing programs into other low-cost countries outside of North America. This causes inventory balances, obviously, to increase due to lead ordering times and shipping. However, we think there are still plenty of opportunities to reduce working capital, and we've initiated some new programs which we think will help. Obviously, this is a continuing target for us, and we'd like to reduce some of these balances going forward. Cash, we still have very healthy balances at March 31. We had about $269 million in cash compared to $286 million at year end, and debt, total debt, we had $386 million on March 31 compared to $396 million at year end.  A few of the other miscellaneous items we cover as part of the discussion here. Depreciation was $7.1 million compared to $7.4 million in last year's quarter. Amortization was pretty stable, $3.1 million in both quarters. And CapEx was $10.2 million versus $7.4 million last year. For the year, we had CapEx of about $44 million versus -- I'm sorry, for this year, we're expecting CapEx of about $44 million versus $38 million last year.  In terms of backlog, we have another record multiyear and 12-month backlog, so backlogs continue to increase. The multiyear backlog, which is the total backlog, was up 3% compared to year end. This was a total of $1.6 billion. In Transit, $895 million, which was the highest in 4 years. In Freight, it was $694 million. Then the rolling 12-month backlog, which is the backlog that we expect to execute in the next 12 months, was up 10% compared to year end. A total record of $1.2 billion; in Transit, again, another record of $598 million, almost $600 million; and in Freight, $577 million, the second highest ever.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al for a quick summary.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think that I mentioned that we expect about $44 million this year versus about -- let me check just to make sure. But I think...
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think relatively speaking, Steve, Q2 will be relatively flat, relatively stable, in comparison to Q1 in terms of freight production. Like Al mentioned, and you know you've mentioned as well, the freight market is stabilizing, which actually, we think is a positive because it was -- they were basically ordering at an unsustainable rate before, and it's nice to see them go down to a nice level ordering pattern. So we actually view that as a positive, and we see relatively stable revenues Q2 to Q1.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, international was about 50% for Q1 of '12, and that's pretty stable, again. In the fourth quarter of '11, it was about 47%. Last year, it was about 51% in the first quarter. So it's hovering right around that 50% level.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Actually, I can give you a lot of details, I think. And we're doing a lot of work, and somehow it ended up on my plate. But basically, what we're trying to do is do a micro-level effort on a unit-by-unit basis and trying to determine why working capital may increase or why working capital is not at an optimum level and what we can do to get it there. And what we're trying to do, again, it's a very detailed answer, but this is what we're trying to do. What we're trying to do on a unit-by-unit basis is determine what their optimal working capital balances should be. And obviously, with the number of operating units that we have and the variety of markets we serve, each one's going to be different. But each one should have an optimal working capital level, and then we're going to try to drive each unit to that working capital level. And it's going to take some time. It's not going to be an overnight success. But we believe over time it should reduce working capital balances and strengthen our cash flow, which obviously is a key component of our success.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay. In terms of shareholders' equity, I'll take the easy one and leave the other ones for Al. It was about $1.24 billion. Obviously, that may be subject to some minor adjustments when we release the Q, but right now, that's the preliminary number.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let me put a slightly different slant on it, Tom. If you compare the first quarter of '12 to Q4 of '11, we only had about $11 million of incremental revenues from acquisitions. So what happens if you make one midway through the prior year and as you go through the succeeding year, the incremental difference, obviously, decreases. So I think you're going to see that most from that 15% is organic. So again, just from the Q4 last year to Q1 this year, we only had about $11 million of acquisitions -- I'm sorry revenue from acquisitions.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, and that's what I alluded to in my comments, Thomas, as well, because we have a certain capacity to build locomotives. Sometimes that can be Freight, as it was in this quarter when we delivered freight locomotives to Australia. And in other times, that can be Transit when we deliver locomotives for transit agencies. So you can see a switch back and forth, and it's not really that the business is increasing or decreasing. It's just that you're having a slight switch in some of these from Transit to Freight and vice versa.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Basically, what happens with amortization is as you have acquisitions, you basically have to write up intangibles in connection with those acquisitions. So it's hard to give a number without being able to forecast acquisitions, obviously. But given where we are right now, you should see -- it should be relatively stable to a gradual decrease as some of these assets are fully amortized and taken off the books. But for modeling purposes, I think you can assume the current number with maybe a slight decrease, 5% to 10% maybe, or something like that, not a whole lot. And then you might have to recalculate when we do the next acquisition, assuming it's a substantial size.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we're off to a strong start for the year, with record sales and earnings, good margin performance and a record backlog. Our 2012 guidance is now, for EPS at $4.80 on revenue growth of about 15%. Longer-term, we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see ahead. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that has truly taken advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: That's the number that we have. That's the assumption that we've made for our guidance. That's correct, Art.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think -- I chose the word when, in my prepared remarks carefully, and that is "stabilized." I think that the market is stabilizing. When you look at first quarter to first quarter, last year there was an anomaly in that 36,000 were ordered. This year, it's around 12,000. Last quarter it was 16,000. So the backlog, with deliveries around 17,000, it did drop by about a little over 4,000 cars. From my standpoint and what we know, we think it's basically stabilized. And if you look at the rate of deliveries, that would -- I'm sure that's the reason why you asked the first question. If you analyzed the 17,000, you'd get a lot more than the 15,000 we're talking about. So I think the market's stabilized. I don't think it's anything more than that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've continually talked about continuous improvement, and that's how we view our approach to margins. Just to refresh everyone's memory, when we go into our budgeting session, we ask every division to do 2 things. One, they're asked to take a look at their current margin and develop a plan that would allow for margin expansion. The typical goal would be about 2%. We realize that the whole 2% is never going to flow to the bottom line, if we get maybe 0.5% of it, because you've got inflation, you've got wage increases, you've got other issues that all impact that. But if we could get a small increase in margin from each of the 45 reporting divisions, then you add it up and the end result is that we continuously improve. If you'd take a look back to 2005, 2006, the operating margin, which we like to focus on, was in the, maybe the 10%, 11% range, and now we've broken the 16% operating margin range. And we hope that we could continue to improve that. That's why I really focused on the Wabtec Performance System today a little bit because that's the result of it. So a lot of little things. There's no one drastic change, there's no one fundamental change in our business structure. It's just trying to continuously to do, get rid of waste and the things I've talked about.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it has to do with conservatism. I don't know if it's conservatism about the economy. I think it's more about our conservatism. And when you look at the performance in the first quarter, we did hit on all cylinders, as we said. And it is the first quarter, and we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Albert J. Neupaver: We did see the impact because of the warm winter. And if you look at first quarter 2012 aftermarket for Freight, it was about 52% of our sales. This year, it was 47%. But some of that because we had so much growth in some of the OE markets. But we did see an impact. That's normally our best quarter of the year for our Global Services group, and we saw the impact that there just wasn't as much traffic related to coal in the warm weather. When it's colder, there's a lot more damage and repair that is necessary.
Albert J. Neupaver: We continue to make progress. We -- I think, last time we talked about some of the orders that we landed. We have a small order that we received. It's going to go on the transit system in Warsaw. It's a Siemens project. We've been actively quoting on some of the new platforms. We've got continued component sales. We're pleased that we're making progress. We'd like to make a little more progress faster, but I think it's going to take time, as we've always said, in order to penetrate that market. And we're pretty happy with where we're at today.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, and keep in mind that the $250 million to $500 million was related to onboard equipment only. We talk about 3 different areas of PTC revenue. One is from the onboard computer, and that's really where we got the $250 million to $500 million. And last time, we actually went through this on the call, but I'll try to do it again for you if I could find my PTC files. Basically, the 3 component market segments we talked about was the U.S. freight railroad opportunity, $250 million to $500 million. The second was the U.S. freight opportunity from transit agencies. And keep in mind that we've already announced that we have 2 major contracts, one for -- I think it's $63 million at Denver, and Metrolink Los Angeles, $27 million. A third component of that number is the PTC market internationally, and we had inked the contract for the MRS railroad in Brazil for $165 million. And we've been actually getting revenues from that. I think of the $50 million, $15 million of that was related -- in the first quarter, related to the PTC sales. So when we talk about $250 million to $500 million, I just want to remind everyone that, that wasn't the total, using your term, guidance, or opportunity. The opportunity was larger than that. It's just separated into those 3 segments.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the railroads have put out numbers relative to PTC. And I can't remember the exact numbers on each of them, But they don't expect the number to be that much greater this year than it was last year, and it would go up in '13 and '14.
Albert J. Neupaver: The only thing we see is quarter 3 is normally our weakest quarter. Other than that, that's the only seasonality that we would expect.
Albert J. Neupaver: Some of the things that we were able to book were related primarily to locomotives in the Transit area, and that's what's driving that backlog.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We don't expect the Transit to pick up until the second half. Most of that backlog will start flowing out in the third, with the fourth quarter being the strongest. When you look at the growth, we still think we're going to get growth in both segments. The Freight segment will be much -- we'll get more growth from the Freight segment than we will from Transit. But Transit will grow during 2012.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think for that segment of our PTC revenues, you're exactly right. What we've seen so far is that there's been some ordering for the onboard equipment, but they've got a long way to go to outfit the 18,000 to 20,000 locomotives. I would think right now that probably no more than maybe 3,000 or 4,000 cars have been equipped or locomotives have been equipped.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's going to tied to the Highway Bill, if anything. I think there's still a lot of fact-finding going on right now because of the statements that were made, and they're trying to determine exactly where -- how much progress has been made and how far along we are. There's a lot of work being done to get this done by the deadline. No one has quit their effort to try to do that. And I think any kind of delay is going to be more of a political type of decision if this Transportation Bill ever gets passed.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we stay still very focused on acquiring companies. We're definitely going to continue to be very particular about the companies we acquire, and we're going to be opportunistic and make sure it's a good strategic fit for us. And I'm sure you will see additional acquisitions into the future.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, what we've seen in China is that -- well, let me give you a little bit of data that maybe this will help shed some light on it. But if you look at what they spent in railway infrastructure construction, railway area, in 2010. In 2011, they cut that back by 42%. When you go from '11 to '12, they're going to cut it back another 15%. But that number is still $63 billion equivalent, okay. The U.S., if we're lucky, out of the spend, it's around $10 billion for the U.S. transit market. So you could see that their investment is still huge and there's a good opportunity there. Now their investment is down in that area. They also have lowered the speed of the trains that they were running at, I think it was 300 kilometers per hour, they've lowered that down closer to the 200 kilometers per hour. The impact that's had on us is that we sell a lot of friction products in that market. So if they run the trains slow, we see less usage of the friction products. The expenditures in the Transit area as well as the Freight area continued to go at a pretty high pace, and we still see opportunities for growth in that market. As the corruption problem and the issues they have, have an impact and made them reset some of their goals and objectives, yes, as I tried to explain in the investment area. But it's still a massive market with a great opportunity, and we're in a position to hopefully continue to take advantage of that opportunity.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's been tough. You have to really be selective and it's in areas where you really are offering a product and a benefit that the customer sees the value in that. But the market has been tough to get those price increases. That's why we need to be so disciplined on the cost side, especially when you look at the commodity inflation changes in some of the cases we've seen in the last year or 2 years.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. We don't have any 2012 ridership numbers. The numbers I gave are all 2011. [indiscernible] And the locomotive build is 1,200 units this year compared to 1,100 in 2011.
Albert J. Neupaver: Quarter-on-quarter, we had -- 28% of our growth was related to acquisitions, okay. That's first quarter '11 to first quarter '12. We only had -- if you look at our acquisitions that we had, last year, there was one in the first quarter that would not be included at all in the 15% basically. We had 2 smaller ones that were maybe $15 million apiece. The only one that would contribute much to the 15% growth is the Bearward, which was maybe $70 million, and we closed that in the fourth quarter. So some of that is in that 15% growth. Obviously, there's no new acquisitions in that number. So really, the only -- I would think that we're going to be seeing mostly internal growth, will be very similar as we look quarter-to-quarter as we go forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think one thing that you've got to be careful in Transit, we have a lot of big contracts and we get some locomotive orders that will come through in a particular quarter. And that's some of the things that will drive some of the revenue that we'll see in the third and fourth quarters.
Albert J. Neupaver: If you look at our Transit revenue over the last couple of years, it really has been pretty stable, within a 10% range or so.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, non-rail makes up about 15% of our revenues. They're performing quite well. There's been a lot of activity and growth. As you know, the Bearward acquisition was part of that non-rail group. They produce heat exchangers that are sold in the power generation area and that has been -- we've seen some nice growth in that particular area. We've seen growth in some of our friction applications outside of rail as well, so it is contributing to our growth and success.
Albert J. Neupaver: ECP continues to be making tremendous progress in Australia and is under test in the Brazilian market, as well. I think on the U.S., with all the investments that's being required by PTC in other areas, there has been -- although they still run the pilot trains, there's not been a lot of enthusiasm to go beyond that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, any time you have an installed base of whether it's electromechanical device, electronic device or mechanical device, there's going to be a certain amount of follow-through in service and aftermarket opportunity. And a lot of electronic aftermarket, if you use a thumb rule [ph], it usually is a higher percentage of the installed base. So this particular installed base that we'll have at the end of this program should be able to generate revenue for years to come.
Albert J. Neupaver: When we put out the pre-announcement, we had not received all the forecasts from various divisions. And once we got everything in and took a strong look at it, with the given earnings increase that we had a better view of, we thought it was prudent to increase the revenues proportionally. And I think that has a lot to do with what you would expect in the future quarters relative to margin and growth. And there is some conservatism that's built into those numbers.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, the one correlation is that we are in the transit markets. And when you look at mass transit and ridership, there is a direct correlation between the price of gasoline and the number of people that choose to use mass transit versus utilizing their own vehicle to get to their place of work or even to any kind of trip they're making. So that's the correlation there. The other correlation to the price of gas would be the price of oil, and locomotives are big users of oil, diesel fuel, but trucks are a lot less efficient than a railroad. So you also see some of the freight being transferred from trucks because of the high price of diesel fuel to the railroad. So there is a correlation between the 2, sir. Any other questions, Thomas? Okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Well, we thank you very much for the participation and look forward to talking to you in a few months.
