Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtec's second quarter 2021 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO Rafael Santana, CFO Pat Dugan, Chief Technology Officer, Eric Gebhardt and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation along with our earnings release, financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today, and they can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to question. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call. I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Irene . Thank you to everyone participation today. We look forward to talking with you and speaking with you through the quarter. Thank you. Have a great day.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine, and good morning everyone. Let's begin on slide 4. We delivered a strong second quarter as noted by our sales growth, adjusted margin and adjusted earnings per share, each of which were up sequentially and year-over-year. Total sales for the quarter were $2 billion driven by growing demand in freight services, components and transit, but offset by weakness in the North America OEM market. Adjusted operating margin was 15.2% driven by ongoing lean initiatives, cost actions and the realization of synergies. Total cash flow from operations was $223 million. This takes the year-to-date cash from operations to $515 million versus $229 million a year ago. It's a solid illustration of how the team is driving good operational performance and focused working capital management. Cash conversion for the year is over 100%. Our year-to-date book-to-bill continues to be a positive story. We ended the first half of the year, greater than one and we have a strong order pipeline for international locomotives. Total backlog at the end of the quarter was $21.5 billion providing strong visibility into 2021 and beyond. Finally, we ended second quarter with adjusted EPS of $1.06, up 22% year-over-year. In the area of synergies we are on track to achieve our full run rate of $250 million this year and we are feeling the benefits of our footprint consolidation and aggressive actions on structural costs. So overall, really strong execution by the team as we continue to deliver on our long-term strategy. I am confident that with strong execution, focused cost measures, our team's drive on productivity and continued improvements in our end markets, we will continue to deliver long-term profitable growth. Now let's turn in to slide 5. To discuss a few of our recent business highlights starting with our strategic partnership we recently announced with CSX.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat and shifting our focus to markets on slide 11. We are continuing to see good signs of recovery. While the trough in the OE North American market remains, we are seeing sequential improvement in freight rail volumes.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Eric. You had a great example of how we're driving breakthrough technology investments in scalable and sustainable products that will position Wabtec and the industry for long-term profitable growth. Let's turn to our final slide. Everything we've outlined today reinforces our strategy to accelerate long-term profitable growth. That strategy is based on our expansive install base, deep expertise, innovation and breakthrough initiatives and scalable technologies, rigorous operations, continuous improvement culture and disciplined capital allocation. I'm proud of the strong execution by the team in the second quarter despite a still challenging environment. As we go forward, we will continue to lean into the strong fundamentals of the company to execute on synergies, drive margin expansion, generate strong cash flow and deliver long-term profitable growth. As we've said before Wabtec's mission holds a larger purpose to move and improve the world. After demonstrating strong performance in the first half of '21. I'm confident that the company will continue to deliver and lead the transition to a more sustainable future. We look forward to sharing more on the company technologies in our long-term vision in the fourth quarter when we plan to host an Investor Day. More information on this will be shared shortly. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of our discussion.
Rafael Santana: Yes, so Justin and I'll start with the second quarter. I think the team has been able to really overcome. I think some of the headwinds that we had referred to in terms of supply chain and there are some significant challenges in India. So I think we've executed better than what we had expected, which is good, helps us derisk any elements of the second half of the year and really we feel like we're very much on track to continue margin expansion into the second half of the year. So, I think some of the guidance change really reflects I think an improved environment ahead. I think we've certainly seen that with, I'll call a number of our end markets certainly internationally. We're continuing to see on parking locomotives and freight cars. So, if you look at freight cars, the numbers we're looking at it for now in the year are better than what we have guided earlier on.
Rafael Santana: Sure. So like you said, our pipeline of deals continues to strengthen. You will continue to see the backlog expansion. This is the highest backlog we've had since second quarter and we have a stronger pipeline that we are working on. We've had a number of significant international equipment deals that are under negotiation and starting to see some of those convert. First one you saw was here in South America, but we've got some of those really cutting across, we see it in Asia, in specific in Australia, Russia, CIS, to a large extent. I would say tied to commodity exports that have really strengthened for some of our key customers with growing demand in mining. I think -- So the internationally. That's really I think something that's playing out across.
Rafael Santana: Well, first let me just start with -- you're going to see margin expansion into the year across both segments. I think we've been very specific with regards to transit that doesn't change. As you go into the second half of the year we expect over 50 basis points of margin improvement versus the first half of the year. And with that I want to highlight, you will continue to see variation in specific quarters. I mean those are tied to timing of projects, they could be time, they could be associated with mix. If you look at it year-over-year. certainly transit is growing faster than the rest of the portfolio and within transit certainly OE is growing at much faster rate. There's also elements of how under absorption plays along the year. So as we look at it, there is an element of sometimes locomotive deliveries versus what the build plan is for the year. So overall, committed to really deliver on margin improvements for the year and better than what we guided early in the year.
Rafael Santana: Yes, well two things. I'll start with our customers continue to be focused on efficiency, productivity and safety, which is what digital is all about. We continue to see a strong commitment there. Our book-to-bill was strong in the past three quarters, well above one. As you mentioned, I think we've seen some significant progress internationally on expanding our penetration. A good example is PTC as you mentioned. We're now executing it in three different countries outside the US, we've got a number of other countries where we are discussing the opportunity. I think one of the things I would highlight about the business. This has been largely as you're looking at the past transactional business. So if the locomotive order drop, you would see really pressure to revenues on our digital electronics segment. Our teams continue to take steps to further drive what I call, recurring revenues in the business. We expect some of these multi-year orders to continue and I think a big chunk of the focus for this year is to drive convertability for the business and improve the forecast for the year. But largely committed; this is a significant element of how we are also going to do this energy transition with battery electric. It really comes down to having a strong portfolio that allows you for a really strong energy management on the comp sys. So, overall positive. I think we're still working on convertability for the year at this point.
Rafael Santana: Let me start and I'll pass it on to Pat on the specifics of the restructuring. But when we look at where we are in rail, I think the demand for more reliable power continues to be there. We've continued to see improvement in terms of the on-parking. So, I think those were largely tied to the dynamics over the last couple of years, not just in terms of carloads also in terms of PSR. I think that's largely in. So, when we look at moving forward. I think the focus on both reliability of the fleet that's significant positive for us when you look at our services business. The other element is a continued focus from customers now on really making sure that you're getting more productivity. And I think that will tie very well with some of the solutions that we have out there that drive fuel savings. We've talked about the FDL advantage. There's also I think significant elements in terms of upgrades that we can continue to drive. You've heard about us implementing the Tier 4 engine with our CSX now, this is something that we can apply not only to our platform, but to other platforms out there as well. And we're really excited about the opportunity here on this energy transition with battery electric. We are currently responding to a number of really questions coming from request for quotes and requests for information from customers, not just in North America, around the world. So we see battery here as a significant element of how you really call, renew some of the fleets driving value for customers and driving value for ourselves. So I think we are really building off on a positive momentum here ahead of us.
Rafael Santana: Scott, I'll really go back to what I said, you're going to see margin expansion going through the second half of the year by more than 50 basis points versus the first half. If you look at our regional guidance we had given for the year, we're going to be seeing margins expanding better than that our original guidance was. I think there's always going to be again elements of variation in the quarter as I had highlighted in terms of timing of projects. Mix can also be an element here, especially as you think about, well the speed of growth here on the transit segment versus the freight segment. But as you look into some of the other elements, even SG&A were consistent with 12% we had guided earlier in the year. So very much committed and executing for the $250 million of synergies that we have talked about, we expect to deliver those earlier in the second half of the year than later and I think to our depositors, we're moving forward into what I call a second phase of integration 2.0, which a lot of it is really tied to a continuous improvement culture and that will continue to drive our productivity. So we are committed to continue to drive profitable growth with improved margins going into next year as well.
Rafael Santana: I think the best way to answer you there is, yes, we look into the second half. I think we expect here certainly a continued rebound out a gradual pace, of course when you compare  year-over-year they become a little more challenging. I think the good news is when you look at the fleet that's running out there. I mean, you're really looking for reliability and availability and those locomotives are running harder than they were before. Even though, if you look at the overall fleet, you're not necessarily back to pre-COVID levels. I think we are positioned well here with the newer fleets, that really provide I will call the battery reliability for customers, which is certainly needed right now when you look at improve being service levels ahead. So, I wouldn't speculate in terms of the levels of unparking. This is an active dialog we have with customers and it involves, not just the elements of unparking, it involves a strategy around modernizations, new locomotives. So, it's a broader equation than just tied to un-parking of existing fleets, which will potentially come with sometimes penalties tied to reliability of the overall system.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, mods was a significant step up this year versus last year. That helped us say partially offset even some of the elements of new locomotive deliveries. As we look at moving forward, I think good momentum there. So, if you think about the things that we're bringing to market that allows us to even upgrade some of the existing fleets with better fuel efficiency, some of the elements of automation. So we see that as a trend continuing, certainly going to next year. I think there is an element here of just, I mean step up in growth we saw year-over-year. I do not expect the same going into next year but mods does have a significant opportunity for us and as you look at internationally as well. It's been a significant element of discussions with international customers too.
Rafael Santana: So I think that's really a part of, I think the good dynamics we're seeing. Those are countries that we largely operate in, we have strong relationships with customers and we see that momentum there picking up. So I'm not going to speculate here with specific the elements of when some of those orders converts, but what I'll tell you as I look into the framework for a lot, '22 - '23 timeframe that's certainly a positive, there is good momentum. I am just not going to speculate in the elements of exactly when orders get finalized, but the momentum is there. Pipeline is stronger and we feel positive about growth in the international market moving forward.
Rafael Santana: No, we expect the firm orders this year. So that's more of an element of delivery as you look into the future. So that's why I don't want to speculate how much it goes into the specifics of next year or 2023, but it's a positive as I look at it and those are units that we will largely be building in that timeframe.
Rafael Santana: So, Allison, when you look at the recurring revenue, I go back couple years ago This was in the teens, I look at it today, it's above 20% and I think the team is continuing to work on that regard. So I think just more recurring revenues as a function of that. I think some of the challenges tied to the year is really getting orders that you can convert in the year. So I think we still have some challenges in the year in terms of increasing the revenue in any significant manner. But it feels very positive in terms of the multi-year orders we've been able to get for the past three quarters. I mean, our book-to-bill has been well above one and I think that translates into growth for the business going unto next year and beyond. I think we've often talked about growing two to three times faster on that segment, and that's a story that doesn't change. As you look into -- also the other comment I made with regards to battery electric, that's such a critical portfolio in terms of how you manage a comp sys. I think you will have the opportunity to hear more on it but I think you will need our portfolio of Trip Optimizer with Zero-to-Zero to ultimately make sure that you're really taking advantage of improved fuel savings moving forward.
Rafael Santana: Might - again as we look into the year we feel confident, otherwise we wouldn't have raised the guidance overall, and as we look into the dynamics going into next year, it really points out to a profitable growth year for us. I think the elements here of projects, I think we - why don't you talk about transit, why don't you talk about freight in transit. We see largely authorities and governments committed to invest in the transit system. So that continues. We haven't really seen again any cancellations or anything like that. If anything, I think there is opportunity for growing momentum there, especially as you look at a number of stimulus packages going across. And on freight my comment here, sometimes more on the elements of the timing of orders, I mean it's certainly I'd say requires more I think negotiations, than some of the elements of North America but positive momentum forward.
Rafael Santana: Yes, we are. And it's really one that goes into various areas. I'll start with transit. I think some of the relationships that we've had with the broader company, it is allowing us to grow our share into some markets that traditionally we would not be present, and I think that's a positive and we are seeing the opportunity here to be early on, on projects we expect in and to really work on what I will call a category of products that we are able to supply into transit. It's certainly true also for a number of regions. So what if I think about Eastern Europe, what if I think about Russia and CIS, those are areas that traditionally we've had a very strong footprint strong relationships with customers and you see that as a function of opportunities for us to grow transit faster and more profitably as well. I think on the freight side, I think some of those, we've talked about it in the past. There's certainly an opportunity for us to continue to do that and a piece of that is also looking at taking advantage of competitors platforms and being able to implement some of the elements of mods and things like that, which were capabilities that we brought with merger of the company. So you'll see more of that and opportunities for us to be expanding our solutions into other competitive platforms.
Rafael Santana: Short answer is yes, it should, and especially as you look at like new platforms that we're launching, we're certainly taking advantage of a lot of this, I'll call core technologies that really ultimately guarantee the value for the customer. So if you think about core, we call them vital organs, I think that has expanded and those platforms largely will reflect that. So it's a growing penetration of our products into these future platforms.
Rafael Santana: Well, the sector will benefit from the build, this is a positive for Wabtec, I think there is a couple of opportunities here on both fronts, I think certainly in transit, I think we'll see some of that reflected in terms of some of the opportunities we have, but also on the freight side as we talk about some of the technology development, those are some of the discussions that continue in terms of really government supports to accelerate some of the elements of decarbonization and efficiency for our customers. So we see it largely as positive news and something that will benefit rail and will benefit us.
Rafael Santana: So I'd be thinking about sequential improvements as you go into the second half of the year. There is of course an element sometimes of seasonality between third and fourth quarter, traditionally we would have seen third quarter, I'm going to call especially stronger with some of the elements of the mix, but I'll call sequential improvement. Pat..
Rafael Santana: So when you think about margin expansion, we have not breaking that out on freight, We haven't guided that specifically but for transits we have guided to 100 basis points and we continue to be on that track. So that's part of the guidance, that includes continue to expand transit margins year-over-year by more than 100 basis points for this year. And on freights, we've also, I think being very clear about margin expansion there to, so I think that 50 basis points towards more to really make sure we give a framework of how we expect margins to grow into the second half of the year with greater than 50 basis points overall expansion when you look at the segments combined.
Rafael Santana: Maybe just to add on, in terms of rebound. I mean we expect more of a gradual pace here into the second half of the year. So the comps are again different. I think one of the things that we're seeing is a stronger demand for reliable power and the newer locomotives are running and running. I'm going to call, harder, so more megawatt hours. So that's what I think largely drives a continuation of some of the dynamics you see in services. So we see stronger services ahead, not necessarily a slowdown going into the second half.
Pat Dugan: Thanks, Rafael, and good morning everyone. We had solid operational and financial performance during the quarter. As markets continue to gradually recover, we demonstrated our ability to deliver on synergies to generate strong cash flow and to invest in the future and position Wabtec for profitable growth. Turning to Slide 6. I'll review the second quarter in more detail. Sales for the second quarter were $2 billion, which reflects a 16% increase versus the prior year, driven by a broad based recovery across our portfolio offset somewhat by lower North America OE freight markets. For the quarter, operating income was $203 million and adjusted operating income was $306 million, which was up 17% year-over-year. Adjusted operating income excluded pre-tax expenses of $103 million of which $73 million was for non-cash amortization and $30 million for restructuring of which the majority was for our UK operations and transaction costs related to the acquisition of Nordco. Adjusted operating margin was 10 basis points higher than the second quarter last year and up from the first quarter. Versus last year, adjusted operating margin benefited from higher sales and the realization of synergies. Now, looking at some of the detailed line items for the second quarter, adjusted SG&A was $254 million which was 12.6% of sales. This was up from last year due to the normalization of certain expenses compared to the temporary cost actions taken during the depth of the pandemic, a year ago. Adjusted SG&A excludes $9 million of restructuring and transaction expenses. For the full year, we expect adjusted SG&A to be about 12% of sales. We will continue to aggressively manage headcount and structural costs. Engineering expense increased from last year. This was largely due to higher volume outlook for the year. Overall, our investment in technology is still expected to be about 6% to 7% of sales. Amortization expense was $73 million. For 2021 we expect non-cash amortization expense to be about $290 million and depreciation expense of about $205 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate during the quarter was 25.3%, bringing our year-to-date adjusted effective tax rate to be about 26.3%. For the full year we still expect an effective tax rate of about 26%. In the second quarter GAAP earnings per diluted share were $0.66 and adjusted earnings per diluted share were $1.06. Now, let's take a look at the segment results on Slide 7. Across the freight segment total sales increased to 11% from last year to $1.3 billion, primarily driven by strong growth in services and aftermarket and higher demand for components. In terms of product lines equipment sales were down 2% year-over-year due to fewer locomotive deliveries in North America.
Pat Dugan: So to talk about the restructuring. We've talked about this in the past it's specific to our UK operations where we're seeing some of the larger projects wind down and conclude. And so we're looking at all of our footprint in the UK and consolidating operations. There is an element of impairment and other severance that comes through in that number. The majority of that restructuring is non-cash. So there's just a lumpiness here in the second quarter. I would tell you that when you look at the full year we still expect our restructuring to be less than it was a year ago. We also expect that restructuring is going to continue as we drive that margin improvement for our transit segment. We are consolidating footprint, taking steps to improve our productivity and improve margin overall. So there would still be more in the future, but we're down year-over-year.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think if you go back, we're still seeing some disruption, a little bit in the normal seasonality because of everybody coming off of COVID, but if you go back to '19 and even before you would see third quarter was really usually strong in the freight services side. It kind of ties to our customers maintenance cycle and when they do things. Meanwhile, in the fourth quarter, there is usually some strength in the transit aftermarket business. So all those things are going to play out here in the second half of the year. I think we have a lot of confidence in what the second half will look like. There is still looking at sequential improvement but considering those things might be coming back to more normal situations.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I understand your math. I think you just want to factor in the full-year impact in that you're going to have some variation quarter to quarter. We don't give quarterly guidance on margin percentages, but really focus on the full year in the impact of all the cost and productivity savings and synergy savings as well as sales mix and how that would impact us.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I think the volumes. I mean, I think we demonstrated on the variations in the past and with the increasing revenue and absorption, you get those kinds of contribution margin you are talking about.
Pat Dugan: So the un-parkings really haven't commented on anything specifically. We see these locomotives coming back into service. I mean it very much correlates exactly with the overall freight traffic for the North America, really to not something that to comment on and like in July or anything like that as you asked but we just see this trend to continue, and it gives us a lot of confidence and a lot of visibility as to the strength of what's going to happen with our freight services business.
