Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions related to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation.  We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics.  I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for your time today. We appreciate it, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. Goodbye.
John Olin: Great, Justin. This is John. Justin, when we look at the back half cadence, starting with revenue, we would expect the majority of our revenue growth to come in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. And again, this is due to the way that the orders have come in and production is scheduled as well as we got a little lapping benefit over a slightly easier comp from a revenue standpoint.  When we look at the earnings side or margin side of the equation, we would see the opposite or expect the opposite, Justin. We would expect the majority of our earnings growth our margin growth to come in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And that is simply because we're lapping a much easier comp in the fourth quarter of last year than we have in the third quarter.
John Olin: Okay, Rob, this is John. Looking at the quarter, we came in -- margin came in 16.4%, down 0.3 percentage point. As we talked about in the earlier quarter, we expected the first half to be flat on margin. So margins were down a little bit more than we expected. The key driver of that, Rob, was the inefficiencies we're experiencing at our facility in Erie behind the strike. So that is the biggest driver.  The mix we anticipated, the mix within the groups we anticipated on locomotives and mods in the original guidance. But the difference really is the inefficiencies at our facility at York -- I mean, at Erie.
John Olin: Great, James. So as we've talked out, when we announced Integration 2.0 a little bit over a year ago that we would invest $155 million to $165 million and expect ongoing savings of $75 million to $90 million. We're off to a great start as we talked about at the end of the '22 investment was a little bit ahead of schedule, which is a good thing.  And as we ended last year, we were at run rate savings of $5 million. In the 6 months that we've had this year, we've over doubled that, and the trajectory will continue through the remainder of 2023, and add to a fair amount of our incremental margin in the back half as well as through 2024 as we head up to that $75 million to $90 million run rate in 2025.
John Olin: Sure, Allison. So yes, we're thrilled to be able to raise our revenue guidance from the midpoint of up 6% to up 12%. And driven by the underlying momentum that we've experienced, right? And that's continued from the back half of last year into the -- through the first half of this year.  When we look at the earnings guide, it was up from a midpoint of 5.65% or up 10% to up 16%. So what we're seeing is a couple of things. You're not seeing the increase in revenue coming through in earnings. And Allison, that's for 3 reasons. One is in the first quarter, we had some additional investment in our next-generation technology. for our PDS software that's dispatch software. And so that's a onetime event that kind of will bring the earnings down on a full year basis.  The second driver of that is the strike in Erie. That does have costs. Rafael mentioned, we don't expect any impact on revenue for the year, but it does have a cost. And we had cost in that in the first -- in the second quarter, but we'll also have some costs in the third quarter. So that's included in that as well, again, more on the onetime side.  And the third area is higher interest cost. As you can see in the quarter, interest was up about 25% to $11 million. We would expect interest to be higher in the back half as well. partly behind the L&M acquisition, but also the refinancing of some debt that we've got come and do. So Allison, when you take those 3 things that's the difference between the growth rate of revenue and the growth rate of earnings.
John Olin: Yes. Steve, this is John. Absolutely. We've watched our margins come up over the last couple of years, and that is a function of bringing in better orders at higher profit. And so as we look forward to the backlog we've talked about, we feel great about it overall, not only from a standpoint of the revenue it will drive in the future, but also from a profitability standpoint. And it is booked at a higher margin than we've seen in the past.
John Olin: Yes. And as I mentioned earlier on the question on Integration 2.0, right? We're going to see that continue to ramp. The majority of the benefit will accrue to our Transit group. So we feel great about consolidation and the integration that's happening here and the results that it's starting to spin. And part of the benefit we saw in margin growth in Transit in the quarter was due to Integration 2.0.  And the other one is, the other question with regards to the backlog. We continue to bring in volume in the backlog, we're very focused on making sure that it is coming in at a higher margin. And we are focused on bringing in good, profitable business versus revenue in the Transit Group.
John Olin: And Matt, from a financial standpoint, we're pretty indifferent whether it's a modernization or a new, right? We talked about new comes with a higher revenue and modernization with a higher margin. And so overall, we're pretty indifferent as long as they're Wabtec locomotives, we're good.
Rafael Santana: Justin, you're right. So I think we'll see, especially as we go into the second half of the year, and beyond the second half, I think you'll see acceleration of growth in services. Some of that, I mean, you see it with some recent order that we announced here. So mods is a growth case continuing to us moving forward, so that continues to be a positive.  When it comes down to parkings, We're seeing really active fleet staying steady side, any element of really fluctuation within the year, but the focus on services continues, and we feel very good about our fleet stamps out there providing really, I'll call, significant benefits to the customer when compared to our competitors' fleets. And that's both in terms of reliability, availability, fuel efficiency, which is a significant element here. We stand with really feel better than in average more than 5% on every single one of our platforms. So we don't expect no signs of any significant changes on that active fleet eater.
Rafael Santana: Yes. I'll start just with, I feel very good about our overall backlog. I feel strong about the pipeline of opportunities that the team is working on. I think the overall underlying growth fundamentals of the business is also strong. As you said, the 12 months is up 10%. It's accelerating. Last quarter was 4.4%.  The current total backlog is also healthy. So while it's down 3.5%, I look at it in conjunction with the multiyear $1 billion order that we got from Union Pacific and the auto multibillion-dollar auditor opportunities were being worked right now and with the team. So we see good momentum internationally. We see it in North America. It's positive. We're progressing, and we're continuing to grow and our pipeline supports it.  In terms of the convertibility, the 12 months, already provides you a view into '24, and we continue to see strength in the pipeline.
Rafael Santana: It continues. I mean, as you saw, I think the demand for a lot of the solutions we have there continues to be robust. We have an opportunity to modernize a significant part of the fleet there. I think customers are really looking into it. You see based on the announcement we just made yesterday. When you're looking at 18% fuel savings, 40% improvement on reliability, 55% on pulling power. Those are significant numbers that are really compelling in terms of driving, not the quality of the service you're providing to your customers, but reducing your costs. And I think that these some of the fundamentals will continue to build on growth for the modernization of the fleet and demand for new units as well. .
Rafael Santana: I do. We're continuing to first make progress on battery electric. I think that order is a great example of that. We're developing a supply chain around it to make sure that we make really the overall product reliable first deliveries are happening next year. We're continuing to work actively with customers, both in North America and internationally. . There is demand out there to further expand the use of the technology. We're working with customers to really make sure that we pace as we step into it. Fuel continues to, of course, be a significant element of cost for our customers. I think there is a really significant opportunity for us to continue to grow that, and we're going to pace it as we grow into different geographies. That's I think the exciting piece. It's not a demand around one specific customer or one specific segment. I think we have an opportunity to apply that battery concept also in conjunction with, what we call, not just a hybrid product, but hybrid systems as well. I recently came back from Europe and there's, I'll call it, significant opportunity for us there as well.
Rafael Santana: I'll start with, over the last 2 years, we have successfully reached an agreement with all of our union and nonunion side. So we're working on collaboration. We remain committed to the workforce with that, We remain optimistic that we can reach an agreement here in a timely manner. From a financial perspective, plan to realize for a variety of outcomes and contingencies here and we do not mistake any impact to the full year revenue. .
Rafael Santana: So a couple of points here, Allison. First. I mean, as you saw, I mean, we had significant order buildup in the last 2 years has positioned the business really well. from a backlog perspective. A good chunk of that was drilling international orders, somewhere my year agreements. As you go more international, it's a bit more lumpy. So we would expect that to play out over the different quarters. But -- and the auto comment I would make no different than the previous years. we need to really drive convertibility into the shorter-term orders that continue to deliver on the year results.  But backlog coverage is better than we've had before. We like the fundamentals of the business, but would it not to be lumpy.
Rafael Santana: So I think we're not get into any specifics of '24. Of course, it's sort of early for that. We expect growing momentum modernization portfolio. And you see that. I think the order you just asked about CN. It's part of that, and we see that growth momentum much as going to '23. We see that momentum going into really '24 and beyond. So just a good backlog. .
Rafael Santana: Jerry, first, the fundamentals for the business remain strong. I think despite of a more competitive environment, I look at our book-to-bill ratios over 1, The 12-month backlog is up 9%. The multiyear is up double digits. But I'll tell you, while we are pleased with the progress, there's significant work ahead of us to simplify the footprint to further improve and sustain margins. We're going to have variation quarter-to-quarter but the mandates there, and the team is executing on expanding margins.  And we feel we're building competitiveness in the business. So we ultimately drive profitable growth. So it feels good from that perspective. And we're going to continue to drive that there. We continue to have opportunities.
Rafael Santana: So the backlog is strong, but we're also overlapping what all easy comps from last year. if you think about just the top line, if you remember, some of the disruptions we had associated with not just supply chain, but we also had, at that point, a cyber incident. .
Rafael Santana: Fleet is active. It's running hard, right? We the different markets we serve, say, Kazakhstan or Australia. I think there's just strong demand out there when you look at the pipeline of opportunities. So I think those things are ultimately connected.  In North America, where you could have expected that change in the active fleet. I think it's holding, holding strong. It's again back to the focus on both services. And I think we stand with a significant advantage in our fleet in terms of fuel savings, in terms of haulage capability, and reliability. And that's really critical to our customers right now.
Rafael Santana: Steve, I'll tell you use [indiscernible]. Yes, the total backlog is down. It's going to be lumpy as we have those, I'll call multibillion-dollar deals. We've got more than a couple of those being worked right now, so that could drive some lumpiness. I think our focus here is making sure that we've got the convertibility moving forward. And of course, as you look into the convertibility 12 months, 18 months and 24 months. So we track that, and we feel very strong about that. And it's really in the pipeline of the deals that we're working on, and we're continuing to grow that and it's really supported by our pipeline. .
Rafael Santana: Of course, I mean, we're not going to go into any of the specifics here. We are continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. We're going to be very opportunistic here. They will be strategic, they will drive a higher ROIC, ultimately accelerate profit for Wabtec increase shareholder value. I think L&M is really a great example of that. So we're active, really trying to make sure that we find those opportunities. .
Rafael Santana: I'll maybe start, and I'll pass it on to John. I think we're continuing the mandate. We feel strong about it. [indiscernible] and the team working on really continued trajectory. It's never study and precise. There's always some bumps along the way, but we feel strong about continuing to drive the simplification on that business improving the competitiveness and a lot of opportunities here. .
Rafael Santana: I'm not going to get into the specifics of that program. But what I'll tell you, that program provides a significant opportunity for us to, number one, as we think about our products, it's how we cascade those products down. So they're not just on core mainline, we often focus a lot of the dialogue here around 16,000 locomotives that we got running out there. There's a number of auto locomotives running in short lines in yards, and we see an opportunity to cascade that fleet down antiquated with a fleet that's more efficient, it causes less emissions, able to pull more.  So a lot of those same fundamentals. And I think that's where we look at building and it provides, again, a significant strength for our Services business as there will be a pull there in terms of providing spare parts and things like that. So really excited about gaining momentum on that front, sure.
Rafael Santana: I'd say we've done some of that for the class ones, especially bringing, what I'll call, older Dash nice and modernizing those into AC technology. I think it's the first time we do with like a short line. And I think there is a significant opportunity there. So you're right about that.
Rafael Santana: I would say that -- I would say not. There'll be a little bit in there, but not to the extent to drive the overall guidance, Matt. It's the underlying momentum we've talked about for the last year continues to come at us and the backlog continues to fill. It'll be more of an impact on the future growth as we look to '24 and beyond.
Rafael Santana: I think it just validates what we've been saying, I mean, in some cases, customers will look at modernization as a better solution for some of the fleet dynamics they've got, in some other cases, it's going to come with really new locomotives. And so we see both active, and I think the fact that you continue to see that. I think that's really a positive in terms of the dynamics that we're looking into the North America market.  So there is really a commitment to continue to drive service to invest in the fleets that are really at this stage at the oldest levels in at least a couple of decades. So a good opportunity here.
Rafael Santana: I think there's both. I mean, there's certainly a technology element here, and they're going to be used to really pull freight more efficiently about there.
Allison Poliniak: A quick question on the outlook. Your 5% revenue growth at 5% earnings growth. So it really implies sort of lack of leverage on that revenue. Is that just simply a mix situation that's driving that? Just any -- if you could walk us through that.
Allison Poliniak: No, for the full year, the guidance raised nice revenue guidance raise, but EPS really just in line with that revenue guide, just implies the lower incrementals. I just want to understand if that's just purely mix, if there's something else within that that's driving sort of a lack of incrementals there. .
Allison Poliniak: Great. That's very helpful. And then on the digital side, if I recall, it's always been more, I would say, cyclically sensitive and it doesn't seem to be exhibiting that sort of same trend. Is it sort of a change in how your customers are approaching that product? Is this sort of the investment that you've done that they can gain maybe even more efficiencies than they did in prior cycles so they're pushing through that investment? Just trying to understand sort of how -- why a book that's very cyclical or trend exhibit.
Robert Barger: Can you talk about the margin profile for new business you're booking relative to the margin profile in the next 12-month backlog? And then just generally, is new business looking higher margin than old business? .
Robert Barger: Got it. And total backlog has contracted. I know it's not much, but it's been a couple of quarters now. When you think about the size of the new deals you're signing and the pipeline, versus what's scheduled to come out of backlog in the back half. Would you expect it to continue contracting this year? .
Robert Barger: Just a quick clarification. I think you said the Erie situation could be a swing factor in the back half, but I also thought I heard you say that it would be onetime. So can you clarify if expected costs from that are included or excluded in the back half EPS range? .
