Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we've had a good performance in the fourth quarter and the full year of 2010. Longer term, we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see ahead. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec performance system. We have an experienced management team that managed extremely well through the downturn, and is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert Neupaver: Okay. The positive train control revenue in 2010 was about $20 million. Where we're at in the process is that the specifications have been set. We'll be moving into the testing phase, and this testing phase is done in the laboratory at first. And that's going to take a number of months to complete. And then it'll go into field testing. When we get to the field testing is when we should start seeing an increase in revenues related to hardware that's needed to do the testing. So what we think we're going to see is equivalent type of revenues for good portion of the year, then into the fourth quarter, it should start to ramp up.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, that's correct. We feel that we really stabilized the Transit business. There's still going to be some softness in the U.S. market as we work our way through the local and state funding issues that exist. Our other opportunities in Transit on an international basis is very good. So we think that the Transit market has really stabilized at the level with that, which is not a bad level.
Albert Neupaver: What we see is continued opportunities in the rail markets, which we're very happy about. The beauty of Wabtec is that we have the balance sheet and the capability to explore larger acquisitions. And there's not as many of those available, but the fact that we could look at this large opportunities at any time is really the strength of our model. Our pipeline is very robust right now. What we're seeing in the marketplace is pricing has strengthened. You're seeing a lot of private equity. You're seeing a lot of strategic buyers that have come out and are looking for acquisitions. So I think it's a healthy market out there. We've got a lot of opportunities. And again, we can go after that big one if we find the right one there that is a strategic fit for Wabtec.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we really don't have any cancellations. What we do have is delays. If I stated cancellations, I misstated it. What you see is projects that are out there that are going to get awarded. One thing I mentioned in the prepared remarks about the backlog of some 3,500 transit cars and that includes light vehicles as well as heavier subway cars. But they expect, they should be another 1,500 transit cars ordered this year. And there's a number of projects now that are in the position where they've been awarded to a car builder and the car builder is now working with the sub-contractors which, that would be us, then we're going to get a share, a good share, of those projects. To name a few, there's a project in Miami, there's one at Metro, there's a project at PATCO [Port Authority Transit Corporation] in New York. New York itself has a small order out there. The thing is, is they're not headline type of projects. What they are is 100 cars here, 100 cars there. But they're out there. And in fact, if that 1,500 of orders come in, we expect deliveries of around 1,000 in our assumption and it's plus or minus a small percentage. But as you could see, that backlog will actually improve during the year. So when we say that it's kind of bottomed out, 1,000 cars is not a bad number of cars to be delivered in a year. If you go back to history, things have changed in that a lot more than New York drives this market. It used to be if you had an order from New York City, it was a gigantic order, it lasted a few years. But then the market would go down the drain a bit. And that's not the case. We're seeing a lot of activity, a lot of different municipalities that have already gone forward. It's just that it hasn't got to the stage where they've named a supplier of the components that we supply.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we should see growth in the fourth quarter. We can't quantify that now because it depends on the completion of these testing phases as I explained. So but once that starts ramping up, it should be a nice ramp-up. We've been waiting a long time for that ramp.
Albert Neupaver: Well, I think as everyone on the call knows, I mean inflation has raised its ugly head here in the last number of months. And I think there's going to be a lot of pressure from that standpoint. However, that said, we have really tried to make sure that our divisions, our management team is very focused and disciplined on how we handle these commodity prices and other inflationary aspects. Now that said, you know that sometimes people get a little complacent, so we can't say we're 100% covered against all these types of inflations. But I could tell you that it's been a major focus and it continues to be a major focus on our part to make sure that when we take an order, that these commodities has either a surcharge or some other mechanism that would cover changes in FX, changes in commodity pricing. So yes, I think inflation will be there, but I think we're going to be able to manage it well.
Albert Neupaver: We always strive to improve. We have a continuous improvement aspect, and we're going to work very hard to keep the fixed cost down as low as we can and not add back cost as we ramp up during this recovery. So we would hope that we would perform to our expectations.
Albert Neupaver: I think it's really difficult to say right now. I think there's a number of factors that'll play into it. We mentioned about the parked cars and is that a red herring or is that truly an indicator that all these cars have to come back, or what percentage? I've asked that question to every person that I meet in the industry and no one has an answer. If you look at how many orders were actually placed in what was a year that we didn't expect to see many orders, you got 30,000 orders that come in during 2010 with deliveries around 16,500 or so. So you're seeing the orders coming in, you're seeing the backlog go up at the same time. I think it's a healthy situation, and I think it'll continue to improve. I think that our number is a number that we based our numbers on. And we hope that it's a little higher than that and I really doubt it's going to be any lower than that.
Albert Neupaver: I think there's a tremendous amount of activity going on in that area. Let me just speak to a couple of them and hopefully, this will answer the question. The AAR, which is an organization of the railroads, I mean they've actually have pushed ahead to try to get some activity related to their route miles. Now why is that? I mean, what happened is when the FRA put the specification together, they said you've got to use whatever route miles were traveled in 2008, that's where you've got to install PTC. Well, that's obviously unfair, I mean, because they can take hazardous material through a different route and preclude them from having to put PTC on all this territory. They estimate that they could eliminate about 10,000 miles out of the total of 73,000 miles that are required under the mandate to be fitted for PTC. So I think it's a logical thing and that's what Hutchison from Texas had presented the bill saying, hey, let's look at this realistically. The second thing is, is they're required at this point to put two displays in the cab. One is all they think that they need, why would you have two there? And they're trying to create some litigation around the fact that, why do I have to put that extra expense there? When you look at some of the studies that have been done, G.O.A. [G.O.A. Freight Systems] and others have looked into, can this be done by 2015? And I think the railroads and others are concerned about the ability to do it. It's a very complex thing to get this installed and running on all the different players. Probably the most difficult area is in the transit area or the short line railroads that are required to have this. And there's a number of those that are required to do this. And some of those have jumped out in front and are being proactive in trying to work on a program. But at the same time they're coming back to the government and saying, hey, I need funding and I may need more time. Who's going to fund all these municipalities to do it? So I think there's a little bit of effort on the railroads' part to jump on that a little bit and say, hey, if they're going to get funding, should I get funding? At the end of the day, we're pushing forward as hard as we can to meet every deadline that we can, and we'll see what happens. I don't think there's any kind of traction at all to kill this effort. I think that it's way early to find out whether you need more time in order to get it fully implemented. And I think that'll play out. Actually, I think that they need to be reporting this somewhere, maybe in 2012 or late in 2012. So yes, it's a lot of talk. I think that it's way early to say whether it can be met or not. We think that it's a viable technology. We've been operating this technology with BNSF on 600 locomotives since 2004. So we're just going to push ahead, and we do support the fact that there should be some funding for the railroads and the transit authorities to do this mandate as I stated.
Albert Neupaver: Well, you have Metrolink and Denver and other programs that are already moving forward. So these programs have to move forward and they are. Metrolink gave an order to Parsons for $120 million to install PTC on their system. And Denver has a consortium with Fluor and Rotem and others that have putting in a new railroad in Denver that is looking. We've been working with Metro for a number of years when we started working with BNSF. So that is moving forward. What they're asking for is let's state where the funding is coming from. They're going to have to be funded.
Albert Neupaver: Our fixed base, as hard as we are to be focused on it, you got to realize that when you look at fixed cost and the definition of it, it's usually about 15% of your revenues, even after you've driven it down. There are certain businesses have some high and some low, but on average, it's about 15% of your revenues.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, by no means did we want to infer that they're deferring any kind of maintenance or aftermarket. What they were doing is using up inventory, driving it down. And you're exactly correct. I mean, that we've actually seen has rebounded, and the decline of that now has fully recovered. But the concern is if you do start impacting ridership and service cuts, that could have an impact because they don't have the right funding to do the service they need. So that is a concern.
Albert Neupaver: I think that there is always a -- if you have a long run, and the learning curve gives you a better opportunity to perform. But it's really, we've been focused on continuous improvement on margins. And as you could see, with the performance we've had in the third quarter, you had the margins with the drop in transit sales. I think it indicates that we have a good handle on our cost and margin opportunities.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the only thing we know is that the head of the Ministry of the Railroad was arrested and it was related to high speed rail as far as we know. And that's the extent of it. We have no other facts that we could really speak to.
Albert Neupaver: No, not at all. What it does is there's about 75,000 switches out there that would need to be touched, and signals, like the red lights and stuff. Each one of those has to have a transmitter. And what it does is, if any of that route miles does not need to be fitted for PTC, that just eliminates the wayside business and that's not the part of the business that we're involved in. Normally, the locomotive change would be insignificant.
Albert Neupaver: There's a number of bids that are there. Most of them are, there are some in Europe, there's some all over the world. We're actively bidding programs and what we manufacture in 17 countries and ship to 125. So and some of these projects range from $20 million up to $100 million projects. And without naming any specifics, I could tell you that we're not short of opportunity, but it just takes time to break through some of the barriers of entry that exist in some of these countries and we're making good progress. If you look at where our international sales were five years ago, 1/3 of our business to today, it's almost 50%. That's the kind of progress we're making. And these opportunities, there's projects in South America, Rio; there's projects in Australia that we're bidding on; there's projects in South Africa; there's projects all over Europe; there's projects in Turkey. I mean so there's tremendous opportunity, as I've always said. This market is a very huge market and we're a small player. So if you want specific programs, I think you could follow up with Tim sometime and he could give you a flavor of those.
Albert Neupaver: New York. New York has a small program that they call R188. It's only for, I don't know, 20, 30 cars, it's 23 cars. And that program has been awarded to a car builder and we're working with that car builder now to see what our portion of that business is. And they have a follow-up program called R179, which is a larger order of well over 100 subway cars and that program is moving forward as well. I think that we should hear something on that later this year.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, two aspects of the oil price is that, one is there's no other more efficient way to move freight, as well as people than by rail. I mean, there's so many statistics out there. On one gallon of diesel fuel, you could go almost 500 miles with one ton of freight. One intermodal train takes 280 trucks off the road. So that is one of the factors why this is such a compelling industry that we play in. But the increase, obviously causes increased price or cost for the railroads, it has a negative impact. So I think you'll find people moving more toward mass transit than driving their cars because of it. So it's a positive for the industry without a doubt.
Albert Neupaver: We would feel comfortable, we've said this in the past, with 2x, 2.5x our EBITDA debt. So that gives you a flavor of size there.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we saw they had a lot of problems, especially with one of the heavy snows and then the deep freeze. There was a lot of mechanical problems, which, really, we had to activate our service people and repair centers to try to support the municipalities in the Northeast.
Albert Neupaver: I just want to thank everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you very much.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I'm going to give it off the top of my head, but we probably spend about $1.5 million all told.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: You sound just like our Board of Directors there, Jim. And we probably have a couple of them on the call, so they know what I'm talking about. I think there are opportunities, but they're difficult to come by. And that's why I've said, going forward I think in the past, I used to say 37% or so. We ended up this year at 35.2%. A preliminary estimate is somewhere around 36%, maybe a shade lower next year. That's something that we're constantly taking a look at. And I think, big picture going forward, there's some opportunity there. Part of the problem is to get that opportunity, you have to spend a little bit. And you have a very uncertain picture coming out of Washington, D.C. these days. When our President first got elected, he came down hard on foreign earned income. Then he eased up on it, and then he introduced the budget again and came down hard on it again. And what you don't want to do is make a significant investment and have the rug pulled out from under you. So you have to be a little prudent in how you make your investment. But that's something we look at all the time, and we are committed to driving it down.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think, Tom, I think you hit the nail right on the head going forward. For the quarter, obviously, it was $53.4 million. Going forward, once you get the full impact of the acquisitions and we're expecting slightly higher pension costs, slightly higher healthcare costs and probably a small increase in our stock-based comp. And once you factor all those in, I think a number about $55 million, plus or minus, is probably what I'd use as a run rate. If you compare it to the fourth quarter of last year, it was up by about $10 million, and I would say over half of that, about $5.5 million, was due to acquisitions. And again, you'll feel the full effect of those acquisitions in the run rate this year. But a little bit more than half has been acquisitions. And then compared to last year, last year was, all of us in management are a little, hate to admit this but last year was a very low year for comp overall and particularly, the stock-based comp and bonuses. And in '10, you saw a return to a more normal level and that added about another $5 million, and that pretty much accounts for the increase.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I would say the SG&A, for modeling purposes, you can use about $55 million a quarter. And then obviously, we'll have to adjust that as acquisitions come in. And that can be impacted by one-time events too as well, but we'll explain those.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We have various elements of it. We're looking at the stock-based comp because that comes right out of the funds flow statement for you. The stock-based comp this year was about $11.8 million compared to about $3.6 million last year. So I'd say that the number this year is a pretty normal ongoing number. And as you can see, it was very, very low last year. The year before that, it was at $10.5 million. So it was $10.5 million, $3.6 million and then $11.7 million. So you can see the difference between the two years.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, see, amortization is a tough number. Basically going forward – and what makes it hard is the acquisitions because you have this one-time -- you mentioned you may have missed part of the early part of the call, but we have what we call purchase price accounting or PPA where you have to basically capitalize the inventory on hand when you made the acquisition and the backlog, and you basically don't record any profit until it turns over. And that can cause amortization expense to yoyo a little bit. For this quarter, it was $3.5 million. Looking forward, assuming no changes, it'll probably be about $3 million, $3.1 million next quarter. Some of these items will lapse and the amortization expense will decrease, but then if we have an acquisition it'll bounce back up again. So but on an apples-to-apples basis, it'll be about $3 million, $3.1 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, it's been around $900 million, and I think that's a good number going forward. In terms of margins, I think Al -- I'm not sure what your question about margins may be. I think Al just talked to that a while back. But what are you…
Thomas Albrecht: Okay. So I'm delighted to hear that the incentive comp was up, that means a lot of good things. But just in terms of kind of an absolute number, where did that come in, in 2010 so that we know how to think about that as we model? I think you said slightly higher.
Thomas Albrecht: Yes, definitely. And then similar question for the amortization, the guidance had been about $2.5 million.
Thomas Albrecht: Yes, the consolidated -- I meant for the Freight and Transit within the fourth quarter, did you have those or do we have to wait for the 10-K to kind of…
