Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rocco, and thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
John Olin: Yes. Justin, this is John. I probably wouldn't characterize it as pressure between the third and the fourth quarter. A lot of that is just seasonality of our overall margin structure. We've talked about the back-half margins versus year ago being the strongest in the back half and even stronger in the fourth quarter, and that's exactly what we saw with the fourth quarter, company margins being up 1.7%, but when we dig down a little bit deeper into that and we look at the Freight segment, they were up 2.3 percentage points. So, again, we feel real good about those margins that we did deliver in the fourth quarter in the Freight segment. When we look forward, we've talked about on the overall guidance, you've seen the guidance, and we would expect both our Freight and Transit segments to grow revenue as well as margin in 2024.
John Olin: Yeah, let's keep that -- talking about it in half to half, again, Justin, any given quarter can be moved pretty much by a handful or two of locomotives. So, the most important part is that we expect '24 revenue and operating margins to be up versus 2023, and generally in line with our long-term growth framework. But more specifically, in '24, we expect to see higher revenue growth in the first half versus the second half, and we also expect to see modestly higher margin growth in the first half than the second half. So, when we look at the drivers of the cadence, one continues to be on the volume side, hinges on the timing of our loco and mods deliveries and comping against higher 2023 margins in the second half.
John Olin: So, when we look off over the rest of our investment horizon that we came out with a couple of years ago, we would expect 2% range of CapEx over that entire period of time.
John Olin: Great question, Scott. When we look at across our five business groups and look into 2024, we expect equipment to be the fastest growing, again, for the reasons that Rafael just mentioned on the last question. And with that, I mean, actually, in looking at mods as well, we expect both mods and locos combined to be growing at a faster rate than our average -- the midpoint of the revenue growth, and that will put a little bit of mix headwind in 2024. And again I've said before, in this world, Scott, there's two kinds of mix, there's good mix and bad mix, and this is a case of really good mix. As we mix down a little bit, because we're putting out assets in the marketplace, that will be generating revenues for us for decades to come. So, we feel really good, but there will be a little bit of mix headwinds going forward.
John Olin: With regards to the mods, we tend to look at one or the other, mods and new. If we look at combined mods and new in the year, we said they'd be up double digit, and they were in 2023. As we look forward as I had just mentioned, we do expect them to grow faster than the average, those combined, to grow faster than the average.
John Olin: Yeah, Allison. This is John. So, they're separate. Integration 2.0, we couldn't be more pleased with the performance of that. And, to-date, most of the investment is behind us, and most of the savings are in front of us. So, as we exited 2023, we had a run rate of $22 million. And as we exit 2025, the run rate that we will exit at will be $75 million to $90 million. So, over the next two years, we would expect a significant ramp in moving from $22 million to the $75 million to $90 million, and it will probably be somewhat equal as we ramp from here to on the exit period.
John Olin: Angel, on average, we expect our book-to-bill to be over 1 because we expect to continue to grow in the mid-single digits over the sustainable future, right? But, again, going back to -- some of these orders can be lumpy from time to time, and a lot of them are multi-year, so we're not -- we don't provide a guidance in terms of what we expect forward-looking book-to-bill be, but over time, we would certainly expect it to be over 1.
John Olin: Yeah. So, when we look at portfolio optimization, again, we're looking very focused on overall company profitability and certainly Integration 2.0 is helping to drive that. But in addition to that, we're looking at -- taking a hard look at the portfolio, and looking at the product lines that are not carrying the weight or not delivering the profitability that we expect, or the value that we expect. And with that, we're going out and removing about $110 million of revenue. So, when you look at our overall guidance, you've got to realize too that this revenue isn't going to be there in 2024. So, that's putting a little bit of headwind on the overall midpoint that we've given. But to answer your question, this is very low margin or no margin, Angel. So, it's not having an impact on our profitability going forward, but it is bringing our revenue down, and therefore, we would expect a little bit upward pressure on -- or upward momentum on margin percent.
John Olin: So, Saree, number one is in terms of capital allocation, we are on track to do what we've done in 2023. Again, we couldn't be more pleased with the balance that we had in 2023 when you look at the free cash of about $900 million, operating cash of $1.2 billion, it would sound pretty split between M&A and share repurchases. When we look forward, as you know, we will prioritize M&A over share repurchases as long as we have good strategic bolt-on M&A. And if not, we will return excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases. In relationship to the authorization, it replaced the old authorization that we had. So, we've got the ability to spend up to a $1 billion in share repurchases. And again, that will be determined throughout the year as far as what we have in M&A opportunities.
John Olin: Well, overall, you can figure out where we're -- what we're looking at for incremental margins on a company in total. Freight will certainly be a driver of that, but we also expect margin growth in the Transit side. When you look at, we are lapping some impact to the strike that we had, and that's been incorporated in our overall guidance, right? So, when we look at the margins in general, we're looking at favorable productivity and absorption, and certainly, the benefits of Integration 2.0 as well as portfolio optimization that you mentioned. Now, again, there's going to be some headwinds to that on unfavorable mix.
John Olin: Yeah. We wouldn't expect any unusual aspect of that. There's numerous projects that make up Integration 2.0, and most of them have all been executed. And now it is just different levels as the savings start to drive forward. So, for purposes of modeling, probably more straight line is more accurate than any other way to look at them, that build.
John Olin: Yeah, we would just expect revenue growth to be higher in the first half than in the second half, again, largely how we have some of our delivery of the high-ticket items planned. But, again, whenever you move a few locomotives from one period to the other, or deliveries a little bit ahead or behind, it's hard to get too fine-tuned on that. So, suffice to say that the first-half revenue growth will be a little bit higher than the second half.
John Olin: Bascome, I would think about the LKZ venture that we have as an assembly joint venture. So, it doesn't have any impact on our overall revenue growth or growth into the CIS region. What it does is it improves our supply chain, right? A lot of the things that we were driving through the joint venture were kits that we would make and lot of the parts were made in other parts of the world and shipped in there, and the JV was for the assembly side of it. So now, this just gives us a great operational -- complete control over the operational supply chain in an area of the world that we believe is going to show significant growth going forward.
John Olin: Yeah. We don't break it out specifically, Steve, but when we look at 2024, our equipment group, we expect good growth out of both locomotives as well as mining equipment.
Rafael Santana: Matt, a couple of things. First, the fundamentals for the business are strong. We have the coverage. We have the orders to execute here. The portfolio is well-positioned to provide customers with fairly a significant payback. Fleets are old. And we're still coming out of a trough in terms of customers' investments, India fleets. There's also significant drivers globally. International, as you've heard, is very strong, which drives demand not just on the locomotive front, but if you think about mining, transit, digital and the overall freight. Emissions, as you know, emission regulation is a tailwind for us. We have continued to expand our visibility with really improved backlog coverage, which goes beyond '24, and that really positions us well to deliver ahead of our long-term guidance. With that being said, our guidance takes into consideration a number of factors. If you think about '24, you still have North America carloads continues to be on the low end. We expect parkings to continue to go up, and freight car build is actually down. With that, our approach has consistently ensured really a strong say/do ratio with results ahead of our commitments, and we continue to be committed to overdeliver.
Rafael Santana: So, let me just be clear here. Our backlog is strong. We feel good about it. The pipeline of opportunities show it, as I said, the strongest pipeline we've looked at in the last five years. And despite of some of the dynamics here, we just described to you in North America with carloads, and so forth, we're continuing to see really customers investing for cost, investing for reliability, and we continue to see both an element of growth both for us in North America and international. You're going to have variation here, as John described, quarter-to-quarter, but we're continuing to look at profitable growth as we go in '24, and most importantly, I think we've got a stronger element of international here that really provides us visibility now into '25, '26, and '27.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So, Jerry, last November, CARB petitioned the EPA for a waiver and supports for regulation for in-use locomotives. EPA has not responded to California's waiver request, and the ruling became effective beginning of this year. In one hand, I'd say the outcome of the rule remains fluid, but we are technically very well-positioned to support our customers here for all outcomes. We have the best-in-class products, lowest fuel consumption, lowest emission, best reliability, best availability, and regardless of further regulation what I'll tell you the good news is, our entire installed base will be able to burn bio and renewable fuels. But what's more exciting to me is, our newer fleets, they will ultimately go beyond bio and renewable fuel. We firmly believe we can bridge customers here to their ultimate near-zero emission goals. We are aggressively testing alternative fuels, hydrogen being part of that mix in our newer internal combustion engines, and with really an eye towards enabling customer sustainability journey, and in parallel, we're integrating batteries, and ultimately hybrid systems into our fleet. So, we have not incorporated regulatory change into our guidance. So, that would be a tailwind for us.
Rafael Santana: Hey, Rob. Our customers invest for returns at the end of the day. So, it's just really comes down to making sure as they look into their fleets, they've got really the opportunity here to continue to drive costs down, to drive reliability up, and improve service levels, and I think that continues. When I look at that investment, of course, we're coming from trough levels here in the past. We have growth coming into '23. We have still significant growth in '24, and the recent order that you just referred to, it just gives us greater visibility into really continue to grow market. I think we still have, I think, an opportunity to grow here as we get closer here to what I'll call average replacement rates with really the older fleets we've had. I think some of the elements on what customers decide to invest in could be shaped here certainly by regulation, but most importantly, I think, it's going to get shaped by some of the elements of technology that we're introducing, that allows faster payback, a greater payback, and greater flexibility to really, I'll call, ultimately bridge customers here into a lower emissions environment, and that's how we look at it.
Rafael Santana: So, strong growth here going to '24, and, Scott, with greater visibility ahead. On your question on battery electric, we're continuing to make progress here. In the fourth quarter, as you know, we unveiled the first heavy-haul battery electric locomotive with over 7 megawatts of power. These units will start running this year in Australia. And on that, I think fuel continues to be a one of the biggest cost for customers. There's a continued focus here on driving efficiency. We've got a number of pilots and demo projects, and while we do not expect broad adoption of these, there's going to be some really key opportunities here that we're ready to work on and support customers on.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So number one, I think during the quarter, I think in one side, while we saw higher demand from international, when you think about PTC, on-board locomotive, digital mine, we saw really a softer demand here, which is continuing with US, driven by really discretionary OpEx and the commuter signaling business. What I'd say is the pipeline of opportunities remains strong, driven primarily by international and also by digital mining solutions. I'd say recurring revenues in short-term convertibility continues to be a focus area for the group. But I think what's more exciting here, something we announced in the fourth quarter, which is really tied to us entering the railcar telematics market. We are creating a platform here with proven technology, and this is a market of 1.6 million freight cars. It is a multi-billion dollar opportunity for us, one that we will be providing real-time data to railcar, and tank car owners. And we're -- opportunities like this will keep propelling growth and profitable growth for this business.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. When you think of revenue side, I think you heard me describing stronger international pipeline, which I think, ultimately, wants to reflect stronger growth internationally as we look especially beyond '24 in that regard. So, we see a strong pipeline of deals, some of them signed last year. We'll see a part of those converting into backlog this year, which will continue to signal really the strength that we've got longer term in the business. I think with regards to specific margins, I mean, this is really project-by-project driven, as John described. I think there is an element of still headwinds just associated with pace in which we grow both the new locomotive business, but also the mods business at a rate -- at a growth rate faster than the overall company.
Rafael Santana: So, a couple of things. I mean, we will have variation here to quarter-to-quarter. Just reflecting last four quarters, I mean, we have quarters on low-single digits, we have quarters on double digits. And I think you're going to see some of that variation. How we run the business is making sure that we've got that convertibility built out 12 months out, 18 months out, and we got to really think about the lead times we've got associated with our products. So, it's making sure that we have that coverage. If you think in specific about '24, I think, there's some elements of coverage, especially for the flow products that really need to -- really be executed through the year. And if you keep in mind, you've got things like the freight car build, which is down. So, you do have some elements here that play out through the year. But bottom line is, we feel strong about both the coverage, and about the ability here to continue to drive profitable growth with the pipeline we have.
Rafael Santana: So, what we described was carloads being, I'll call it, to some extent muted for the year. That has, of course, been included into our guidance. What I think you have that more than offsets this is the continued opportunity here for customers to really invest for returns, it's really by driving productivity, lowering costs, replacing, in some cases, three units for two units, and I think those dynamics remain in place and remain in place not just for '24 as you see reflected here by the orders that we just got. We think, at least from a fleet perspective and parkings, service levels have really -- the focus on service levels has really kept the active fleets relatively stable, and we would expect us to continue to be -- have a favorable market dynamics for North America included.
Rafael Santana: We have significant growth in '24, we have significant growth in '25, and we have an opportunity here to utilize that installed -- that manufacturing footprint to export outside of Kazakhstan, and I think that's a significant element here. On the top of this, just had some really strong returns for us.
Rafael Santana: Steve, it's, I think, a challenge here. Might have, again, variation as we go through it, but they're strong. They're strong, both strong, and a lot of it really internationally driven and beyond '24.
Rafael Santana: We won't get into the specifics or guiding for Transit or for Freight. What I'll tell you, on Transit, the fundamentals for the business continue to be strong, book-to-bill ratio closed over 1 for the year. While we are pleased with the progress, we continue to do significant work here to simplify the footprint. This business will deliver on margin expansion in '24. Integration 2.0 is a significant contributor to that. But we will continue to have variation quarter-to-quarter, driven by really mix and timing of project.
