Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtec’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana, CFO Pat Dugan, and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz.  Today’s slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on Wabteccorp.com. Some statements we’re making are forward-looking and based on the best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation.  We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. Now I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Rafael. We will now move onto questions. Before we do, out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please re-join the queue. With that, Operator, we are now ready to take our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you Rachel.  Thank you everyone for participating today. We look forward to catching up with you next quarter. Thank you.
Rafael Santana: Let me start first with the following. We’re working of course very closely with our customers. I think while transit authorities around the globe, they are seeing operating budgets constrained, I think there is really strong support in terms of government stimulus for them to navigate through this. At this point, we haven’t seen any project cancellations, but we continue to work with customers and I think the dynamics at this point, they remain a positive. I think there’s still going to be volatility in terms of some of the measures that you see taking place in places like Europe, but we don’t feel that that’s going to go back to what I’ll call the worst trough levels of COVID, so overall positive trends. A couple other comments here. If you think about transit, I think it’s been slower in the U.S. versus other markets. I call out that the U.S. market represents only 15% of what we do in the transit market, so I think that’s also an important element.  With that, I think I’m really proud to see how the team has embraced change. They are driving improvement. We see that coming into our order backlog. I think I’ve said it before and the trend continues, our backlog today has got margins that are 100% at least higher than they were a year ago. We’ve seen improved execution, and I think we’re moving in the right direction with that business, so we’re committed to continue to improve margins over time.
Rafael Santana: You’ve got it. Margins were primarily impacted by mix, and Allison, just very straightforward, right - when I’ve got equipment growing at 35% in the quarter and at the same time, I’ve got services which is a much larger business with digital electronics - I mean, services was down 19% with digital electronics at 13%. That’s really what drove that. We can have those variations just based on mix. We remain focused on improving margins. I think we’re taking a lot of the right actions in different areas. We’re delivering on synergies. We’ve been taking action on SG&A and indirect costs, and we’re going to continue to move in that direction.
Rafael Santana: Okay, so let me take a step back, first with the second quarter on services, because I think it’s important just to understand. Think of car loads in the second quarter were down close to 20%. We saw on the other side our revenues came down about 9%. Now when you come into the third quarter, so there’s clearly a lag there, when you’re coming to the third quarter, while car loads were down, I think 7.5%, we’ve seen volume improvement of about 1%.  Here’s some things to keep in mind. I think there is naturally a lag there. What I’ll tell you, what we’re seeing from a services perspective, there’s clearly a pick-up in terms of, I’ll call it recovery. It started first in our international markets and we saw fleets getting parts, and I think we’re seeing volumes continue to move in the right direction. There was a lag into North America but we’ve also seen that improving, as I think continuing to move forward. It’s a shorter cycle business, but the trends that I’m looking at right now, they’re positive for the services business. You asked specifically on mods. I think there is--there’s pent-up demand being created in terms of fleets that didn’t run, so overhauls that have pushed to the right, potential investments in the fleet that have not been done in the course of the last couple years that have also pushed to the right, and that pent-up demand is going to come, so we do expect growth in mods moving forward.  I’ll step away from providing you any specifics in quarter over quarter because we can have variation on that, but I think there’s positive dynamics there in the services business.
Rafael Santana: Let me start with the last part - yes, we have done that study, really great turnout. I think the amount of feedback was great, very specific, very candid answers, so we’re continuing to work on that. With that, a couple things in mind. Number one, I think there is an element of providing what I’ll call a little more details in terms of some of our segments, which we’re going to work with you to make sure that we look into those as we go into next year.  On capital allocation, what I would like to tell you is, number one, we are committed to drive organic growth and continue the R&D investments that really drive differentiation and innovation for our customers - that’s top of mind. Of course, we are looking and reprioritizing as we look at the current environment, and very committed there. We’re also confident about our ability to drive cash and to reduce debt. Just think about just the last 12 months - we have paid down $490 million of debt and at the same time, we were driving over $190 million of both stock buybacks and dividends. Right now and as I look at it, our current stock price presents significant opportunity to return value to shareholders. We currently have a share repurchase authorization for $400 million, and we are intensifying buybacks. That’s the focus now.
Rafael Santana: The answer is yes. Number one, I think if you look at our headcount numbers, we’ve reduced 3% quarter-over-quarter, 13% versus a year ago. I think there’s a lot of learnings that came from just the COVID period. We’ve looked at different areas, and I’ve got to tell you there is an opportunity here to win even more productivity for certain areas of the company if you work remotely. There’s some other ones that’s not the case, but we do see the opportunity to drive increased leverage, and we will be growing margins as a result of volume growth [indiscernible].
Rafael Santana: I’ll tell you what’s pushing that out a little bit right now, and it’s just a function of volume. But with the guidance of what we’ve provided with the $150 million for the year, we’re committed to that and we’re going to deliver on that. We’re tracking to that, we have not broken down that on the quarter , but we’re tracking to be north of $150 million for the year, and we will deliver the $250 million before end of next year, so moving in that direction. What I’ll say is of course volume conditions improve, it can only help us there.
Rafael Santana: Yes, I’ll say this is ongoing work, right? You have a backlog that you’ve got to work through. I think the comments I would make is I think for more than a year now, we have been really disciplined about the quality of that backlog and the orders we take, so the specific terms and conditions that come with those orders, and that’s where I say that we’ve got over 100 basis points of margin improvement on that backlog, so it’s a continuation.  I think execution is a lot better. I think we’ve got improvement in terms of on-time delivery. The team has really embraced the principles of lean across our operations. We’re going through a significant exercise on making sure that we’ve got what I’ll call a more--just a more efficient footprint.  Without mentioning the business here, I run sometimes into businesses where you have eight locations, different groups of engineers in each one of those locations, designing things to a lot of times different spec, sometimes to support similar customers. We have the opportunity here to have what I’ll call centers of excellence when it comes down to engineering. We have some of those established in places like India, so we have the opportunity to significantly reduce costs, and we really don’t need those eight sites. I can do with that maybe four or five, and I think that’s something that we’re going to continue to pursue. We’re being very disciplined about it, but we’re going to continue to drive margins up, so we’re committed to the framework that we’ve highlighted before, which is over 100 basis points on average per year. I think we see the opportunity to do better this year, and we’re not going to be pushing for anything less than another 100 next year.
Rafael Santana: So the headcount reductions are really cutting across the business. This is not in one specific area.
Rafael Santana: Let me give you a sense of our end markets. Of course I’m not going to get into the elements here of giving guidance into 2021, but the way I look at our end markets, let me just start with maybe the transit piece of it. I think we’re continuing to see positive signs of recovery. If you look at our backlog right now, it’s larger than it was a year ago and I think we’re continuing to see good trends there.  The second piece would clearly come down to really, I’ll call it the freight side. I think we’re positive on services. As I mentioned before, I think we’ve seen the pick-up on services from the trough levels in the second quarter start first in the international markets, then we saw that--a little bit of a lag, but then it came into North America, and I think we see positive trends there. I think there’s of course--there is a shorter nature of the cycle of that business, so things tend to pick up faster. Now when you go to the equipment side, I think we’re kind of seeing similar dynamics, meaning if you think about the pipeline of opportunity that we were working versus six months ago, we see significant improvement. It started once again in the international markets. I think there is positive signs on some of this pipeline actually converting into the fourth quarter, which means even a possibility specifically in one of those markets to already deliver, so bringing revenues into 2021. But we’ve got to see that taking, I’ll call a broader impact across international markets.  I think ultimately you’re going to see that happening in North America, but there is of course a lag there, and when you look at our equipment business, there is an element of, I’ll call it longer cycle into that perspective. But as you highlighted, I think there’s pent-up demand in terms of just utilization that didn’t happen of fleets during this year, and that has pushed out many elements of maintenance to the right, so there’s pent-up demand in that regard.  With that being said, there’s of course a lot of volatility still. We’re working hard. There’s a lot of focus and working very closely with our customers, because I think we can provide them significant opportunities here to accelerate some of this, I’ll call it investment in the fleet. Keep in mind, I think there’s been an under-investment in the fleet and the fleet is aging, and the good news is we are accelerating a lot of investments we’ve done in terms of technology to improve efficiency in those fleets, so if you think about those mods and those overhauls, I expect to be able to deliver to the customer increased fuel efficiency. I expect to increase reliability on those fleets. With our digital electronics portfolio, we do expect to have an opportunity there to also increase technology. We’ve just talked about an order we got on zero-to-zero with a Class 1 in North America - that’s another building block towards automation. The significance of that, that opens up really room for me to introduce that into a lot of Class 1s. Think of products like trip optimizer - this is something that builds on the top of that, so I think we’ve got some good dynamics here to work from.
Rafael Santana: Again staying away from commenting on mix and specifics on the quarter, what I’ll say is we’re confident with the guidance we’ve provided, and we’re committed to hit that guidance. With that, I think there’s also an element of cash flows, and I think we’re seeing all of our teams working through that. There’s of course headwinds into the quarter, but we feel strong about the guidance we’re providing at this point.
Rafael Santana: When I talk about pipeline of opportunities and option to convert those into orders, I think we’re seeing some positive signs in places like Latin America, and we have the opportunity here to convert some of those orders already in the fourth quarter - the team feels strong about it. We’re seeing similar trends in places like Kazakhstan, and there’s picked up activity in some other markets which I’d rather not open up at this point. We’re certainly--we face strong competition wherever we go, and we want to make sure that we continue to progress in that direction.
Rafael Santana: I think a piece of it was the order that we announced on New York City Transit - that was certainly a significant element of that. It’s a big opportunity for us here to continue to expand on electrification of our market, so this battery electric locomotive, we see this as a great solution for our customers. There has been a great degree of interest, and we’re moving into what I’ll call the phase two of that with a couple different customers, so we expect that to continue. The other piece I’ll mention to you is mining. I think mining has demonstrated resilience and even as we go forward here, I think there is really an element of resilience, especially when you look at iron ore, copper and some specific commodities, so that’s also another resilient part of the business.
Rafael Santana: Two things - there has been significant improvement in productivity and efficiency. I look at the last two years, we’ve significantly improved the profitability of the contract that we are executing, so it’s a positive there. When you talk about last quarter, I mean, of course it’s been very disruptive. Between COVID hit, between monsoon season, I can’t say things have been necessarily easy, but I think the team has continued to progress. We have delivered more than 130 locomotives at this point, and I’d say the team is very much committed to deliver the minimum 100 locomotives per year, so we feel positive about the dynamics. But very tough dynamics in the course of the last 90-plus days.
Rafael Santana: Yes, so a couple things. On the freight car side, I think you all look at the same reports we do. I think for this year, the number for freight cars is probably around 30,000. As you look into next year, there is an expectation for that to drop down to potentially mid-20s. I guess the question here is, there’s potentially some stimulus incentive that could improve those numbers, but right now we’d be thinking about numbers around 25,000 to 30,000, depending on how that plays out. When I think about locomotives, I think you’ve got to break out the elements of North American and international. I think international, we continue to see a robust pipeline and good opportunities here for us. I think North America, as I had mentioned, there’s a lag here so keep in mind the longer cycle nature of these orders in order to be fulfilled.  Those are maybe--I think--hopefully that answers part of your question. I think mining, which is another element here, I think we see mining resilience at this point. Oh, and on electrification, which you asked about it. We see the opportunity here to enter into some areas of electrification with differentiation, which would mean driving value for both our customers and for ourselves. I’ll talk to you more about it in the first quarter of next year, but that’s an exciting area that will also help us, I think, accelerate growth in the business. I think there’s an element of pent-up demand that I talked to you about. There’s an element of, for me, accelerating technology into our fleets, which will ultimately accelerate the investments, so you have more reliable and more efficient fleets, and there’s an element here of stepping into new areas, so we’re really working hard to build on the right set of dynamics to drive growth. On mods, we do see positive trends going to next year.
Rafael Santana: I think we’ve seen a little bit, but it’s--I mean, in the scheme of things, I could call it immaterial. I think what’s been important is we see an element of--the opportunity is real. It takes sometimes a little bit longer just in terms of customers wanting to test it before they fully adopt it, but we’re doing that across the board. I think broader than that, we’ve seen the fact that we’re so penetrated in so many different regions, we see now teams [indiscernible] of different products that before we couldn’t even think about selling. We’re selling our heat exchanger business here in the U.S. - we’ve never been able to reach the kind of businesses we’re getting on in Russia. We just signed about a $5 million deal - while it’s small, it just give you the sense of how we can really take these products into a broader sense. We’re educating our teams through it. I think there is a sense of really having a broader product portfolio that we can win share out there, and the fact that we’re improving now profitability in transit, it also allows us to be a lot more aggressive on going after market share in some areas and drive profitable growth, so just stronger team together.
Rafael Santana: A couple things. We’re not giving guidance into next year. I think what I provided was just a perspective on how do I see the recovery taking place. I think there’s an element of our business which is tied to services with shorter cycles, and we’re seeing the recovery there, so with shorter cycle you’re able to deliver most of the time in what I call less than six months. There’s an element of equipment which is longer cycle, and I’d say a lot of cases you’re looking at deliveries above 12 months, and I think the signs we’re seeing of order recovery, we started to see that, as I described to you with the pipeline, that started first internationally, and we do expect some of those conversions to already start here in the fourth quarter, but North America has been lagging behind.
Rafael Santana: A couple things - number one, we’re not going to comment on any specific customers and customer orders or transactions, but I would say transit authorities around the globe, they are really seeing operating budget constraints. We haven’t seen, as I told you before, project cancellations at this point. I think there is significant opportunity for those transit authorities to also drive what I’ll call a shift to green, and we’re seeing significant investments on that and that helps a lot of these elements. That’s maybe where I’ll finish.
Rafael Santana: I think there’s huge interest on it. There’s clearly an opportunity to already apply some of these in some specific routes, so we’ve got--well, we’re going to start a pilot here very soon in California, and we’ve started some of the elements of what I’ll call the next phase, and I think there’s some real interest. If you think about the elements of fuel efficiency that could be gained from this significantly, and due to all the dynamics you see in the automotive industry, we’re seeing really significant progress in terms of just the power density on those batteries, life continues to improve, and cost continues to come down, and that’s really accelerating some of the opportunity here that we see.
Rafael Santana: Well, a couple comments there. Number one, let’s just talk about from tier 4 and how much has been adopted and how much has become a significant part of the install base. I think if I look at it, I think it’s still under--it’s maybe 1,200 units of tier 4 installed, and if you consider the install base, it’s minimal at this point. So before we jump into the next wave, I think it’s important to look at what is available out there and make sure that, I think, ultimately you’re taking advantage of the products that have been developed.  Now when it comes down to tier 5, I think battery electric, as I described to you, can really potentially drive even more benefits than simply thinking about whatever tier 5 would mean, so we’re talking here 15% to 30%-plus reduction on fuel on routes, and that’s massive. That’s probably not been obtained through any of the other programs that have been done in the past, so that’s why we look at battery electric as really a leap forward.
Rafael Santana: But let me be very specific - as we go into next year, we’re going to see that number to be less than 50 and it’s going to be limited to the India contract, so I just want to remove any sense that there is a lack of profitability associated with international contracts.
Rafael Santana: Let me give you more color here. When you look at countries that we’ve had an established presence, that’s been mature with a product that’s also been mature, good profitability, and I can speak of places like Brazil, I can speak of places like Kazakhstan, I can speak of places like Australia, of course the U.S. market now, and as you go into new markets, as Pat described, which was the case of India, investing on a brand-new platform, so you’re designing a product for the first time, you’re investing in infrastructure, and that’s where you’ll see those be on the lower end side. Even in Africa, we went through that in the beginning, and today it’s a mature market. We have established a mature presence there, so that’s maybe the way to think about it.
Rafael Santana: And ultimately an install base that’s going to be there for the next 30 years, that you’re going to be serving on the aftermarket side. 
Rafael Santana: I’ll just take your question being very focused on the locomotive side. We are like at trough levels here on the locomotive side, and by the time you get pretty close to zero, I tend to think things go up, so the question for me here is more on the pacing, so it’s more on the pace of recovery. That’s where I started with the elements of the international. I think we see a robust pipeline versus what we saw six months ago, and we’re starting to see some good indications of potentially converting that. North America is lagging behind.
Rafael Santana: We had a meeting just two days ago with one of those authorities in Europe, and what I’ll tell you right now is they are maintaining their budgets at this point, but of course there is a lot of volatility as he would have described it in terms of what happens here on this wave 2. But they are committed to keep the fleets running at this point and they did not at this point pin down to any project cancellations, so just trying to give you a perspective of one customer. Of course, we’re working with various customers, very closely, so I think it’s something to continue to watch. I think the commitment to have trains running and operating, I think it’s there. Could we have a risk that if this thing delays further, that at a certain point there’s delay in projects, I guess that could be a possibility. I wouldn’t be speculating at this time, so right now I think the trends, and even as you’re looking to some of the industry reports, those point out to [indiscernible]. I think we’ve got some good indications there at this point.
Pat Dugan: No, I just think it’s worth mentioning that we’re still a run rate of about $25 million of revenue each quarter, and it’s flat year over year and quarter over quarter, and it’s at a margin that’s right around breakeven, so there’s no element of that that has made this margin better than in other quarters. This is really--the margin improvement has come from the things that Rafael talked about - cost actions, efficiencies, synergies, all those items and things that we outlined earlier and are executing on now.
Pat Dugan: Okay Saree, so in the quarter, the impact of that below market intangible is $12.5 million, so lower than previous quarters, and we expect for the full year that, as we’ve talked, that it’s about flat year over year. Then from a profile standpoint, we definitely see that coming down. The specific accounting that you’re referring to is--those locomotive units will have been falling off and we’ll see the number decline into next year.
Pat Dugan: Yes Saree, so the margin on international projects for locomotives is good. It’s obviously higher. This specific accounting item that you’re asking was just really related to two new markets, new markets where costs were incurred as part of localization of initial engineering that’s non-recurring, and very typical with brand new, new product development and business development opportunities.  But on a go forward basis, we have pockets of international projects where the profitability level is really good. It can be higher than average, it can be--it’s not really appropriate to look at it as international projects are less profitable in locomotives than the average. It really comes down to how long we’ve been established and have been operating in those locations.
Pat Dugan: And these decisions to enter into these markets, really it’s because they’re a strategic opportunity, so you get yourself established, you have a long lived contract with opportunity for lean activities and variable cost productivity improvements, and so when you get in and the initial cost is behind you, you end up with add-on orders and additional units that really enjoy a good margin.
