Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's third quarter 2022 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we're making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. Before we do, and out of considerations for others on the call, I ask you that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone for participating today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you. Goodbye.
John Olin: Thanks, Justin. Nothing has really changed since we've come out on the year. The back half is going to be lower than prior year and certainly in the first half largely driven by mix. And Justin, the zero win on the fourth quarter, we do expect mix to still be the largest driver or the lower margin. What we said last quarter though was that we expected the third quarter to be the lowest margin of the year. And the reason I'm sorry, and given where we ended up at 16.4 that came in, I'm exceeding our expectations and really what that does Justin is just puts us the fourth quarter down to be slightly lower than the third quarter.
John Olin: Yes, Jerry. I think the year is unfolding very much the way we expected with regards to the cost that we're seeing and they are continuing to rise and we saw them rise quite a bit in the second quarter into the third quarter. In addition, we were seeing a pricing rise. And we talked about as we exited the second quarter, we read price on cost equilibrium at that point. We continue to remain there. But on to your point, Jerry, we did see a large jump in the pricing recovery that we got during the quarter as well as on the higher cost that we and hedged up well with the higher cost that we realize.
John Olin: Scott. With regards to the backlog, we certainly saw it come down sequentially by 4.7%. However, on a year to date basis, we're up 9.8% prior to currency. And when you adjust for currency, we're seeing it up about 15%. And again, we've talked about backlogs, sometimes they can be a little bit lumpy. So sequentially, we're down a little bit, but I think the right way to look at it is over time. And we certainly feel very good about the fact that X currency were up 15% for the 12 month backlog. The second question was with regards to.
John Olin: Yes. I think that overall, Scott, over the next several years, mix is going to be a headwind, right. And this is what we talked about investor day, as we look to the railroads are starting to renew their fleets. And we saw some of that activity this year with the UPE and CN as well as the NS module deals that we're going to have to face some lower or headwind or mix headwinds over the next several years. But having said that, we've got a lot of growth and a lot of fixed costs to absorb. And we would expect to see our margins grow by 250 to 300 basis points over the next five years. So call it an average of about a 0.5% over that period of time. That's inclusive of mix headwinds.
John Olin: Allison, when we look in the near term, we are certainly seeing some headwinds in our transit business. Currency being the most notable. And again, when you look at the quarter with revenues being down 10.1%, you reverse out currency, you'd be up 2.6%. And then again, we had the other headwind of the year, which is the cyber event that largely hit our transit group. That held back about 5% of revenue in the third quarter. So we'd be up over 7% in the underlying business. And that's the best we've been in numerous quarters. So we feel good about that. And again, from a margin standpoint, while margins were down in the quarter, 1.5 points. That's explained again, by the cyber incident. We had about $8 million of temporary variable labor inefficiencies. So this is on labor that was idled more severely underutilized as we work through the cyber incident. And with those are both behind us. And as we look forward, we would expect no impact from cyber moving forward.
John Olin: No. I think it's just the fact that the team is very focused on. I'm doing more with less, and of the overall lean principles that are being deployed throughout the company as it's coming through in our capital budgets as well. So we're - as you noted, from 2% of revenue estimate, we're down to one and three quarters percent. And also to note that we didn't talk about in the prepared remarks is our effective tax rate is down from an expectation of 26% to 25%.
John Olin: Yes. When we look at the freight margin and coming in a little bit higher than expected. I think there's two things though to look at Dillon. Number one is mix was a little bit less unfavorable. And then secondly, the foreign currency exchange, right, that was actually a benefit, the margins during the quarter, and it came in a little bit more than we had expected in terms of the overall impact on our business. But again, it hurts on profits, but helped out margins a little bit.
John Olin: Yes. The comment was inclusive of all of our costs, rising cost of goods sold, basically. Yes, we're at price costs equilibrium, as we exit the third quarter. With regards to, I think your question specifically on energy, we're managing the best we can. We've got a lot of alternative energy sources in our facilities in Europe, but costs are rising quite a bit. We're certainly happy to see some of the cost controls coming out. But we're in the same boat as all of our competitors are, and probably from a locational standpoint, maybe a little bit better positioned in some of the countries that we're in. And we're managing through it the best we can.
Rafael Santana: Justin, I would add a couple of things there. Just keeping in mind we have over 60% of the new locomotives been shipped in the second half of the year. So, with that we've got some give and some takes between third and fourth quarter. I think most important is we expect margin expansions '22 and most importantly that our teams are executing well and that we're in a strong position to continue our margin expansion into '23 and beyond.
Rafael Santana: Yes. It's early certainly to provide guidance in '23 but we continue to see this strong demand across the business. When we think about the pipeline of deals, we have relevant opportunities across geographies. We have progressed with the pipeline of opportunities both in North America and then internationally. We expect to finish the year with book to bill, Justin, about one for all the businesses as we did in '21. I say we're very much on track to finish '22 with double digit increase on orders versus five year despite of FX. And that just provides us strong coverage for '23 and beyond. We pose to extend a little bit on what we're seeing across various geographies, we certainly saw some of the winds we had in Australia and Africa. Volume dynamics continue to be positive in Kazakhstan. We have a number of projects under discussion in Asia. Even mining demand continues to hold with that at this point services' actually growing faster than equipment sales as we go into '23. In North America, I think despite of the carloads being down here today, we continue to see demands for both MODs and new locomotives to a number of discussions going to that. And certainly significant opportunity for some of the class ones to further improve operating ratio and to while so bring significant impact to their ESG targets. So, transits I think infrastructure spanning continues to be a positive for us. And I think all-in-all going to '23 we're well-positioned from a backlog coverage and I had from a backlog coverage from what we had a year ago.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, I'd say in the near term we expect inflation to persist and as an organization we'll remain diligent on both cost management and on pricing.
Rafael Santana: Jerry, we would expect the same thing as we saw going up as is coming down. Hopefully the cost will come down, we're seeing a lot of mixed signals. Some are moving in the lower direction and others are actually still rising. But if they do come down, they'll be very similar and the fact that remember that about 60% of our revenue is tied up in long-term contracts that have price escalators. And so, they will adjust as we see those prices adjust. And the additional 40% of cost are going up, will go up and get more pricing and as they come down, we may see a little bit of a benefit there.
Rafael Santana: Well, we're continuing to explore bolt-on acquisitions. I think we're going to be again opportunistic here. We'll need to be strategic with stronger returns and helping us drive ROIC higher and driving faster good also. We're continued to evaluate opportunities there. We think there's opportunity for prices to still come down on those. And with that, I mean, we're committed to ultimately just really by our cash flow and certain buyer returns to shareholders. So, share repurchase will also be a something we're looking at.
Rafael Santana:: Well, as I mentioned before, I think going to 2023, we're well-positioned from a backlog, certainly, ahead of what we were a year ago, I think even the underlying performance of the business we're really very well-positioned to deliver on the five-year guidance that we provided during the Investor Day, last March. So this is less than just about 2023. It's really making sure we're progressing towards the guidance we provided during Investor Day. In our 12 month backlog, adjusted for currency is up approximately 15% at this point in the year versus prior year.
Rafael Santana:: No, no, there's not. Scott. With regards to the Inflation Reduction Act, there's a couple of things. One is there's a tax on, I'm sure repurchases that everyone's aware of. Secondly, there is a minimum tax that could have an impact on our cash on next year. At this point, we don't know enough, because not enough of the regulations are out. But they should be out in the first half. And we'll know a little bit more of the overall impact of the company then.
Rafael Santana:: We're seeing some specific opportunities is really tied to the railroads and some of the operators there, Scott, and we're following up with those opportunities as we work along, I mean, my only comments would be just in battery electric overall, I think the interest continues to be strong on that portfolio that we continue to build, certainly saw that with the order or the MOU we've signed with Kazakhstan and the level of interest continuous across various geographies. So to your point, we could see some benefit coming from some specific projects customers will look at driving in North America.
Rafael Santana:: Let me start. Allison on transit just overall. I think, if you think about really underlying drivers for the business, they're positive. If you look at the backlog coverage for the year, at the end of the third quarter, we're five points ahead at the same time last year. Our 12 month backlog, if you look at constant currency, it's about 16.5%. Our total backlog is up 7.2% on the same basis, and we'll finish 2022 with a book-to-bill above one. So with that being said, I think we're continuing to take action to drive profitable growth in the business. And we're continuing to see investment in that regard.
Rafael Santana:: Let me start. I'll pass it on down to John. But with transit in specific, at this point, we're not seeing any operational disruptions with regards to cyber, as John described. In fact, when we think about the fourth quarter, we would actually expect some level of both manufacturing production and revenue catch up during the fourth quarter on that. In terms of overall dynamics, we're continuing to see a strong pipeline of opportunities out there. I did mention here, that strength really playing out across various geographies. And in many ways across the business. It's all about really driving convertibility into that. So we're certainly proud of what we've seen in the digital electronics business, which is one that I mean, we're continuing to also see very positive dynamics, year today being one of the highest businesses from the book-to-bill perspective. So it's all about converting that pipeline of opportunities. And we are certainly in a stronger position to be driving profitable into 2023 than we were a year ago. And we feel certainly strong about five-year outlook we're providing the business during Investor Day.
Rafael Santana:: So my comment was with regards to the second half of the year, and I said over 60% of the new locomotive deliveries would have happened in the second half. With that there is again, some give and take between third quarter and fourth quarter. And as you'd expect, we could see some variation here, as we progress through that.
Rafael Santana:: So yes, we do expect growth in the service business, despite of the dynamics you just described there. And I think I'll go back to -- we continue to drive towards margin expansion. We feel we're in a strong position here to do so as we look at the coverage we've got going into next year. So that's a positive. We've got strong digital growth, as you see it in the numbers as well. And so yes, we do expect margin expansion going through 2023 and beyond.
Rafael Santana:: I'll just add. Our teams continue to work through contingency plans. So we're certainly looking at dual supplier sourcing, that's something they've been looking at as we really prepare ourselves for an outcome. That it's still uncertain in a lot of ways. But we have invested on really moving some of our sites into lower energy and tasked to use and continue to invest on alternative energy sources there. And also, the cost side of that is like any other rising costs, we will look the price to cover it. And manage our margins, regardless of whether it's an energy spike, or a metal spike or a labor spike, we're very focused on continuing to build those margins.
Rafael Santana:: So, were happy with the acquisition of Nordco. We're ahead of the performer. The team continues to progress very well. We're certainly excited about the opportunities here to drive growth beyond what we have planned for, especially in the international markets. And that's something the team is very focused on. It's about utilizing the footprint that we already have established in other countries to be able to drive down product line, there's a couple geographies that are really keen for us here. And you'll hear more on some of the progress there, the following quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Matt on for Chris. We wanted to touch a little bit more on just broader demand topics. We were wondering what you guys are seeing in terms of the trends in 4Q and more specifically, how the inflationary environment supply chain dislocations have impacted ordering? And where do you see those trends moving forward? I know you touched a little bit on 4Q. But also, if you could give any additional color on 2023 that would that would be fantastic as well? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Adam on for Ken Hoexter. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to drill down on the one of the last questions. I believe you mentioned about you expected a third of the locomotive deliveries in 2022 to happen in the third quarter. So is that relatively in line? Maybe just give me a sense of that and where you expect in 4Q? And maybe also if that was part of the mixed benefit in 3Q? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then maybe just clarify. So, velocities improving, volumes improving and also dwell time coming down a little bit. So net-net, as we think about 2023, should we be still be thinking, growth in the freight services business with the mods built into that? And maybe just any thoughts on mixing margins as well? Thanks.
