Rafael Santana: Thanks, Kristine. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Today I'll share some thoughts on our third quarter performance and strategic priorities for the remainder of the year, then Pat will cover the quarter in greater detail, as well as an overview of both our Freight and Transit segments and our overall market dynamics. As you can see on slide three of the presentation, our third quarter results were on track and we're well-positioned to deliver the continuous strong performance. With sales of over $2 billion due to strength in our service businesses, continued growth in our international markets, as well as the Transit segments. Our aftermarket offerings continue to be stable and prop the parts of our portfolio as well as the key differentiator as we partner with customers over the life cycle of their equipment. This includes our successful modernization program, which closed a significant milestone, which was a first of kind international mods order in the third quarter. We have also seen growth in Transit's aftermarket sales, which contributed to the overall Transit sales growth year-over-year. In line with our goal to drive continued margin expansions, we saw improvement in our adjusted consolidated margin, as a result of higher freight mix and aftermarket along with early traction on our synergy and cost actions. We will continue to take action on improved project execution and we'll remain laser focused on the prioritization of resources and prudent capital allocation. Cost reductions and synergy actions, stemming from Wabtec and GE Transportation merger are also ahead of plan. This is the result of several actions including a reduction of direct and indirect spend, efforts to consolidate over a million square feet across of our facility footprint and the discontinuation of several shared service contracts with GE ahead of schedule. I'm encouraged by what we have accomplished so far and we remain confident that we have accomplished so far and we remain confident that we will deliver a total of $250 million in synergies before 2022. Finally, we continue to deliver strong cash generation in excess of $120 million for the quarter. This was largely driven by higher financial performance strong cash execution will allow us to drive increased shareholder value, while reducing our debt and creating the flexibility needed to fund organic growth, acquisitions stock buybacks and dividends. Based on our third quarter performance and current backlog and our assessment of key markets, we are affirming our cash flow from operations guidance for the full year of approximately $900 million and we're narrowing our adjusted EPS guidance to the higher end of the range to between $4.15 and $4.20. With that, I’ll turn it over to Pat, who will provide you a deeper dive into the financials.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Just sharing a couple of thoughts here. Number one, we're certainly feeling the impact of carloads being down over 3% in the year, also the elements of locomotive parkings. What I'm happy to say is we've seen strength in our business in both transactional parts, multiyear service agreements, especially in the international markets where our locomotive fleets continue to grow. And not to mention our mods program, which I think you hardly talked about in the first quarter internationally, which continues to provide the significant opportunities moving forward. We like the portfolio we have in North America, especially when you think about our digital and electronics portfolio. We feel like we have strong products to help customers be more efficient winning on fuel efficiency. And I think we're progressing on that.
Rafael Santana: So Allison a couple of points. Number one back to the comments I made it before, if anything I'm really confident about our ability to drive margin improvement. And I've got to break that into two fronts. I think on the transit side, Lillian and the team added new leadership including a new CFO, they're being a lot more selective in the terms of the quality of the order intake and there is really increased the accountability in the business to make sure we continue to drive improvement from the outsource deliver margins. So I think early days some progress a long way to go in that business, but we are confident there. On the Freight side of the house, I think we are really accelerating a lot of the synergy actions. We're starting to see some of the benefits. That mentioned $20 million of net synergies we've guided for the year. We expect to exit the year ahead of that and to realize greater synergies in 2020.
Rafael Santana: So a couple of points number one. If you were to look into our sales this year versus last year and if you were to exclude specifically PTC, you'll see a business that's still slightly growing. One thing we feel really positive and confident is our ability to grow our orders. And so far, year-to-date, we're seeing opportunities to consistently do that as we go into 2020.
Rafael Santana: I think at this point most of the announcements are really being around North America, and we expect that to be very much done within the early part of next year. I think – continue to be opportunities out there that we continue to be working on. I think another element to mention year-to-date we've exited 84 office locations that were previously occupied. And we're on track to exit close to 100 office locations by year-end. So that's very much on track and we'll continue to look into the elements of driving further efficiency with the combined portfolios we have.
Rafael Santana: So no. I'd say if anything, we're just really working to accelerate some of these elements, so we can capture more value earlier.
Rafael Santana: Okay. A couple of points here. Number one, at this point I'd stay away from providing specific guidance in 2020. And I'll be careful with speculating on some of those changes translating immediately into the business, because you do have a number of locomotives part. So there's that element in place. So what I'll tell you is we're seeing a very robust international business. We're growing our fleet internationally. When we look at the elements of transactional parts and multiyear service agreements, we see growth on those two segments. And it's part of really partnering with customers for better outcomes on their fleets and element of reliability but also an element of efficiency as they move forward.
Rafael Santana: Again, I'll not at this point provide specific guidance in 2020. But when we look at the opportunity, the pipelines, especially on the equipment side of the business, I'd say about two-thirds of that is coming from international opportunities. And when you think of India, Southeast Asia, those are really part of important growth dynamics for our business and we're tracking a number of projects into their next phase. And we feel we have a strong backlog which really provides us this ability to multiyear. So, as I mentioned before in the last two years, I think we've captured a number of multiyear orders, which provided visibility into the next couple of years. And we feel strong about that. It's very much the case for both the Transit and the Freight segment.
Rafael Santana: I'll start first on the element of controlling what we can and we've been really strong on taking the necessary actions to adjust our business proactively to new realities. I think there's an element of the synergies and the framework we've laid out earlier on. And we're certainly taking advantage of that in terms of accelerating this. And we feel very strong about the installed base we have and the ability to really partner with customers and support outcomes. Our international fleet continues to grow and we're seeing some of those numbers coming through in terms of our transactional part in terms of our multiyear service agreement. And I wouldn't underestimate just the strength of the portfolio in terms of not just the elements of international, but when we look at just diversity of the portfolio to better navigate a cycle than we've ever had before.
Rafael Santana: Yes. Scott, I mean, clearly, it's -- the quarter has got some benefits from the mix of sales. You have a higher mix of aftermarket sales especially in the freight area and the -- and coupled with the policy of harmonization. I think it really just lends itself to a really good margin performance here. So that mix is the biggest impact.
Rafael Santana: No. I think we kind of take a step back. We really need to look at that full year view of sales mix. We're going to probably for the full year get back to our more historic mix of about 40%, 45% OE -- 50 to -- 50%, 60% to 55% on the aftermarket side. That's kind of our traditional mix of sales for a full year period. And when you have that kind of traditional mix you're going to end up with margins that are pretty consistent with our guidance. I just think that our third quarter just tends up being over weighted to the aftermarket. The OE side of our business for Q3 is on -- especially in Freight is somewhere around 30%.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. Yeah. No. I mean, we've obviously been going through our IR strategy and talking about how we cast and describe the business to you and to others. We're going to move some more of cash EPS kind of viewpoint. Obviously, there's a lot of pluses and minuses in the results. It's a low bit noisy, because we really want to try to simplify it by going to a cash EPS goal and then also take these accounting harmonization type things and really step back from them, because we're going to -- we're going to be on a policy. We're going to have an approach and that is combined and consistent across the company. And we'll just include all those kind of aspects of accounting into our guidance. So think of it as including all the accounting harmonization type things and adding back for the non-cash kind of expenses that have occurred as part of the transaction.
Rafael Santana: So when you mean puts and takes free cash flow, I mean, I think that you're going to end up -- I don't want to get into it. We agreed that we don't want to talk too much about 2020 yet, but I think it's really kind of describing it if you look at the full year impact of these things not including the policy harmonization, but not including the impact of the recurring PPA, I think those are the kind of aspects of modeling that we should consider.
Rafael Santana: I think there's a correlation, but there's certainly going to be an element of a lag, especially when you take into consideration the number of parked assets that are currently out there. That's, of course, if you looked at – definitely, if you think just about our services business, which we'll filled out more directly.
Rafael Santana: So from that number, I'd say – from that combined number it's -- the counts have come down right around 3% and that's where we spend it. And you've got about very much, say, 50% of that backlog. I should say two-thirds of that flatline tied to international and about a-third tied to North America.
Rafael Santana: We're certainly driving to – well, margin expansion on both segments. I think we're coming from certainly a low back on the Transit side, so we do expect a broader shot of opportunities there, but it goes for both segments.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. In terms of transaction costs, I think we should be pretty close to having most of those pay here in the third quarter. We still have some restructuring costs that will incur some cash, some non-cash. We'll be updating on those types of things and also cash achiever synergies will be baked into the guidance. But I think the vast majority of the specific transaction costs like fees and professional fees and banker fees, things like that have been taken care of.
Rafael Santana: So, as part of the consolidation of some of the operating facilities, we talked about the consolidation of about 1 million square feet of operating facilities. That did have some impact on our Transit businesses. The cost incurred on moving some of that work. It's transaction costs -- restructuring costs rather that we included in the add back.
Rafael Santana: Absolutely. And we have facilities that do both. Yeah. Exactly they do both transit and freight work. And as we consolidate them there is impact to both sides of the segments.
Rafael Santana: I think we continue to see international that wants to be more than 50% of our business. And as we look into, I call the pipeline for growth especially going to 2020 that wants to be a more robust pipeline in terms of the order stake.
Rafael Santana: I think we have the opportunity to make that continuous tailwind for us. I think we spoke about the opportunity of modernizing installed base and I think the order we got in the first quarter internationally is really the first one. And we'll certainly have a large installed base internationally to build from. So, I think we've done that for North America. It's an opportunity moving forward.
Rafael Santana: When I think of the mining business, I think we're continuing to see a robust services opportunity for upgrades. There's certainly a lot of changes on that market right now and there could be elements of softness as you go into 2020, but I wouldn't be saying more than that.
Rafael Santana: Sure. I think number one as I mentioned before, I think we've got about a third of the pipelines probably associated with North America, two-thirds associated with our international opportunities. I think it's very important the fact that we have multiyear orders, especially work in the course of last couple of years that provides us visibility to the next couple of years for the business. And that's true for both the Freight and the Transit side of the business.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So I think we've talked about where we think the margins will be for the full year and it will be roughly the 14% that we talked about. Where is the mix, where is – how is this manifesting itself higher OE deliveries on some projects for locos and other OE projects which is – and we talked about the fact that the third quarter especially for freight loco services is probably always the strongest part of our – the strongest season for that time because of the timing and how the kind of Class 1s do their maintenance. So I think between those elements and the guidance you can kind of get a sense of where the quarter – quarter EBIT margin is going to be and we've included all those factors those assumptions in our full year guidance.
Rafael Santana: I think we continue to look at some robust opportunity internationally. And as we go around the world, I mean Asia seems to certainly be a brighter spot for us whereas if I talk about Australia and New Zealand or India, we certainly see good amount of opportunity in Indonesia as well. As far as the transit market goes, the team is working strongly on opportunities in both Europe and North America as well. We're following through a number of the next phases of projects we've done in Africa. And I think that's an exciting part of the portfolio where we have the opportunity to offset some of the softness of North America.
Rafael Santana: Yes. I mean we're largely still on the same schedule that we talked about before. The margin is very low and we have about $25 million of revenue impact quarter, every quarter okay. So we're still looking at these projects wind up at the end of 2020 with a little bit still not nearly so much $25 million anymore but a little bit rolling into the first quarter of 2021. So we see this as a little bit of a margin headwind for – it's part of our plan to burn off this backlog and be more selective on any projects going forward so we don't have the same situation. I just want to emphasize one thing about the backlog question. I mean, quarter-to-quarter we have fluctuations. It's a lumpy business. You win projects. You add them and you can have some kind of variability quarter-to-quarter and really for me as we focus on the order intake and kind of year-over-year view.
Rafael Santana: No. Like I said, it's just about new customer timing and when they're working on projects. And so they can have some pretty – it can have some impact to the quarter-to-quarter on how you look at the backlog change.
Patrick Dugan: Yeah. So Justin, this is Pat. We're still on our guidance of net synergies of about $20 million being realized for the full year of 2019. There's a lot of activity that's all ongoing related to the cost to achieve those synergies and how they're impacting us. And we're very confident that that $20 million net will be realized in the current year. And we're taking steps to in some instances to take the extra effort to see that we can accelerate those synergies into going into next year. We're not going to give a lot of guidance at this time about the synergy plan, but we did say that we feel very confident of the $250 million for 2022 and we'll continue to update people once we get into more 2020 guidance and our investor days.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. Justin, if anything – since I've started, I'm feeling more confident about our ability to drive improvement in our margins. We are seeing an acceleration in synergies and we do expect that to go into 2020. I think you've seen a number of planned consolidations that we've announced. In addition to that we're certainly making the necessary adjustments for the business as we face the new realities.
Patrick Dugan: So Allison, I would add to that is that the Transit business is also part of the overall synergy plan and restructuring. And if you look at the margin kind of on a quarter-over-quarter basis, I feel good that we're showing a positive trend quarters that are improving and the momentum going into the fourth quarter into next year will really start to show the benefits of those actions.
Patrick Dugan: So the policy harmonization, the majority of that number is really related to revenue recognition policy and really represents a bridge from the two -- the legacy business to where we are today. These numbers are very consistent with what we included in our original guidance at the date we closed and even with some of the numbers that were provided in the merger documents and the pro forma and the proxy statements. What it really represents is a business process that the GE Transportation used related to their service contracts, where the team would focus on getting more efficient. If you want to use the word lean, lean out some of the maintenance projects to understand what costs need to be incurred or don't need to be incurred, how we can do it more efficiently, how we can apply better productivity, better sourcing or stagger some of the cost related to the projects in a manner that would be beneficial and take a cumulative catch-up adjustment related to those efforts. The way they’ll manifest for us on a go-forward basis is better profitability in those projects in the future years. That profitability will be real cash earnings and will show in margin expansion for those particular service contracts in each year as we do our planning. So again it's very consistent with what we provided before. It's -- the number hasn't changed, hasn't grown. The seasonality matches the underlying business process and, in my mind, really represents the opportunity going forward in both our profitability and our cash.
Patrick Dugan: It sounds like 2020 guidance to me, but, yeah. I think, the cash flow view is, it continues to be strong. I think we talk a lot about some of the headwinds we – were reality for the company, as we combine. I think it's – I think, with all cases, our target, our expectation is that it could do better. And so, that $900 million is with the type of EBITDA profile that we provided in previous communications would indicate that it's – we have a real opportunity to improve upon it.
Patrick Dugan: Right. I think so. I think it would be very useful and I think it goes well with the EBITDA profile of the company and that's the plan. So we're going to go forward in terms of 2020 guidance and describing the business and include that in the numbers.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, exactly. So, when we get into the guidance next year, we will not be taking any of these as add-backs or adjustments, they will be included in our guidance.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. Well, I think the way to think of it is it will be a headwind to sales because the process, the way we've handled it in the past was to book these kind of cumulative adjustments for these projects where it will be a benefit or a tailwind will be the fact that it will result in real margin expansion not nearly as much because it's really kind of within the quarter as incurred in real cash, but it will be a tailwind as these projects are -- we execute on these projects and get the benefits.
