Kyra Yates: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted to our website earlier today and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics.  I will now turn the call over to Rafael. 
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. [Operator Instructions]  Operator, we are now ready for our first question. 
Kyra Yates: Thank you, Dave and thank you, everyone, for your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Goodbye. 
John Olin: Great, Justin. When we look at the freight margins up 5.1 percentage points, we do not expect to end the year up 5.1 percentage points. There are a few things in there that are going to bring it down over the course of the back half. But overall, our margins are building from our guidance -- from the last guidance to this guidance. We feel very good about the way the year is going but specifically, Justin, on freight margin, let's talk about a couple of those pieces. One, there was great operational execution that led the increased productivity, that we would expect would continue.  When we look at a couple of other things. One, mix was very favorable and we expect mix to be favorable in the first half but we do expect mix to turn unfavorable in the back half. So that will be a drag on freight margins a bit in the back half of the year. The second piece is that there was a fair amount of absorption in the quarter given the 13.8 -- or the 17.2% growth of the Freight segment. We don't expect the back half of the year to have such rich revenue growth and therefore, we would expect that to be more neutral in the back half.  And then finally, during the quarter, Justin, we lapped a onetime investment that we made in the year ago period, if you remember, for our next-generation digital development of PDS software. And as lapping that in the first quarter of this year, that's adding about 1/3 of the overall margin benefit to the enterprise overall, so a little bit more in the Freight group. So we don't expect that to repeat. But again, as we look to the back half of the year in freight, we expect margins to be up but just not the same extent as you're seeing in the first quarter. 
John Olin: Yes. Bascome, when we look at locos and mods over the long term, we would expect it to provide a headwind on overall mix. And again, we talked about this. There's good mix and bad mix and this is a really good mix because it puts an asset out there that we're going to make money off of for decades to come. But if we look more nearer in, when we look at -- in the first quarter, as well as the first half, we are actually getting some mix favorability from locos and mods because of what we're comparing to in the year ago period. If you remember in the year ago period, we had talked about an international order that was -- that we delivered over 4 quarters, the back half of '22 and the front half of '23 that was very low margin as we moved into a market. So that's providing some of the mix that you're seeing and that will just be in the first half.  And again, as I mentioned to Justin, we'll start to reverse in the back half. I think, Bascome, the other thing I'd like to point out, as we look at the overall cadence of the year, we talked about this last quarter but we do expect the significant majority of our revenue growth and our profit growth to be in the first half of the year. And this is really due to the production of those locos and mods. As we came out of last year and the strike, we had the production or deliveries of our locos and mods being significantly lower in the first half of the year versus the back half of the year. And our aim this year is to more level load our quarters in that production.  So with that, we expect locos and mods to be up about 30% in terms of deliveries in the first half of the year and down slightly in the back half. And what that's going to do is, shift a fair amount of revenue into the first half. And with that, will come that absorption that we talked about. And again, the mix is favorable in the first half and a little bit unfavorable in the back half. When we look at the back half, we expect it to be favorable on a year-over-year basis, both for revenue growth and for margin growth but at a much more tempered level than we see in the first half, overall, leading to the guidance that we delivered, which is an improvement in revenue growth as well as more profit margin growth. 
John Olin: Yes. Angel, #1 is, we expect a fair amount of free cash for the year. But we've got the balance sheet where we want it. And when I say that it's in that zone of 2 to 2.5x net debt leverage ratio, right, we're towards the low end of that and we feel comfortable with that at this point as well. Having said that, it's -- the cash that we generate, we will prioritize -- with the free cash, we will prioritize first M&A, if we can -- if we find good accretive strategic M&A. And then if not, we'll return the excess cash to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and feel good about the start to the year in terms of share repurchases with $175 million purchased. But we're looking to return all of our excess cash to our shareholders throughout the year. 
John Olin: Ivan, when we look at overall pricing in the quarter, pricing was up slightly and our costs were slightly favorable. And so that helped -- provided a little bit of margin improvement in the quarter. 
John Olin: Yes. We're moving forward with the exit of, I'd call low margin revenue from the business, right? So Matt, when we look at that midpoint of our new guidance at 7.5%, it actually is higher than that, given the fact that we're taking out that $110 million. The majority of that will come out this year but some of it will move into next year as we're working through exit strategies for different product lines. 
John Olin: Yes, James, as we look forward in the business, we believe we see the mid-single digits on the revenue side and double digits on the EPS side. Nothing has changed based on our performance of this year or last year in terms of our longer-term view of the industry and our performance within that industry. 
John Olin: Yes, Adam, we are -- when we look at the cost from a cost standpoint, we are about $120 million, $125 million down the runway of what we were expecting of $135 million to $165 million and that's kind of realized in the first 2 years. And from a standpoint of savings, we run a run rate savings base at $22 million a year as we exited 2023. And with that, Adam, we are ramping up to that $75 million to $90 million that you mentioned as we exit 2025. So we would expect an escalation of the $60 million, the midpoint, $60 million, $65 million, whatever the midpoint is over the next couple of years and would expect that to be somewhat linear. But most of the projects have all been approved and are in different phases of execution and some are actually completing as well. And so we would expect those savings to ramp pretty quickly over the next 2 years. 
John Olin: Yes. When we look at -- from a growth perspective, margin growth perspective, we would expect the preponderance of that growth to be in the first half. We do expect growth, Adam, in the back half but not nearly at the level that we're seeing in the first half. And again, the first half is aided by the fact that revenue is going to be significantly -- the significant majority of revenue will be in the first half. And therefore, the P&L leverage will follow that. And as we've talked about, mix is going to be favorable in the first half and the second half. So we will see a step down in the revenue growth, it will grow and we'll see a step down in the margin growth.  But on a full year basis, we'll exit at our revised guidance and we feel good about that. When we look at the second quarter, we expect the second quarter to be a strong quarter, again, based on the production shifts that we've made, as well as the mix that we've talked about. I don't think it will be at the same level of revenue growth or margin growth but it will be certainly a good quarter. And then again, back half will be more tempered growth. 
Rafael Santana: So Justin, you're right there. I mean, the public comment period was due last Monday. They had a public hearing. I think the outcome here of the rule remains, I'll say quite fluid. So what I'll tell you is, we're technically very well positioned here to support customers for all outcomes. We've got the best-in-class products. We've got the lowest emissions, the lowest fuel consumption, best reliability, ultimately best availability and value for customers there. One thing that I would want to highlight is, the EPA also recently finalized the new standards for highway vehicles, which requires manufacturers to reduce greenhouse gas by 25% for the heavy truck fleet. And the EPA also defined through that, that liquid hydrogen for internal combustion engines would be classified as zero emissions despite of using some oil. And this is important as it allows first for our installed base, the internal combustion engines to use hydrogen which can be transitioned to fuel cells ultimately. But I call this out because this definition of zero emissions, I think, plays well into our plans to help railroads transition to near zero emissions with really a reversible solution here through that period. 
Rafael Santana: Bascome, let me start here because, #1, we're confident on the fundamentals of the business. I mean we've had a strong performance and over the last years and now in this quarter and hopefully comes through here, the team's commitment and the robustness of the strategy. I think we're continuously innovating. I think that's been a key piece, even if you think about mods or new locos. We're continuously adapting to some of these market changes to ensure we remain in a growth trajectory. We've been actively managing our pipeline to really convert some of these opportunities into tangible results. I think we've also continued to take proactive steps when challenges arise in this process.  I think it's important to highlight that you're going to continue to see variation on quarters, yearly results but we're confident here in our ability to continue to drive profitable growth over time in the business. I'll let John comment on the specifics of the quarter and the half. 
Rafael Santana: Yes. So a couple of comments there. #1, this has been really part of a long-term strategy on making sure that we have the most really fuel efficient and fuel is a significant part of the expenses for our customers. So we continue those investments there. I think there is continued opportunity to take advantage of both the Tier 4s and the mods. And I do believe we have some of the best products there in the market. We see that playing not just in North America, we see that playing internationally as well. We really like the opportunity here. And I think customers welcome the ability to transition from known core products and be able to really take advantage of that to significantly reduce carbon emissions. And our engines, I'd say, are well prepared to take on both renewable and biofuels and we're progressing here on really making sure hydrogen is also a part of that solution. So with that, I think we're very well positioned to support customers through that transition. But we're also working on, what I call, zero emissions technologies, which start with some of the elements of the hybrid units that we're delivering this quarter to New York and we're also delivering later this year, the first, really the heavy haul battery-electric locomotive that's going to Australia, which we unveiled last year. So I think we're, with that, continuing to pace some of our investments here in the light of adoption. But with that, we're very well positioned in that regard and we really try to make sure we make our engines as agnostics -- as agnostic as we can to make sure that we provide that reversibility for customers through transition. 
Rafael Santana: So I think, first, I mean, I think there's certainly an element of, I'll call it, overall life cycle cost that those units provide and that's how you got to keep that in mind. And those are investments that have been done over time that have really positioned our fleets to #1, be it the most efficient fleets at an engine level. So it starts there. It's continuous. If you think about our ability to provide service and support to those fleets, so our customers ultimately get not just the fuel efficiency but they get the reliability and availability of those units. And that comes with significant investments we've made over time on an engineering team that are able to really drive what I call continuous improvement to those fleets over time and really the service network that we've got and our ability to support customers across the globe on that.  On the top of that, you include some of the elements of really the digital investments we've made and we continue to make to help customers improve not just fuel efficiency but to improve safety and to improve the various elements that they need. So I think this is really a validation of the investments we continue to make and the differentiation we continue to create in the product. 
Rafael Santana: No, we don't. In fact, I think there's continued opportunity here to drive profitable growth in the business. First, some comments in the quarter. I think they were very much in line with the expectations we had. And those were, some of them tied to the higher OE growth. We had high input costs and some of that was offset by Integration 2.0 savings. But in one end, while we are pleased with the overall progress that the business has had we are continuing significant work there to simplify the footprint, to further improve and sustain margins. So I think you're going to continue to see that variation quarter-to-quarter but the team here is very much committed to continue expanding margins, taking action to drive profitable growth and being more selective too, in terms of the opportunities we tackle, in terms of the differentiation we're able to provide in the products that we have. 
Rafael Santana: We -- as we look at longer term and over time, it's probably a range of 3% to 5%. It's probably a range that we should keep it in mind. But we continue to see favorable book-to-bill there. And I just would emphasize the first comment I made in terms of us being more and more selective about the opportunities that are out there. 
Rafael Santana: Uptake vary, really across the globe, depending on both the availability and the elements of, I'll call subsidies, that could play out there. And I think that's really been a key piece of our strategy, which is ultimately making sure that we've got that flexibility to support customers. So you might have renewable diesel available in a certain part of the country, you might not have it in all parts of the country, how you make sure you ultimately have an engine that's agnostic to that. And playing right to it, we're seeing also government support in terms of creating potentially some areas where you might have hydrogen that might play a role.  And we look at this being again how you help our customers transition, as some of that, I'll call replace, over time with our reversible technology. And I think that's a key piece without -- really making sure you don't lose sight of the development of what I call zero emission technologies, which plays into the battery-electric. It plays ultimately into utilizing higher and higher hydrogen mix, which could lead to fuel cell but some of those are much farther out in terms of the opportunity to adopt, in terms of the maturity of the technology and in terms of the economics that it needs to get to. 
Rafael Santana: I think we continue to see opportunity to drive profitable growth ahead. And I think that's important. And at the same note, you're going to have, again, variation, whether it's quarter-to-quarter, half-over-half but there is strong momentum here in both the pipeline, in both North America and internationally. And I think the auto piece, we sometimes don't talk enough, it's just ongoing lean initiatives, the progress on integration should [indiscernible] the portfolio optimization efforts. I mean those 2 things combined really provide us an opportunity here for both margin and revenue expansion. 
Rafael Santana: I -- there's certainly a choice to be made but it's really very customer-specific. So I wouldn't say there would be not necessarily a complete reversal of that and I do not expect cancellations in that regard. But there would certainly be an element of more thoughts towards really moving forward with the newer technology, especially as we include in that technology, the ability to take on those alternative fuels. I think that really provides the customer here, what I'll call the safe net to transition over time with the reversibility they need. 
Rafael Santana: So 2 comments. I do expect hydrogen to be, I'm going to call both tested and there could be an element here if government potentially steps in to create some corridors where you might be able to introduce that as an alternative fuel into the internal combustion engine. If your question is more around 100% hydrogen utilization, that's later down the road and that goes with fuel cells. That goes with irreversible technology. So that's going to take a bit more time on that. So that's not in the near or midterm. 
Rafael Santana: So we do that similarly. We do that today with LNG. We have a [indiscernible] that's, ultimately you have an engine that's able to mix up to 78% of LNG. So you should think along the same lines. At the same time, if there's any issues as you're running or availability of fuel is not there, you're still able to complete the mission with the current engine that you have on. So I think you could expect to see some experimentation there. There could even be some corridors but I think still going to be a niche application. 
