Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks a lot, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had another good operating performance in the second quarter, with record sales of $638 million and record earnings per diluted share of $0.77. Our backlog has held steady at near record levels at about $1.7 billion backlog. Overall, our business is performing well in what is still a slowly recovering global economy. We've been successful, thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We remain excited about the long-term growth opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets, which continue to be driven by several mega trends. Those trends are increasing global trade and urbanization, continuing need for infrastructure investments and the demand for more environmentally friendly technologies. Today, we increased our 2013 EPS guidance based on our first half results and our current outlook. We now expect full year EPS to be between $2.98 and $3.03, with sales growth of about 8% for the year. This EPS guidance is about 15% higher than our 2012 results. As we said last quarter, transit will drive our top line growth for the year. This is due to our strong transit backlog, both in the U.S. and internationally, as well as acquisitions that we've made in the transit market. We expect freight revenues to continue to pick up into the second half. The second quarter comparison in freight shows the impact of lower freight car build, lower locomotive build, then the prior-year quarter and lower industrial sales. Our guidance assumes the following: There will be continued slow growth in the global economy. There will be stable U.S. and European transit markets, with the emerging countries driving growth. Our transit revenues should grow based on our existing backlog of projects in the U.S. and internationally. We assume that U.S. freight traffic will remain stable, with OEM locomotive and car builds down 10% or more for the year. And lastly, we assume no major changes in foreign exchange rates, and that our tax rate remained steady for the remainder of the year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling costs, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and ready to respond decisively to any changes in market conditions. I'd like to have Ray Betler discuss what we're seeing on our key markets now.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Ray. We continue to focus on growth as a corporation, as well as cash generation. Our priorities for allocating our free cash have not changed. We want to fund our internal growth programs first, acquisitions and return money to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. As you know, our board voted in May to increase our quarterly dividend by 60% to $0.04 per share. That's the third straight year we've increased our dividend. And the board also declared a 2-for-1 stock split in the form of 100% stock dividend. We think both actions were a strong statement of confidence in our future growth opportunities and strategic direction. Our growth strategies also haven't changed. Global market expansion, aftermarket expansion, new products and technology and acquisitions. Looking at our growth strategies from a global and market expansion standpoint, our sales outside of the U.S. were $310 million in the second quarter. That's 50% of total sales versus if you look at 5 years ago, we were only at about 33%. Some of our new projects include a $21 million order for freight car bogie in Mauritania, $15 million order for electronic braking equipment in Australia and a follow-on order for 6 additional freight locomotives in Australia. In the aftermarket expansion area, overall aftermarket sales were -- they ended up being 56% of our total sales at $356 million. That is a growth of 14% compared to the prior-year quarter. We look for opportunities to help our customers when they want to outsource non-transportation functions. For example, we expanded our Chicago service center last year so that we could provide locomotive maintenance, and the facility is already at capacity. From the new product standpoint, we're always focusing on being able to improve the efficiency, the productivity and the safety of the railroads. New products represent about 1/3 of our total annual sales. We've won additional orders for locomotives from MBTA up in Boston. That was 13 units, around $70 million. This is a follow-on order from several years ago. These locomotives dramatically improved fuel efficiency, reduced emissions and lower life cycle cost. They include many components and systems manufactured by other Wabtec units: FastBrake electronic air brakes, air compressors, event recorders, tread brake units, brake shoes, aftercoolers and radiators. Positive train control continues to be a growth opportunity for Wabtec. This quarter, we had sales of about $55 million. We expect that pace to pick up in the second half as we continue to work with the railroads and other industry suppliers that deliver an interoperable system. We feel that our 15% to 20% growth target for this year is within reach. Earlier this week, we announced the PTC contract for North County in San Diego, where we will provide equipment and services for their installation of PTC. We expect to have additional opportunities to work with other transit agencies in the U.S. From an acquisition standpoint, we did not complete any during the quarter, but our activity level remains robust. I would like to now turn it to Alvaro that will talk a little bit about the financials performance in the quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks, Alvaro. As you can see, our team is performing well, with record sales and earnings, good margin performance and a backlog at near record levels. We're anticipating another record year and raised our EPS guidance to $2.98 to $3.03 on revenue growth of about 8%. We remain pleased with our strategic process and our long-term growth opportunities that we see, as countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce costs. With our experienced management team and dedicated workforce, we are poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and to respond to any changes in the market conditions. With that, we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. As you can tell from the guidance, in order to hit that 8%, we would have to have increased sales in the second quarter of about 6% over second half compared to the first half by about 6%. And most of that growth, we feel, is going to come in the freight area, as you stated. Some of that will be from PTC, some of it will be also from our Industrial business. But I think like others in the industrial community, there's still this belief that we should see some improvement in the economy in the second half of the year. Although it sure isn't apparent so far in this quarter that we're starting now.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, Scott, if I understand it correctly, what you have is about 80% of the backlog is in tank cars. And if you take a look at what the Railway Supply Institute puts out, basically, tank car deliveries and orders are about the same at around 7,000 in the quarter. And that's about what the capacity is. So if you have a backlog that's up around 70 -- what is it, 74,000 and 80% of that is in tank cars, and what you get is when the tank cars is at capacity, now there's a lot of, I think, activity gone right now for people to increase their capacity in tank car production, but it's basically limited to about that much right now. So if there's any bottleneck, I believe that that's what it would be.
Albert J. Neupaver: Now this is all new business. This is a new opportunity for us. So it creates an interest and hopefully we'll be able to participate in a number of ways. And we're working hard to do that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, believe me, the calm is not a lack of activity here that we're working on. The calm is we're always being very selective. We take it very, I think, a cautious approach to acquisitions, making sure that we want to be able to close acquisitions. We want them to be good acquisitions. So there's a lot of activity going on right now in that area and hopefully, we'll have things that we could report about in the near future. But I think from a standpoint of what's the environment out there, I think that there's a lot of people that are active in this area as well. So I think it's become more competitive than it has been in the past.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, first of all, our hearts really go out to the people that have been affected by that tragedy. I mean, they definitely are in our thoughts and prayers. And any tragedy like that is truly a tragedy. I must say that -- all I'll say is that our focus at Wabtec has been and will always be to really work on the efficiency, the productivity and the safety of the railroads. So that is what we focus our technology on. That's what we're going to focus on in the future.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think it is. I mean as we go on, we try to refine what we think the year is going to look like. I think everyone in the industrial community, as I stated earlier, felt that the second half was going to be better than the first half. And to be honest with you, some of that improvement that others had been looking for and you could read all the earnings reports that come out, you're going to see that it really hasn't -- it hasn't happened yet. So all we're doing is refine it. We think that we've got good growth strategies that will result in 8%. And by anyone's means, I think that's an excellent performance in a economy on a global basis that is really slowly, slowly, slowly recovering.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the emerging country, the main driver for growth has been China. And China, I think, most recently announced that they're going to try to keep their GDP above 7%. And how they're going to do that is investment in transportation. They didn't just say infrastructure. They said transportation, which is a plus. But as they go from -- they used to be at 10% and it dropped to 9%, 8% and their GDP was growing. That growth across all aspects of the infrastructure helped drive economies in Australia, Brazil and South Africa. And I think that as it slowed down, there is an impact in those marketplaces. And we've seen some of that, but nothing drastic because, again, China, I think, is the driving force for all 3 of those market areas for us.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, that's a good question. We think it's location, location, location. And our Chicago operation is right there where it services a lot of the railroads and some of the leasing companies. And we're actually looking for other areas in the country that we could provide a similar service to our customers. So yes, there's some opportunity there.
Albert J. Neupaver: In a way, service is, as we classify it, is in our aftermarket business. And generally, aftermarket service type activities are a little more profitable than OEM but we also have good profit in our OEM side. So I would say it's very comparable to our average margin area, if not a little better.
Albert J. Neupaver: About $45 million of that was freight and about $10 million of that was international. I don't think we had much transit revenue this quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, there's a number of things that are driving it. Number one is that we're moving along in our large project that we have in South America. And we've progressed into the pilot phase, which is running extremely well. And as that progresses, we could kind of get an idea of what kind of revenue that we could recognize on that project. We also have about, I think, almost $100 million of announced booked backlog in the transit area and some of those projects are moving along as well. And we're starting to talk, and we have been talking to a number of other transit agencies. And hopefully, the other part of it would be the freight railroads and we're continuing to support that initiative. And hopefully, we'll see that, that initiative would result in some continued orders that we would see for onboard equipment. So I think it's all 3 areas.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's basically stable. As you know, I don't know how many quarters in a row now that they remain in a recession. And it hasn't had that much of an impact in the transit arena, and their freight market is not that just large. So we're not seeing any negativity coming out of Europe.
Albert J. Neupaver: We continue to have discussions. I think that most of them would like to see the system [indiscernible] and making sure that the advantages that this particular railroad had anticipated are delivered. We think that we're at the stage where that's being proven out right now. I think the other thing is will impact them is the growth opportunity as they see going forward. This -- for MRFs, as we've communicated, this was a productivity improvement. They had an antiquated signaling system and by putting in this system, they're able to increase their capacity without capital expenditures and rolling stock and maintenance and weigh areas. So I think as the results get proven out, and the market improves in those particular areas, I think that there'll be an increased interest. Now their signaling system may not need adjusted at this moment, but at some point, they're going to need to upgrade and I think it depends on how successful we are where we're at, at MRFs right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, I think right now, we're predicting the project to be totally complete before this time next year. So I think early next year, we're going to be operating and hopefully we'll be talking to them about this is not the total railroad system. There is additional projects that we could have with them as well, depending on their demand.
Albert J. Neupaver: Not really. But I think it's a -- if you take a look, at about 25% of the onboard equivalent locomotives has been equipped. And I think we've openly said that our freight PTC sales have been of the total 350, about 200 of it is freight related.
Albert J. Neupaver: Again, these are tragic accidents, and I think the railroads at least in the U.S. standpoint has had, in 2012 was the safest year ever in history. And our focus is and will continue to be on efficiency, productivity and safety of the railroads.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you at the end of next quarter. Thanks a lot.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm not sure there really is anything unusual in the second quarter. We'll typically have a few one-timers in any quarter, and this quarter is no different. You have some good guys, some bad guys, but I think overall, things are relatively stable. I think we've had a favorable mix. We had good aftermarket programs that result in a favorable mix. SG&A should be relatively stable going forward, maybe up just slightly from where we are right now. If I had to estimate the run rate for SG&A, I'd do it about $65 million, $66 million, something like that going forward. But absent acquisitions, I'm not saying we're not going to do any acquisitions, I'm just saying remodeling purposes absent acquisitions, I think it's relatively stable.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: If you take a look at the -- just the increment in sales and how much of it we were able to drop to the bottom line, we call it contribution margin. Incremental margin, typically, we're only able to able to drop about 20%. And this particular quarter, it's double that. So I think the team executed a quarter extremely well from all facets. I don't think there's one absolute reason why it was there and that's how we view our continuous improvement program. We're going to focus on cost. We're going to focus on getting that contribution margin any time that we have revenue increases. We want it to come to the bottom line. So yes, mix had some favorable impact. And in any different quarter, as Alvaro says, there's pluses and minuses and sometimes the pluses beat the minuses.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Going forward, if I could. I think we expect our expenses to be relatively stable from where we are right now. We're always -- as I think you know, we're always to trying to cut our expenses. And I think we do a pretty good of job with that. But I think going forward, they'll be relatively stable.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would say if you annualize the current pace and takes the budget amount, which I think was about $48 million, and you kind of split the difference, I would say that's probably a rough number for the year, if I had to take a guess.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I figured that one was coming. The total shareholders' equity is about $1.4 billion. I think the number we're working right now is $1.405 billion.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Basically, what -- in terms of the debt, it'll mature July 31. The current debt is at 6 7/8. Obviously, rates are much lower than that. What we'd like to do is do something long term. Right now, we're exploring different alternatives and there's a number of options open. You can do a private placement, you can do term notes, you can issue -- you can issue other public debt. And what we've done is, is we've assumed that we're going to enter into some kind of long-term transaction. So in other words, for the rest of the year. Right now, we borrow on the revolver at about 100 points, 100 basis points over LIBOR. So that rate is extremely low. We have assumed a higher one for the rest of the year given that we hope to do something to tie in some of these rates for longer term, which will be at a higher rate than the current, just 100 over LIBOR.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right now, rates are very volatile and they're all over the place. But, yes, we are assuming a higher long-term rate for the balance of the year. And with regard to the forecast.
