Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks, Alvaro. Once again, we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Taking one final look back at 2012, revenues increased 22% to a record $2.4 billion, income from operations increased 45% to a record $392 million, EPS increased 48% to a record $5.19 and our backlog ended the year at a record $1.6 billion. Looking ahead, 2013, we are anticipating another record year with EPS guidance of about $5.85 on a revenue growth of 8% to 10%. With stable market conditions, this guidance is our best estimate at this time. We couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure, we continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we think that we should see growth in both transit and freight, and almost 50-50. We expect both markets to support that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The pipeline, it's adequate right now. We continue to always try to develop new potentials. I think those potentials, we're going to be as opportunistic, but we're also going to be very disciplined and structured with our acquisition program. We have enough potential there to say that hopefully that we could continue what we've done in the past. I think the other thing that's worth noting is that we're in a unique situation, being a company that is -- we've proven now that we're an acquirer. We've proven we could find them. We've proven that we could close them. We've proven that we could integrate them. But we also have the beauty of a great balance sheet that allows us to be opportunistic if the larger acquisitions come available, and we're able to do that. We've said time and time again that we feel that we could take on debt to 2, 2.5x our EBITDA, which would give you a very large acquisition. So I would answer your question by saying that we continue to be excited. We think it's an important part of our growth strategies going forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. If you look at the sales that we've discussed now, we have -- I think it was 2010 with $25 million, $125 million in '11 and now in '12, it was around $215 million. So that would give you about $200 million and what -- $365 million in sales. Of that, around $200 million of that would be freight, about $100 million is in international and about $50 million in transit. And we would expect that proportion going forward as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think that what we'll see is we have offsetting growth from PTC. There'll be internal growth from that. Right now, it's hard to predict the exact amount. But we do expect it to grow, because spending is going to grow with the railroads and we're finishing up our project. Hopefully, we'll be done with the project in Brazil this year. So we expect that to grow. I think that -- the other growth, we have some freight acquisitions that will also add to it incrementally. And we think internationally, we'll be able to grow in the freight markets. We do have a concern about car -- railcar build, as well as the traffic, as well as locomotive builds. But we do have a large international market that will more than offset that.
Albert J. Neupaver: We have no other acquisitions in our guidance, okay. We do not plan on them. They're all opportunistic, they're all upside.
Albert J. Neupaver: Primarily in transit. However, if any of the products end up in the freight markets, then it would be included in freight. We have a number of divisions that go into transit and freight, not just one or the other, but it will be reporting through the transit organization.
Albert J. Neupaver: Without a doubt, that's the main -- strategic for us is to look at market expansion. If you remember, we talked about global end market expansion. Market expansion is a way to take our existing technologies and products and introduce them into new markets. And as we look at these adjacencies, the non-rail markets, we're looking on how they can contribute to the rail markets, but we're also looking for new markets that will help in our overall strategic initiative, which is to really focus on trying to dampen the cyclicality. I mean the brutal fact that we've accepted and tried to maintain and we've successfully done is we know that we're going to have deep cycles in the rail industry, especially the U.S. freight market.
Albert J. Neupaver: We obviously have an integration plan that includes exploring those. And whenever we look at an acquisition, we're looking for what synergies we have and those end up in the sales synergy category. And sales synergies are not always easy to accomplish. As a matter fact, those are the ones that usually have the greatest pie-in-the-sky type of thing. And you really have to work over a period of time to help develop those. I think the other thing that I should mention is the importance that Napier is a great service organization, and it will allow not only new markets, but it will allow us to expand our product offering from a service standpoint as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that there was a little bit of a rush toward the end of last year where a lot of the private owners and private equity were worried about -- unsure about the uncertainty related to taxes. But if I compare the pipeline, I'd say it was adequate. Freight right now and the last year was about the same. I think it's about the same. There's obviously a lot of competition out there for the acquisitions as there's always been, and private equity is definitely back in the mix full steam.
Albert J. Neupaver: Your math was pretty good and we always -- the actually number was closer to $60 million. And then there was a little bit of peak on some of our larger backlog projects.
Albert J. Neupaver: Some of it was international and some of it was transit market, but more so than those from the freight expenditures as we've seen.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, '13 would be above that number. And I guess for a target range, it's very difficult to give an exact number because we're not sure how the capital spend will go and how many onboard computers will be ordered and delivered and installed during 2013. But a rough number, we expect to see 15%, maybe 20% growth and we'll update you quarterly as we go on.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, a lot of -- the onboard computer only makes up a portion of our PTC sales, I want to make sure you understand that. We've got the turnkey project in Brazil. And as I mentioned earlier, we'll be finishing that project up in 2013. So we definitely will see some growth in there. And we're also progressing on a number of transit programs, one at the Metrolink, out in LA, and there's other -- a couple other transit authorities. So we'll see growth in those areas. As far as the amount from the railroads, our best estimate says that on an equivalent installed base, there is about 18,000 to 20,000 total locomotives that will have to be equipped for PTC eventually. A lot of the railroads are done putting in provisional kits, which trying to do some of the wiring and some of the hard work, time-consuming work now, then will later, once the specifications has been better defined, which it has not up to this point, they will go further. So we try to estimate on an equivalent installed base, and we think maybe of the total, about 4,000 to 4,500 equivalent installations have occurred. So that's out of 18% to 20%. It gives you a view of what has to happen over the next couple of years, from an installation standpoint.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think we're no different than other industrial companies. And I think it's all based on the fact that most people think that the recovery is going to be slow. And hopefully, it will accelerate as the year goes on. And we do not provide quarterly guidance, but I would say that we're no different than other industrials and I've read enough guidance reports myself from other people out there to know that right now, the economy is kind of just moving along at a pretty stable rate and hopefully, it would accelerate as the year goes on, is what most people feel. We have a lot of assumptions that I stated in our guidance. And I think that, like I said, we don't provide the quarterly guidance for you.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I'll handle that. Generally, it's almost 2x the revenue. We were asked not to provide that information. So that's the reason it wasn't there, but it's about 2x the revenue.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Yes, the management team is on board. To give you an example, the General Manager of that division, 2 days after we acquired the company, attended our leadership conference where we get all the Vice Presidents, General Managers together, and he was a great participant in that event. Key to when we do acquire companies is that we're really looking for strong management, a management that will stick with the company. And I think in this case, it's really been a home run so far as far as the management team. So we make them part of the integration team. And yes, it's a critical part of the success that you have with integrating new acquisitions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Now I know why I didn't remember it. It's -- as stated, they're better than our average. We have not provided the specific margin data. They told me I'm not allowed.
Albert J. Neupaver: For the year, it was down $19 million. And for the quarter it was down $3 million. And the fourth was up $3 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I don't -- the field tests that are going on, the MRS has a field test going on right now, and that's the railroad down in Brazil. There are some field testing going on at Metrolink and the BNSF has done some field testing on some of the products. I think the other railroads are still in the laboratory test phase and expect to move into field testing later this year.
Albert J. Neupaver: It has to probably follow up with Tim. Overall, the percentage -- and I don't know, if you look at the growth in international and domestic, it was about the same, really, maybe a little more internationally. So earlier we said that internal growth accounted for 67% and acquisitions was 33%. I think international, probably would be more acquisition and a little less on the -- but the exact number, we don't have. I would guess it'd be probably 50% internationally, but I'm not -- but Tim can follow up.
Albert J. Neupaver: Generally, the margins are a little better in the international markets, primarily because we're a small player in larger markets, and we try to be very particular about what opportunities we go after. So in general, we do better.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're firm believers that there's always opportunity to expand margins. And the only thing I would say is that as your margins improve, the incremental improvement gets more difficult, but there's always room for improvement and really, that's our mantra when it comes to continuous improvement in the Wabtec Performance System that we're going to incrementally continue to improve over time. Yes, there may be 1 quarter or 2 quarters where we have some type of impact that we can't manage, but over time, our goal is to continue to expand those margins, whether domestic or international.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think one of the things that we have to be honest about is that volume is the great -- it helps cover our problems and issues. So volume is a large contributor to margin improvement a lot of time. And we have some extremely good growth in both '10 to '11, '11 to '12. With that, we still have a very focused targeted improvement on margin, division by division, group by group and company-wide, focusing on improvement through the Wabtec Performance System, improvement on pricing, improvement on sourcing, improvement on movement to lower cost manufacturing platforms. So yes, we expect to continuously improve.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it's impossible to predict acquisitions. Well we, that's why we don't allow people to put them in their plan or count on them. You just have to be opportunistic. There could be years where we don't have acquisitions. And I think our track record shows that we at least have a trend go on and that trend's supported us in the past and hopefully, it would support us in the future, but it's impossible to predict them. We're not going to do acquisitions just to do acquisitions. Our focus is on internal growth first and then acquisitions after that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Equivalent locomotives. There's been a lot more touch, but it's provisioned, so we tried to get an estimate on the total. But yes, go ahead Scott.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the incremental margins, they're probably about the same. I don't think there's a lot of difference. The problem with transit is that a lot of these large contracts can have an impact on your margin. And I think we were very open with everyone as we were completing some of the large projects and you get down to the end of a, say a locomotive deal then you're going to make more money on the last 5 locomotives than you did the first 5. Then you're going to make more money on a system later on as you're supplying a braking system, than you do start now. I think it's just one of those kind of things. And there's projects that good margins and others are not so good. So it's really hard to say, but I would say in general, incremental, and we do okay.
Albert J. Neupaver: Not at this point. I think it obviously hasn't closed yet, so there's not much that they can really do. I know that -- I'm sure that they're working on integrating it, but no, we haven't seen anything.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think the only program that they actually -- I think is actually going on right now is that they're upgrading some of their cars. As far as the locomotive there, they haven't even decided what they want. I mean, they're kind of saying maybe they want locomotives that go 150 mile an hour, 125 mile an hour high-speed, whatever, and that has not even been put out to bid. So we're unsure exactly. But yes, we'll participate if there are locomotives being built, we'll participate in some way.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think in 2012, we showed growth that was high single-digits, and we expect it to continue to grow into 2013 and beyond.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Thanks to everyone. Thanks for the questions, and we'll talk to you at the end of the first quarter. We look forward to it. Bye-bye.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. The total backlog for transit is $1.2 billion versus $970 million at September 30. For freight, it's about $492 million versus $558 million at September 30. So it's down slightly. But again, I think the backlog's more significant for transit than for freight. The rolling 12-month backlog, again, what we hope to execute in the next 12 months, for transit, it's $703 million versus $654 million. The $703 million is a record, I believe. And for freight, it's $414 million versus $447 million.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. Well, to answer to your last question, they will improve somewhat. But in terms of the accounting, I'll just see if I can just do this in 2 minutes. But basically, when you do an acquisition, you write up all the assets, obviously recognize the liabilities. But you write up all the assets in a fair market value and to the extent that the price paid exceeds what you paid for the hard assets, they go in, in intangibles. What really affects it, and I think it's kind of what you were referring to in your question, is what we call purchase price accounting, or PPA for short, which makes you write up as an intangible asset the entire amount of unrealized profit in inventory and backlog at the time of acquisition. And you amortize that as you sell off that inventory and as you fulfill your backlog. So basically, until you have in inventory turn, you almost recognize very, very little profit in the acquisition. Until you work off the backlog, now that backlog's slightly different, you'll recognize diminished profits. But the amounts that we had for this type of PPA, say in the fourth quarter, was just about $2 million. So I think you'll see some increase. You'll see some increased benefit from this PPA eventually going away, but it'll be relatively small. And to be honest, hopefully, we'll make additional acquisitions and their PPA will offset that. So it's kind of a recurring cycle.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, I think so. Going forward, obviously, the bonds that we have outstanding, I think, pretty much everybody's aware of that, they'll mature in July. They're at 6 7/8. Right now, I think in the short term, what we'll probably do is refinance those with bank debt. But in the longer-term, the public market yields are very attractive right now and it could be that we go back out to the public market. So right now, we haven't made up our mind. But there'll be some savings with the refinancing of those bonds. Either way. And right now, like I said, you have to make up your mind how to model that. Bank rates are very low. Right now, all in, we're paying about 1.5% on our bank financing. And if we went up for refinancing, we've been told that the bond rates right now are about 4.5%, again, I'm not sure where that's going to end up right now. We have plenty of capacity under the bank revolver to finance those bonds, and that's what we intend to do short term. And after that, the debt balance should be relatively stable. We have a large amount of cash. Obviously, we used about $25 million to $30 million to buy Napier. But some of the other cash is in foreign jurisdictions like Mexico, Australia and Canada, that we can't use it for an acquisition in the U.K. We didn't ask to use about $30 million of it for Napier. But the rest will be offset through cash flow. So I think I would assume for modeling purposes that you have a stable principal balance and then you're just going to have to make some assumptions on the interest.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: If you make me, I guess, I will. It is slightly lower. I think our tax rate for the year was about 33% -- 33.3% to be exact. And I would expect a similar number for next year, somewhere between, I would say the overall tax rate for next year will be about 33% to 33.5%, somewhere in there, maybe probably a little bit closer to the 33%, but when you're cutting it pretty fine there. So I would say 33% to 33.5%, shading probably towards the 33% again. And first quarter, we do expect a couple of tax items to come in, basically as a result of some of the tax bills that they recently passed. They extended the R&D credit, but we can't recognize that until Q1, and a couple other items. And you'll probably see about a 50 to 100 basis point reduction in the average tax rate that we'll do in the first quarter. So it is very slight.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I'll give you analysis of SG&A. But it's mostly -- the increases have mostly been driven by acquisitions. For example, last year's quarter SG&A, I think, was about $61.1 million and acquisitions added $7 million. So as in other items, you would've expected SG&A to be at $68 million. However, because of couple of other factors, and there's always a few factors in there, as well as cost savings initiatives, it ended up at $64.7 million. So basically, the increase in SG&A is almost 100% due to acquisitions. In terms of a run rate, at this quarter, it was $64.7 million. There weren't really any unusual items in this quarter. So I would expect it, going forward, to be above that $64.5 million to $65 million. Napier is going to add about $1 million. Napier took place in '13, so that's not in Q4. Napier is going to add about $1 million in the quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Hold on a second. Let me dig it out real quick. Total shareholders' equity at the end of the year should be about $1.282 billion.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, for the year freight was 53% OE and aftermarket, obviously, 47%. And for the year, transit was 34% OE and 66% aftermarket. Overall, for the company as a whole, 46% OE and 54% aftermarket. Very much in line with our targets.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Sure. Just in general, compared to last year, international sales in '11 were about $666 million and at the end of '12, increased significantly. It was almost $1.2 billion.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And I'll add one small proviso. Part of it can depend on the accounting, too. Some of these large contracts you use percentage of completion and in general, you estimate your profit at the beginning and you try and recognize ratably. What happens is, when you get to the end of a contract, you can have a much better idea of what your cost picture is because you're not longer relying on estimates. You have a large actual cost base to choose from, so you can refine your estimates, and that will result sometimes in larger profits than you originally estimate, just because you have better data. But the percentage of completion does tend to smooth that out a little bit. But some of the other contracts, you just recognize the profit based on as you deliver. And there is a learning curve and you do recognize it a little bit more towards the back end as well. It depends.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Basically, that relates to FX, for the most part, on intercompany balances. We sell goods to units abroad. They sell goods to units over here. And we advance funds, they pay our funds and basically have a number of intercompany balances. And in general, you just have to recognize the changes and the effects on that. That can bounce around -- it can be -- our goal is to minimize it, to keep it as small as possible. Some quarters it will be a gain, a small gain like it is this quarter. Some quarters, it will be a small loss like it was last quarter. But our goal is really to minimize it rather than predict what's going to happen. And so typically, it has an effect of about $0.01 per share one way or the other, which is not too material.
