Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. It's good to talk with you today. We're happy to report that we had a good performance this quarter, and that we're on track to hit our guidance for the year. So we're off to good start in 2019, especially as we begin to integrate Wabtec and GE Transportation, after completing our merger in late February. Thanks a lot to a detailed plan and hard work prior to closing. We believe the integration has been seamless to this point. We have already validated our annual savings target of $250 million by year four. Before we get to the first quarter financials and discussion, I'd like to start off by talking about the management succession plan that we announced this morning. After conducting a thorough external and internal search, our Board has named Rafael Santana, the company's next President and Chief Executive Officer and a board member to become effective July 1 of this year. He succeeds Ray Betler, who will retire as a Wabtec executive and board member. I will continue to serve as Wabtec's Executive Chairman. This transition comes at a time of strength at Wabtec, given our diverse portfolio, excellent management team and strong backlog and balance sheet. Rafael, as you know, joined Wabtec earlier this year with the GE Transportation merger after serving as President and CEO of that division. Rafael held a wide range of executive leadership positions at GE and has spent more than a decade in the transportation industry. He is the right leader for this role, bring it to Wabtec a passion for operational excellence and technology and a strong track record of growth and performance. A native of Brazil, Rafael brings 25 years of commercial, product management and executive leadership experience to this post. He has a proven track record of transforming businesses, while delivering top and bottom line growth. While leading GE Transportation, he's significantly expanded the company's regional footprint, built a strong overall and modernization capability and backlog through multi-year program. Prior to that role, he was President and CEO of GE in Latin America, where he helped transform the market into one of GE's largest and fastest-growing regions. He also served as President and CEO of the Turbomachinery Solutions Business of GE Oil & Gas, where he drove significant margin improvement and growth in a contracting marketplace. Rafael has a degree in engineering from the Federal University of Engineering in Brazil, and will be based at Wabtec's new headquarters in Pittsburgh. Congratulations on your new role.
Al Neupaver: Okay, thanks. And Ray, on behalf of our Board and shareholders, I'd like to thank you for serving Wabtec over the last 11 years, including the past five as President and CEO. Ray's leadership at Wabtec has been extraordinary. Since joining the company, he has been an integral part of Wabtec's growth story, increasing revenues fivefold from $1.5 billion in 2008 to more than $8 billion this year. Ray also has been instrumental in reshaping our global footprint, strengthening our technology leadership position, diversifying our portfolio through the acquisition of Faiveley Transport and the merger with GE Transportation. The Board is very confident that Wabtec investors, customers and employees will benefit from these achievements for years to come. And of course, we wish you all the best in retirement.
Al Neupaver: Yes, this is Al speaking. I'm actually working pretty closely on the whole integration process, and we've already have seen some of those, because there was some quick changes that we would have made on a HR-basis. But what you should see, is it should start building up as the year goes on. We're also seeing a lot more cost at first in order to obtain those synergies. What we, right now, have modeled is that we may spend close to $50 million to obtain that $20 million this year. And those will be one-time cost. And we'll see it ramp up over the next three years in a similar fashion.
Rafael Santana: Hey, good morning, and thanks Al. I'm deeply honored that the Board have selected me to succeed Ray as the next President and CEO, and to really build on Wabtec's solid foundation of growth. Our company has a rich history of meeting the needs and expectations of our investors, customers and employees. Since merging GE Transportation to Wabtec, we have really been working hard to ensure that we hit both our operational, financial and synergy commitments, and I'm fully committed to delivering on these efforts. Based on our first quarter results, we are off to a solid start. I'm really excited about the year. I'm really excited about the future. With that…
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Ray. Let's talk about overall Freight markets. I'll say, overall, mixed market conditions. In North America Freight, rail traffic's down about 1% year-to-date, with most of the railroads really citing bad weather as a factor. Rolling stock and storages increased during the quarter, partially due to lower volumes, and partially due to our railroads implementing PSR, which I'll talk to you more about it in a couple minutes. On the other side, I'd say, we're seeing good activities in some critical and key international rail markets. I'd say we are well-positioned to really take advantage of this and really working on some critical opportunities. In Southeast Asia, in Brazil, in Africa, and I think it's worth mentioning that, of our current top line of prospects, about two-thirds are coming from international opportunities. So considering all of this, I'd say our Freight business performed about as expected in the first quarter, with locomotive deliveries maybe a bit stronger than expected. In India, I think we are on pace to really significantly increase deliveries this year. This is a 10-year 1,000 locomotive unit order. And during the first quarter this year, we delivered our first AC6000 units. That was built in our new India facility. Deliveries of locomotives – locomotive modernizations and mining wheels are on pace for what I'll call double-digit percentage increases for 2019.  The Freight car market is tracking towards 52,000 to 55,000 deliveries this year. It's about in line with the expectations. The industry backlog did decline during the first quarter. During the quarter, we also had strong water intake in our waste side and our track products business portfolio, indicating really continued capital spending by the railroads. Our engine coiling group maintained a strong backlog and they also saw strong intake in power generation products business. With that, let me talk a bit about PSR, which is really a topic on a lot of the minds. I'd probably just start with making railroads more competitive is a good thing for us. And in the long run, it really leads to growth in the business. We believe our business model of being both a technology and service provider is very much aligned with what railroads are trying to accomplish. As a result of PSR, we're seeing railway railroads very focused on efficiency, costs, getting the most out of their existing equipment, their fleets. Wabtec has both a strong service and technology offering, to really help support that. We're currently working close with customers to both improve performance, reliability and efficiency of their fleets. I think the locomotive modernization program's is a great example of that. I think I've mentioned, in addition to our backlog of about 2,000 new locomotives, we have a backlog of about 900 modernizations, and we expect to deliver a few hundred mods this year, and that's compared to just maybe dozens a few years ago. Of our global install base, 23,000 locomotives, we've got about 70% really covered by long-term service agreements. Running locomotives is a fleet harder, does create also additional aftermarket opportunities for us. On our automation suite of products, we're really geared here towards improving on-time performance of trains, increasing efficiency, improving safety. And as railroad seeks to optimize their assets, our portfolio of digital solutions can really create a greater fuel efficiency. That's what we see with product such as Trip Optimizer, which drives skill savings by 7% to 13%. So in North America, railroads for a time might be buying fewer new locomotives. We do have the opportunity here to continue to work on really tackling large fleets to be modernized, and we have a significant pull of fleet that we can attack there investing in technology, to really help achieve these PSR efficiency goals. So we feel we're well-positioned to respond to these opportunities. Finally, I'd like to point out that we're well-positioned in the key international freight corridors around the world. We feel good about the opportunities that are out there. And with that, I'll hand it back to Ray.
Rafael Santana: Absolutely. Well, first of all, I'm very humbled by the opportunity. There's certainly a lot to learn. I'll probably highlight three areas here. First and foremost, on the execution. We have plans laid out for, what I'll call, our former businesses, and we're really laser-focused on making sure that we execute for both cash and for our EPS numbers for the year. On the second piece, it really comes down to, what I'll call, continuous margin improvement. I think here we've got a couple opportunities. So, one of them is we really started to the integration that's by a lot of great opportunities on synergies, and we see that as an opportunity to continue to drive competitiveness out of the business. And we do have opportunities with some specific business units on really driving and turning around some of the margin results. I think the third piece is, of course, growing the business. I think there's an element of organic, which we are very committed to our programs in technology. I would highlight to you the aspect of automation, which I think we've been very clear about it, but there's also really a pillar around management that speaks to bringing efficiency, a full improved hybrid is a big program for us. And as part of that, we'll also continue to be looking to inorganic opportunities in an opportunistic way. We are going to be starting a lot of I'll call strategic planning and we'll be coming to you with more specifics as we progress.
Rafael Santana: I think it's been continuous efforts and continuous work between ourselves and our customers. When I mentioned the modernization programs, I think it's important for me to highlight, you've got at least a group of, what I'd call, 6,000 locomotives, which are DC technologies that are out there. I'd say that they have been fairly successful in really converting some of those suites into AC, which really allows the railroads to do what used to be done with three locomotives with two locomotives. So, that's a big part of our program. The auto piece is really updating some of the control systems that you might have there, and that allows you to participate -- what I'll call, more software and more tools, to enable better fuel efficiencies. So, I think there's been a continuum and I think we've got a lot of those tools to help drive efficiency and productivity here through PSR.
Rafael Santana: It certainly in for this year, so we have taken that into consideration. Keep in mind, last year was a trough year for us with only 272 locomotives being delivered. And we have really a strong backlog to be able to really deliver on the guidance we have provided.
Rafael Santana: Well, a couple points. Number one, it's tough to speculate on really how projects will materialize over the next five years. But what I'm really excited about is, we have established what I'll call significant footprint, and what I'll call all key rail Freight markets. And that speaks to countries like Brazil, Kazakhstan, India, South Africa, and those really have become platforms for us, where we have scalability, where we've been able to work on locally, where we've really grown significantly our share over time. Ultimately, they have become falls that have translated into having a more competitive business, and we're utilizing those platforms to actually export into other countries. So I think we're really excited about that and we'll continue to make use of that.
Rafael Santana: So let me give you a reference on the following. If I look at the guidance we've provided to you for 2019, I'd say the revenues coming from new locomotives for this year will be probably around 15% of the total revenues for the company.
Ray Betler: Yes, thank you, Al. And I wanted to say that I'm grateful to you. I was just following the strategy that you set out to grow this company, and it's been incredible experience over the last 11 years, and I want to thank every employee in this company for the support that they've given me as well as the Board, the management team and our shareholders. After 40 years in the transportation industry and a career that started with Westinghouse Transportation division out of Westinghouse Corporation and now it's culminated with Wabtec, the time is right for me to transition my leadership of this great company to Rafael Santana. I'm absolutely confident that he will build on our success and he will ensure that this corporation is strong and more capable in the future than it has been in the past. Throughout my career, I've been humbled by the commitment and hard work of our people and their passion to create a purpose-driven company. Together, we've raised the bar on safety, on quality, on engineering, on talent and on value. And with that, I'd like to ask Pat to now review the first quarter numbers.
Ray Betler: Thanks Rafael. I'd like to conclude our prepared remarks by reiterating some of the comments I made at the beginning of the call. We reported good performance this quarter. We're on track to our guidance for the year, and that means we're off to good start with the integration of Wabtec and GE Transportation after completing our merger in late February. We have validated both strategic rationale for the merger as well as our plan to deliver $250 million of operating synergies by year four. We're excited that Rafael has been chosen by the Board to lead this corporation into a new era of growth and performance, and we believe this transition comes at a time of strength, and Wabtec, given our diverse portfolio, our excellent management team and our strong backlog and balance sheet. So, with that, we'll open to questions that you have, and Tim will facilitate.
Ray Betler: As far as the mix goes, our growth is coming from both sides. The mix within the transit side is greater OEM contracts that are coming out of the backlog. In terms of future longer term mix, I was talking about the aftermarket opportunities that come with that, but in the short-term, it's more OEM.
Ray Betler: But to answer directly to your question on the second quarter, it's in both segments, Allison, both freight and transit.
Pat Dugan: Just to help a little bit, we definitely had more OE sales in Q1 in the transit versus aftermarket. That's what we -- we highlighted that in the overview of the year -- first quarter results and when we talk about the transit market.
Pat Dugan: There was actually two issues, there was mix and then there was a couple other items that impacted the quarter -- margin in the quarter. We expect that, going forward, that we're going to come back to better margins and -- but there will be some variation related to the timing of OE projects versus aftermarket projects, but we look at this margin as improving items throughout the year.
Pat Dugan: So the $300 million is really, you have restructuring cost, you have purchase price accounting. And all of that is impacting the cash flow in the year. So when we -- what we did today was affirm and maybe even slightly improve our guidance on cash flow. And if you want to think of it, you think that $300 million in terms of cash flow and include it and added back, you would end up with a result that I think you can use to model in an adjusted -- in your adjusted rule. In terms of the balance sheet, I mean, I think we're still working through the combination, and we've -- but we've done really, I think, an excellent job of addressing some of the supply chain, financing factoring type items in the first quarter. I think that that has derisked our guidance a little bit in terms of cash flow. So we're -- we feel good about that. But it's still very early, we're only five weeks into this combination, and I think we wanted to make sure that we got cash guidance out there that was conservative, achievable and that you could use.
Pat Dugan: So, well we're not going to break down the specific numbers of locomotive deliveries, but what I'll reiterate here is, as you look into the numbers we have last year, we're looking at double-digit growth into, what I'll call, core segments. That includes new locomotive shipments that includes some modernizations that includes mining wheels as well.
Pat Dugan: Well, first of all, as I look into the year for new locomotives, we're well north of, call it, 95%, so the backlog to be delivered for this year. I think we continue to build on the good dynamics. For next year, we're not providing any guidance at this point. But I think if you go back to the vision, we settled on really more than doubling the mode of deliveries by 2021. I think, we're well into that, even as you see significant step coming off of that. I'd say this year, it's probably more balanced between North America and international. But as we look ahead, I think there's probably greater opportunities internationally.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. I think we had this discussion. We don't give guidance for next year, but I think your point is that there is a lot of things happening in year one of this combination and it does have an impact on the cash flow, but so we can see cash from operations will be strong in the future years and I'll leave it at that, really. Yes, I mean, I've had this conversation with a lot of people, a lot of questions. I mean, the EBITDA is strong in kind of a normal year with our expected working capital performance that we would end up with cash from operations would be higher.
Patrick Dugan: I'm going to give you really a wide range, because it's really across-the-board. But I'd probably say, while new locomotive might be going anywhere from call it, $3 million to $4 million, you'll have an average ticket item that's about one-third to half of that for mods.
Patrick Dugan: So we work very closely with the railroads in the day-to-day of their operations. And I'd say it's really a part of the value that we bring gives really just productivity tools to improve efficiency and productivity, availability. And that's really part of our day-to-day. We monitor closely of fleets there been parts. We monitor closely all the aspects of opportunities to potentially extend the life of certain assets or modernize some assets so you can potentially look at last assets operating. So that's really part of our day-to-day.
Patrick Dugan: I'd say we're seeing -- I mean, as you look into PSR being implemented, that's certainly growing, I'll call it, deficiency in terms of number of cars being pulled by locomotives. It's a little bit different to railroad by railroads. And I would be -- I'd say, difficult to give you a specific data on each one. It really varies based on the model that's being utilized.
