Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great. Thanks, Alan. Good morning, everyone. I think you'll agree with me when I say that it's always nice to be able to report financial results like these. Sales for the quarter were a record $455 million, about 25% higher than last year. Of this increase, almost 2/3 was organic growth. As Al mentioned earlier, the growth was driven by Freight Group sales, which were up 61%, with more than 3/4 of that coming from organic growth. Growth in the aftermarket was very strong due to increase in rail traffic and more rolling stock coming out of storage. OEM sales were also strong. They almost doubled from the prior year. Transit sales were a little lower than the year-ago quarter, mainly due to the completion of major OEM programs in New York and locomotive contracts, but they were actually 11% higher than the fourth quarter of '10, showing the stability that we expected back then. In terms of margins, we continue our focus on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin. For the quarter, operating margin was 14.6% compared to 14.1% in the year-ago quarter. In dollar terms, SG&A was higher than the year-ago quarter, mainly due to the acquisitions of various companies: G&B, Bach-Simpson, Swiger and Brush and in line with our expectations. As a percent of sales, it was actually slightly lower, 12% versus 12.3% last year. Also, this year's quarter included about $664,000 of purchase price accounting, or PPA, which are the near-term charges associated with acquisitions. This compares to the $393,000 in the year-ago quarter. Excluding PPA, operating margin was 14.7% in this year's quarter. And again, operating margin is the number we key on. Interest expense was lower due to lower net debt compared to the year-ago quarter but relatively modest. Other income, it fluctuates a little bit due mostly to paper FX translation gains and losses. This quarter, we had a gain. The effective tax rate was 35.2%, slightly higher than last year but pretty much in line with our expectations as well. Working capital was up in line with increased sales as well as acquisitions. Receivables were $306 million, up about $48 million from the year end. About $10 million of that was contributed by acquisitions and FX translation increases. Inventories were $285 million, up about $31 million but again, FX and acquisitions accounted for $11 million to $12 million of that. And payables were $175 million, up $4 million from the year end.  At March 31, we had $201 million in cash compared to $237 million at year end, so relatively stable. We generated cash from operations of about $16 million in the quarter. In terms of debt, at March 31, we had $400 million of debt compared to $422 million at December 31 '10. And as you can see from our operating ratios and our from our capital ratios, we have plenty of capacity for investing in internal growth and other growth opportunities. A few miscellaneous items, which we always cover. Depreciation was $7.4 million versus $6.5 million last year. Amortization was $3.1 million versus $1.9 million. CapEx was $7.4 million versus $3.6 million last year. CapEx is going to be up slightly this year over last year. I think last year, historically, it was about $25 million, give or take. This year, we were estimating it's going to be about $30 million given the increasing size of the company with acquisitions as well as a couple of capital projects that we're investing in this year, including a new building for our friction facility in China. In terms of backlog, as we mentioned in the release and Al mentioned as well, the multi-year and the 12-month backlog were at both record highs. The multi-year backlog, which includes the 12-month number, this is the total number compared to year end, the total, right now, is $1.5 billion versus $1.1 billion at year end. So it rose by about $400 million. Transit is $791 million versus $695 million at year end, and Freight is $705 million versus $384 million at year end. Freight increased substantially because of the contract in Brazil that Al mentioned, which is for a freight railroad as well as the locomotive contract, which we released and discussed earlier. The rolling 12-month backlog, this is the backlog that we expect to execute in the next 12 months, compared to year end, the total was $821 million versus $590 million at year end. If you break it down, Transit is $365 million versus $293 million at year end, and Freight is $456 million versus $297 million at year end.  That pretty much concludes the number session of this call, and I'll turn it back to Al.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: One minor point, Jim, this is Alvaro, if you take a look at engineering expenses, this might be another one of your questions and I'll anticipate it, you'll see that it went down from last year and even a little bit in the fourth quarter. And this is mix, it's not an excuse, but it is mix. But what we do is we have some contracts where we're actually taking some of that engineering expenses and re-classifying it’s cost of sales because those engineering charges are in cost of sales. And you'll have some of those re-classes going back and forth depending on the mix of products and depending on how you do the accounting, which is another reason when we look at margins, to be honest, what we really focus on is operating margin because that does take the mix out of it and that reflects on how the overall company is doing.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: What I gave is a range, about 30,000 to 35,000. There are supply issues across the board, I think, with everyone building back up, which has created a concern. Although there's a couple of things that are driving some of the order rate right now is the rapid depreciation of investment in rail cars drops from 100% to 50% next year. So there's a lot of people looking at this. They're also looking at their own needs because they haven't bought any cars in the last 18 months to 24 months. So I think there's been a big push there. It has stressed the supply chain. We're, in general, in pretty good shape except for some of the large casting products, casted products. But I think the supply chain will work itself out. It may -- when you see an order intake of 26,000 in a quarter, I mean that's a huge amount of orders in one quarter. Now the question is, is that really filling up some buildup needs in the supply chain of the rail cars or not? We don't know. So I would expect 30,000 to 35,000 is probably the build that could be sustained with the current supply chain that we have.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let's see. The first question is, is what do we anticipate in orders next quarter. I mean, obviously, we would hope that the economy continues to grow and that the freight rail continues to rebound. So we would expect that the incoming order rate would support that. As far as the projection, we really can't make that projection. I didn't understand the second part of your question.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Some of the issues we touched briefly on the supply chain and some of the inflationary is, in general, we feel that long term, we're covered real well on that. So I would hope that -- our goal has always been never to predict a certain level of gross margin or operating margin. But it's continuous improvement, and we want to improve month-on-month, quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year. And I think if you go back 6 years, you'll see that continuous improvement. And we would hope that we could continue that.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. We've done a number of scenarios trying to calculate the ongoing revenue that's generated by the installed base. And generally, electronics and software has a higher percentage because the need to update and upgrade. Without -- there's a range that could go from 20% to 40%. It depends on just how much of the maintenance contract you get and what components needs upgraded. But there is a certain annuity that's associated with installed base.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Art, this is Alvaro, and I touched on that earlier as well when I was answering Jim's question. But a big chunk of that decrease basically relates to basically product mix in the sense that what we were doing is because of the nature of the products, say for example, locomotive contract, we're actually taking some of the engineering expense, which we normally could in SG&A, and we're actually allocating that to cost of sales. So it's just a request. It's not really a net decrease in the total number. It's just shown on a different line. And in terms of acquisitions, you also touched on that. And one of the things about the acquisition is to a certain or to a large extent, their engineering expenses go into cost of sales rather than in engineering expense as well. I think at the level it is right now, it should be pretty much stable going forward. So I think that, that will be -- until the mix changes again and maybe it'll go up again -- what's going up and I'll tell you re-class it from cost of sales. But that's one of the reasons, when we talk about margins, we really focus on the operating margin side because there can be a number of classification change back and forth between the different lines. And in the end, we focus on is operating margin. But that's why you see that decrease in engineering.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It really doesn't flow through D&A because we're not capitalizing them. It's just in the cost of sales. It's just -- instead of being in the way it is released and the way it's classified in the press release, the way it's in engineering expense and it's just going from engineering expense to cost of sales, it’s not being capitalized, it’s not being depreciated.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Well, no, the audit firm would never want to be on the hook for making the decisions. They review our decisions. But basically, the decision is actually made at the unit level. And it really is -- I don't want to say it's automatic, but it's basically a function of the product. In other words, if we're doing more locomotives then some of that engineering is automatically going to go in there because we're building more locomotives rather than having the people work on, let's say, on new projects. So it's almost not a decision. I mean it's just a function of the way accounting works, and it's made at the unit. But obviously, the auditing firm will review all that and hopefully agree with our conclusion they have, so.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm going to take a swag at it, Scott, just in sense of answering your question. And maybe you know again, if it's all right, you can follow up with Tim, I would say that they were higher than last year but probably not more than say, $10 million to $15 million higher than last year. If I'd have to take a guess, I'd say it was somewhere around the $10 million, plus or minus.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, in terms of backlog, to take the second question first, Scott, most of the increase in the Freight backlog was because of MRS. And -- I'm sorry, that's the contract in Brazil that's got PTC, as well as a locomotive contract in Australia. And then we had a couple of other contracts that went into backlog as well. But the primary reason for the increase in the Freight backlog was not so much -- because either the freight car OE business, that turns over relatively quickly. That's basically done on POs. We've got a PO, we turn it over in about 30 days or so. So you don't see a whole lot of backlog effect to that. Most of the backlog effect on Freight was for those contracts.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I know OE sales doubled this quarter versus last year's -- let me dig out what the OE numbers. I'll tell you what, let me -- just give me one second, we'll dig out what the OE sales numbers were. In Freight, OE...
Albert Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. In summary, once again, we've had a strong performance in the quarter with record sales, record earnings and a record backlog. Longer term, we could not be any more pleased than we are today with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see ahead for Wabtec. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec performance system, which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that managed aggressively through the tough times and is now taking advantage of those growth opportunities. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the thing -- what they've done is that the tracks that were covered or the route valves that were contained in the original FRA document was based on route miles of that were traveled in 2008. And what the railroads have done is they've gone to Congress and they said, "This doesn't make sense. It's going to be implemented in 2015, so it ought to be based on how we run our railroads in 2015." And by taking a look at those routes, they think they could reduce the traffic in certain areas with hazardous wastes by about 10%. And thus, they don't have to make that PTC ready in that area. And Senator Hutchison put a bill forward. It makes a lot of sense. We agree with her approach. And you don't want to see a program that's based on old data. So that's the one thing that is moving forward for the railroads. As far as the delay of the spending or the delay of PTC being implemented, there is really a lot of discussion around can the deadline be met? Decisions related to that are probably in 2012. But some time that year, they have to report back to the FRA on the status. We're moving full speed ahead. We don't anticipate any delays, especially related to our particular commitment on this program. Whether or not -- again, it's always good to hear a train whistle in the background while we're talking. That was special effects that I had paid for so just to let you know how busy things are here at Wabtec. But we at this point do not see those delays. And even if it was a delay, I don't think it's going to change much the spending pattern related to our products.
Albert Neupaver: There's obviously a lot of inflation that we're seeing, and we've been very disciplined in trying to make sure that those escalations in raw material prices, labor costs and other areas are controlled. And we try to cover the fact, if we're going to have raw material either through a surcharge or some type of pricing increase, we must admit, we're not going to be 100% capable of doing that. But we think, in general, that we've got most of those escalations and costs covered.
Albert Neupaver: One thing I'd tell you, Jim, we in Wabtec, we don't allow people to use mix as an excuse very often, okay? So I'll start out by saying that the mix impact, yes, there's better margins in Freight than there are in Transit so that really should have been a help in the quarter. We did have good top line growth. We were able to deliver about 17%, 18% after you adjust for PPA to the bottom line operating profit. We think that we can do a little better than that. But all in all, to deliver 18% contribution margin in this kind of rapid buildup in revenue, I think that the company performed pretty well.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. We had started working about 6 to 9 months prior to our announcement with MRS on that PTC opportunity. And we were really invited by them to participate. They had signed an agreement with ALSTOM to put in that type of system back in 2005, and they were unable to come to the point where they had an operating system. So they reached out and knew that we had made good progress in the United States on our program. So we were able to participate in that contract. We feel that there's other opportunities in countries like Brazil. One thing that's unique about this contract is they don't have the kind of signaling system that exist. They don't have a standard signaling system. So instead of putting in a normal signaling system, they could actually go to this electronic positive train control method, not only from safety standpoint but at the capacity play as well. So we think this really bodes well in a lot of other countries: Brazil, Australia, maybe some of the other mining countries as well. Keep in mind that we did implement PTC in Iraq. This was done probably about 3, 4 years ago. So yes, there is an international opportunity. And we'll continue to take a look at where our system, which is a unique system, could help us develop growth on a global basis.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, we're making excellent progress, first, on the component technology side, as well as a system. We've had a couple of small system orders. The key to our approach there is that we've got to get our entire system, not just components, on some of the platforms that exist there. That's the model that you would use as you develop business, and our success has been good so far. It's just going to take time, and we understand that we're in for a long time. Long time, not going to be a next year type of item, but 4 or 5 years from now, I'll assure you that we'll be successful.
Albert Neupaver: One thing that we get a real big push in the first quarter in the aftermarket area because if the weather are -- that equipment does not work well in 0 degree temperatures and there's a lot more aftermarket. And some of that really, you could see in the numbers. So typically, our first quarter is a very strong quarter for us. I think that your point is, is a valid one and that you would expect that with the economy continued to recover that you would expect that maybe business is going to be a little different this year than it would be in a normal year. It's awful early in the year, and I wish I had the ability to really gauge that economy out there. I know there's a lot of people that feel good about it. There's also some naysayers out there that I thought I read something just today that indicated some, who knows? So we're being cautious. We're being conservative.
Albert Neupaver: I would be just pulling something out of the air. I haven't really thought about that incremental amount. We can get that. But I'm assuming that knowing that business, I can only look at 1 business, but a lot of business units are covered by that and that's our global service business. And we normally see, maybe, it would equate to 4%, 5% type of gain overall and for that division to be higher in that, obviously.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. The side frames and bolsters is one of those areas as bearings issues, which we don't supply, there's other issues in the supply chain. But side frame and bolsters, when I mentioned larger casting, that's exactly what I was referring to. The key there was not the inventory. The real issue is that you have these large foundries that exist, and we have a light asset model where we purchase using a supply chain to supply these larger castings. And those foundries took their capacity and put it in other areas. And you just can't start up a foundry overnight and get things going again. So that's really been the constraint, and we're working very diligently now to meet the needs of our customers by getting other foundries qualified and our foundries back up to speed.
Albert Neupaver: We get them from a number of locations: Eastern Europe, China, India, U.S. So it's a global sourcing. This is not -- this problem is not unique to Wabtec.
Albert Neupaver: Well, the one during the downturn, the Eastern Europe business, ran into some financial troubles. And they're one that we're having to find other supply to offset that.
Albert Neupaver: $126 million versus $64 million and the fourth quarter was $80 million in OE. Aftermarket went from $100 million first quarter 2010 to $140 million in 2011 first quarter, so very significant increases.
Albert Neupaver: There is a lot of activity in the reconditioning area. The number of railroads are taking a strong look at either doing a remanufacturing or what they call a repower of their locomotives. And we've been involved with those opportunities.
Albert Neupaver: No, we still give tours. You want to get the boys to see it? It's a great place to visit especially this time of the year and always giving tours there.
Albert Neupaver: I think it's two things. It's a good question because we just had an operational review with that division. And one is seasonality, which they emphasized. The second part is that -- I don't have the exact number that come out of -- it was over 20,000 that come out being part out of stowage. And their comment was these things are coming out with needing a lot more repair than it was a year ago when they come out. So these units have been cannibalized so there's a lot more repair being required to get some of these. And it's really caused what you said, Kristine, is there's certain types of cars that they're actually having shortages on and that's one of the reasons why we saw the order rate jump up. I think that there is, you know, they have the normal maintenance on them. But I think those are the 2 main factors for the pop in this particular quarter.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. The aftermarket really has bounced back very nicely. In the first quarter, aftermarket in Transit was $109 million. It was $90 million in the first quarter of 2010 and the fourth quarter was always down at $85 million. But driving that is exactly what you said, ridership's #1, again, weather. They have a lot more maintenance activities. And I think when you talk about the problems that some of these municipalities and transit authorities have, you can only run your inventory down so far and they have to start doing the maintenance so maybe a little bit of pick up from there is happening as well.
Albert Neupaver: We really can't comment on April at this point. But as we said, as we look forward, we expect the economy -- we need the economy to continue to grow. We find the Transit business pretty stable, and we have an aggressive forecast that we've presented -- conservative, I mean.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, I think we could be conservative definitely on the Freight side, a little less conservative on the Transit. I'll answer it that way.
Albert Neupaver: The Brush acquisition was an excellent acquisition, and it primarily gives us the opportunity now to offer in the U.K. not only refurbishment and overhaul and engineering capability on transit vehicles, but they're expertise is really on the locomotives side. They also have a contract for the high-speed locomotives used in the Euro train and the Euro tunnel. But we feel that it really gives us a broader product offering in the U.K. market and establishes us a little bit in the locomotive market, even on the continent a bit. So we think the opportunities there are going to be great. We still -- we have a good market share in the U.K. And our market share the continent. it's still very small and a big opportunity for us.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, the SAFETEA-LU, at this point, I believe, it's been extended now to the end of the year along with the budget. And I think that it was really held at last year's level or very close to it. I know our government has a lot to do between now and the end of the year. And we feel this is 1 important area that they really need to come to grips and as how they fund the transportation area, not just transit, but our highways, our bridges. And I think that most politicians would tell you, it's pretty high in their priority to really grapple this. We would expect that it's still -- the biggest controversy we see is not related to Transit funding and trying to improve the Freight area, it really is around the high-speed rail where -- although some of the politicians in the states are saying, "Hey, you've got this $8 billion you put into high-speed rail, and you want to give me a few million of it but you're not going to tell me how we're going to get funding, is this ongoing. And are you going to be here for us 5 years from now when we have to spend more money?" And I think that's just been a little bit of a political football. I think you also see other states that's saying, "Hey, I'll take that and I'll find ways to not necessarily put in the super high-speed rail but maybe I can upgrade the rail systems we have to get the speeds up faster." I think the funding is going to be there. I think it's a must. When you really sit back and think about funding for our transit system, we don't have an alternative. If we expect this economy to continue to grow, if we expect the recovery to continue, we got to put money into the infrastructure. And that infrastructure is really mass transit and freight railroads, which is the backbone of that whole system. And when you look at what trains are able to do, whether it be freight or transit, the amount of cars that takes off the road and the amount of trucks, the environmental friendliness, the urbanization that I mentioned early. I think that, that funding is going to be there. I think there's going to be some political positioning related to some of the more issues that are kind of hot, but overall, that funding is going to be there.
Albert Neupaver: In Japan, though, we've had over 100-year relationship with two companies there. And as a matter fact, I'll be traveling there within the next month to meet with those 2 partners that we have. I think that it's going to have to be a lot of money put into the infrastructure there and in some opportunities there. But that opportunity would really be through those partners.
Albert Neupaver: Okay. Well, we're really, as I said earlier, pretty excited about the opportunity that we have during this recovery and our growth opportunities and look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks a lot.
