Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks, Al, and good morning, everybody. Financial results for the quarter, I believe, were very positive. Sales were a record $499 million, about 33% higher than last year. While this increase, about 3 quarters was organic growth. In the Freight Group, sales were up about 51% with almost all of that coming from internal growth and the rebounding freight markets. Al talked about the Freight car orders a little bit earlier in the call.  OEM sales almost doubled based on increasing demand for new locomotives and freight cars. Increased sales of PTC products, services growth in the non-rail market, such as power generation, also helped in the growth. Aftermarket growth increased by about 25%, and this was due to increasing rail traffic. Transit growth sales increased 10% with acquisitions in higher aftermarket and international sales, more than offsetting lower OE and U.S. sales.  Margins, as you know, well we're always striving to drive our operating margin higher. For the quarter, operating income was a record $75 million or 15.1% of sales compared to 13.5% of sale last year. This was a good performance but, obviously, we have room for more improvement, and we're confident we can do so over time.  Interest and other. Interest expense was a little bit lower this quarter due to lower net debt compared to last year. However, other expense increased by a little bit over $1 million due mostly to paper FX, foreign-exchange translation losses. In terms of taxes, the effective tax rate this quarter was about 33.6%, about the same as last year. The rail fluctuate, obviously, as we go forward, but we do it -- it's a little bit lower than it has been in the past due to some tax saving initiatives, and we expect it to be somewhere around 34% in the future.  Working capital was up mostly due to increased sales. Receivables were $346 million, up about $10 million from last quarter. Inventories were about $325 million, up $14 million. And payables actually went down, and their balance was about $179 million. In terms of cash at September 30, we had $220 million in cash, about the same as the end of the last quarter. And during the quarter, we generated cash from operations of about $34 million for the year. Year-to-date, we're at about $100 million in terms cash generation.  In terms of debt, at September 30, we had about $405 million compared to $396 million total debt at June 30, which given the strength of our cash flow and other prospects, I think, is a very reasonable balance.  Few miscellaneous items. We always discussed during the call, depreciation during the period was $8.8 million compared to $7.1 million last year. Amortization was about $4.1 million versus $2.6 million last year. The increase in both is mostly due to acquisitions. CapEx spending was $9.4 million for the quarter. Year-to-date, CapEx is about $22 million. We're forecasting about $25 million to $28 million for the year. Given our size, we think that, that's a reasonable total. And again, lands to the strength of our cash flow.  Our backlog, I think, that's a number that always draw some interest, and we always discussed it during the call. The multi-year and the 12-month backlog are at record levels, reflecting a slight increase from last quarter balances. The multi-year backlog, this includes the backlog that we expect to execute during the next 12 months, as well as after that period, was pretty stable compared to the last quarter. It was $1.5 billion in both quarters. In terms of transit, the total backlog went down slightly from $811 million to $778 million, but the freight backlog reached a record high of about $710 million versus $700 million last quarter.  The rolling 12-month backlog, this is a backlog that we expect to execute in just the next 12 months, is about $1 billion versus $970 billion -- I'm sorry, $970 million last quarter, so an increase of $30 million. In transit, it increased by about $26 million from $410 million to $436 million. And in freight, it went up slightly to $573 million from to -- I'm sorry, to $573 million from $560 million.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Al.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We really need to be honest. I think Al touched on it with PTC, so I want to repeat the same thing. So we're going to be repeating ourselves. We really don't give guidance on margins. Obviously, it's a factor that we stress considerably. And with our QPS efforts, we're always seeking continuous improvements, and that's one of the reasons we've been able to raise them. I think going forward, volume could have an impact on margins. Mix could have an impact on margins, and our ongoing QPS efforts could have an effort -- could have an effect on margins. And as we give guidance, we'll talk about margins a little bit. But we really don't like to predict where they could go other than to say, "Geez, we seek to continuously improve them and, hopefully, we can, going forward."
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes, sure. It is actually pretty simple. Interest expense is relatively stable. So the interest in other was relatively stable. It was down slightly. The reason for the increase was a paper FX loss. If you want to get into the details of accounting, I can bore you with it. It basically relates to how you've translated all the company balances. But it resulted in the paper FX loss a little bit over $1 million. And that's what drove it up. We expect that to be nonrecurring, I mean, that's one area that we try to emphasize, so we keep those to a minimum. But we had that one this quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. This is Alvaro. I think you're going to see the transit margins remain relatively stable. They're affected by a few factors. Obviously, volume and mix are very significant factors in the transit margins. And obviously, we try to improve them with our QPS efforts as we go forward as well. But I would say going forward, we would expect the transit margins to be stable.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. I think amortization is mostly related to acquisitions and amortization of intangibles. You should expect it to be stable to slightly decreasing. Some of it is what we'd call -- whenever you make an acquisition, the amortization in the first few periods are a little bit higher than the recurring amortization. And we still have a little bit of that working its way through. So I would expect that, say, over the next couple of quarters, if you assume neutral acquisition, it should go down a little bit. But it's not a big number to begin with. So I would say a modest decrease going forward. A few hundred thousand in the quarter - for a couple of quarters and then that's about it.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And it's $47.965 million on a -- not the weighted average, but the actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It's nice to have it go up. I'm glad that there's a favorable reaction to the news today. The share, we don't have a set target. We just acquaint everybody that's on the call. We have $150 million share repurchase program. I think we still have about $120 million available under that repurchase program, and we try to be opportunistic. We try to buy it when we believe the price is right. If you ask me, this is a personal opinion, this is not a -- this is just a personal opinion, not guidance. But in my mind, the stock is cheap. But we do tend to be opportunistic when we buy. And we have no set target for executing it, but we do have about $120 million of availability
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yes. It should be right around there. We got a kind of preliminary basis, and it's still subject to review. But it's about $1.015 billion.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: That's correct. That's booked after the quarter. We don't include it in backlog until we have a firm PO or contract. And that wasn't booked until after the quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Alvaro. Once again, we've had a strong performance in the quarter, record sales and earnings. Longer term, we're very pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see from all aspects. We continue to benefit from the diverse business model that we have and the culture that exist in the company from our Wabtec Performance System, which gives us the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is now taking advantage of our growth opportunities.  With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. We're -- as we've said in the prepared remarks, we're really excited about the opportunities we have ahead of us. I think these lay the statistics that -- as it relates to the freight markets, which I'll talk about first, are encouraging. Number one, the last 3 weeks, 10 miles average weekly number was over 36 billion ton miles. And that's where the numbers were in 2008. So that continues to bode well. If you look at the orders in the backlog, orders are exceeding deliveries by 8,000. The backlog going up to 65,000. If you look back, there's just probably only a few quarters that exist where that backlog was much higher than that number. I think that from a freight standpoint, everything looks good, but the risk is the economy. And the economy is what drives that freight market. When you look domestically at the transit markets, I think that what we're seeing is more encouraging than we've seen in the last 18 months to 2 years. And that's -- that people are seriously talking about a Transportation Bill that would eliminate the uncertainty that exist in the marketplace. And even if the amount of funding is not major -- is not increased by a large amount, it's good to have a consistent number that you can plan ahead on. We are excited also, from a transit standpoint, on the international basis, the global basis because, again, we're small player in large markets. And we're making great progress in that area. So, I think that, again, the big risk and that's what we're looking for as we look into 2012 is the economy. But I think Wabtec is uniquely positioned right now. We saw when we went in to the -- if there was a downturn, I think it would be a 6, 9 month delay before we would see the impact of that. And we also have good internal growth from our new technologies and other growth initiatives we started. And lastly, we've shown that we're a proven company that can find companies. We could acquire them and then integrate them well and get the advantage of that. So we're extremely excited like most businesses are right now, but that doom and gloom of the economy is definitely something that weighs on our minds as we look forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: In the freight arena, you will not see large contracts. What you'll see is that we will continue to get orders for the onboard computer and some of the service work. But most of the large contracts would really be more associated in the international and transit arena. So what we will see is our backlog should actually increase as people put more orders into -- install the computers onboard. So I don't think you're going to see large orders that would give you that indication. It would probably just be our backlog that would go up in that area.
Albert J. Neupaver: Only thing we have seen is the impact of the corruption and the crash in China. Now we don't have a large investment at this time in China, but they have definitely slowed down. One, they slowed down their high-speed trains, which has an impact because we have a lot of friction products on those high-speed trains. And some of their programs are delayed right now. We think they'll work their way through that, but that is the only thing that I have, and that is just such a small part of our business right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we're not trying to do any kind of tempering. We're not trying to show optimism. What we're trying to do is give you facts. And I think that with those facts we continue, we'll continue to announce when we do have contracts. But it's a marketplace where, as I indicated, the assumptions need to take in consideration market share, complexity, government transit projects. And I just think it's prudent to be very cautious on coming to quick assumptions in that area.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that because of the uncertainties that I tried to point out, I think it -- I would hate to mislead anyone, and I want to make sure that they understand the variables that really, truly exist when you try to quantify this. Yes, we've quantified it internally. And as I stated, we're excited about our opportunity. But I'm...
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, as you know, we don't give guidance out beyond the annual guidance. And right now, all we've done is given guidance for the year, this year. So we really haven't given any guidance out beyond that. Next year, when we do the annual guidance which is, normally, we do it -- and if we do it the same way this year, it'd be at the end of the first quarter. Yes, the end of the fourth quarter, earnings are released, we'll try to give you more color on it. But at this point, we're not trying to give any guidance whatsoever. We're just trying to give you facts about the marketplace and the various variables that exist in that market place.
Albert J. Neupaver: And one thing's for sure, there's going to be a tremendous amount of pressure on the team here that continue to improve the margins as we have in the last 5 years. And As we go through our budgeting cycle or planning cycle that we're doing right now, there's a lot of focus on continuing to improved on those margins.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that we would -- if you look backwards, you realize that when you -- every bit of improvement going forward is more difficult than the one you just had. But we obviously incrementally want to continue to improve those margins just as we have in the past.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. Then not because we're wise people, but if you do remember back to earlier in the year, the questions related to PTC, we told everyone that we thought that we'd start to see increased revenue in the back half of the year, and most of it in the fourth quarter. And that's holding to be true.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I thing the environment is not terrific on the price side, and there are some pressure from inflation. But we are still able to get a little bit of pricing in those areas where we have a niche or a differentiated product. When you look at the efficiencies in the manufacturing, when we're ramping up still from what was a very low level of production just 9, 12 months ago, I think there's still some inefficiencies. So we would expect we could do better than the percent. And I think that's something that we will stay focused on especially as we do our planning into 2012.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that Europe could have a major impact from an economic standpoint, which could change the dynamics going forward for the economy on a global basis. That we really have -- we're like everyone else. We're hoping they get through their issues. I think that Europe, this economic crisis could have -- this a personal opinion, I think it could have an impact on Europe for a couple of years here, even if the rest of the global economy grows. How does that impact us? Not a tremendous amount at this point because we do -- the areas that we play in, in Europe are primarily a lot of aftermarket and a lot of transit. And I think that what we've been seeing in the last recession, there's not a major impact in there. Now, what I would be concerned about is the fact that they may not create some of the new transit programs because of that particular crisis. But we're not seeing that. We're -- we still see a lot of projects going on. And obviously, we have the same concern as others, but I kind of feel they'll work through their promise. It's going to take time.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, our acquisition program is very busy right now. We've got a lot going on. There's a lot more activity. What we have seen is there's a lot more people in that area right now because a lot of people do have cash. So private equities back into the game as well. So there's a lot of activity. We have a good pipeline. And hopefully, we'll stay very disciplined on how we approach it going forward as we have in the past. But I think if you look at our track record, we've been able to acquire close to $125 million, $150 million with the businesses annually. And most importantly, we've been able to integrate them and get the value from them.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've heard a lot of talk, but we have no intelligence whatsoever that -- of any of that related to PTC. I think right now, they're trying to get the headlines out, and that is, they both want to get a Transportation Bill done. And I think the details in the committee are just not known at this point. I think there's some speculation out there, but we'll just have to wait and see.
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't have the number. I'd hate to pull one out of the sky. I think it's kind of early right now because what happens is there's only 4 or 5 transit agencies that are actually working on it right out. There's others talking about it. But the extent of the project could be as simple as putting on a few onboard computers and maybe a little bit of track work to really doing a lot more and upgrading their entire signaling system. So it really is a broad range, and I'd hate to give you a number that we really don't have a great feel for at this time because of the variance that you're going to get from one agency to the another. I mean, in the case of Denver, I mean, this is 3 brand new lines. And you know that Metrolink is a very large project because of just the vastness of that system. And we've tried to point out, I mean, you go down to Northern County and San Diego, only 10 locomotives. That could be a very simple system, or they can make them more complex and change their entire dispatch system. So if it's a broad range.
Albert J. Neupaver: We have the -- the Brazil contract would be in there, Metrolink. Denver is not in the number yet because we didn't sign that until the fourth quarter. And then beyond the -- so beyond this Brazil and the transit, it's probably a pretty small number.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, no. We're not -- realize, the 40,000 was printed before we got the data. The data, actually, I didn't see it until like 9:00 this morning.
Albert J. Neupaver: And if you look at the second quarter, it was 10. So you had 7, 6, 10. So the -- I'm being very honest with you, we didn't change the 40, but we did say, "About".
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I believe so. I think that -- what I am hearing though that most people are quoting well into 2012 on these orders which I think is good. You far rather see it over a period of time, and not just a prompt jump than a reaction to it. So yes, I think there's room for delivery growth without question. But I'd rather see it the way it's going nice and gradual.
Albert J. Neupaver: The supply chain is not a constraint at this point. I don't think with anyone that I'm aware of. Definitely not us.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, well, first of all, there's not a lot of freight business in Europe. And typically, Europe has the August shutdown type of thing. It impacts the revenue. But that would not impact the freight markets. I think what you're seeing in freight is, I mean, just what we said, 10 miles is up, but $36 billion weekly average. And if -- I don't know if I have it here, but if -- if you went back to -- let me give you some ton miles, I mean ton miles is everything to us, so as we try to track it. In the second quarter -- first quarter was 30, was average for the quarter. Second quarter was 32, third quarter was 32. But at the end of the third quarter, it went up to like halfway through. It was 34 all the way up to 36. So you're seeing quite a difference in ton miles. And also, if you look at the deliveries which drives our business, it's not the orders as much. And you'll see first quarter was 7,600 then 10,600, now 12,500. That 2,000 car deliveries is a big growth number. I mean, we talk about on a share of base the number of almost equivalent to 4,000 per car. So that's -- you're talking about $8 million incremental business just from that. So those are the things driving in our other business. I mean, the fright markets and the international basis are good in Australia, Brazil, even China. So those are the things that drive that. And I think the normal seasonality that you talk about would really be on a year where you don't have those factors that are driving it. We also are seeing some freight PTC growth. And that's in those numbers as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: Outside of the U.S. basis is -- international sales is 46% in the quarter. Outside of the U.S., I would -- I don't have that number exact, but I'll give you an estimation, probably in the 36% to 38% range.
