Rafael Santana: Hey, thanks, Pat. First, let me talk to you about the overall Freight market conditions. Let's start with North America, Freight rail traffic's down about 2% year-to-date, driven largely by inclement weather conditions, the drop in the intermodal traffic, the declines in critical commodities, like coal and agriculture, Precision Scheduled Railroading is certainly having some effect on new local orders, but it's offset by our modernization program and aftermarket services book. We continue to work closely with all platforms to understand their current fleet strategies, and we remain confident that our business model as a technology leader in critical provider of services is much more aligned with what the railroads are trying to accomplish with PSR, namely: improve the efficiency and productivity. Across our international markets, we remain well-positioned for growth, and we're pursuing fleet expansions and opportunities across some critical growth markets. This includes Southeast Asia, includes Brazil, opportunity in the West Coast of Africa. Additionally, we continue to see the strength in our industrial end markets, particularly in mining, we expect double-digit growth for the total year. So while we saw a weaker North American market, our Freight business performed as expected. Looking at the rest of the year, we now adjusted our view on cargo volume, which we now expect to be lower versus a year ago. The Freight car market has weakened versus last quarter, and it's tracking now to deliveries in the low to mid-50s for the year, and these assumptions are included in our guidance for the year. With that in mind, let me move into Transit. The Transit sector, we're seeing a steady growth in ridership and urbanization. Agent fleets across Europe and the U.S., they need to be upgraded, presenting a really unique opportunities for growth. We see public operators are being flushed or increased productivity, and the industry is demanding coal are really advancements, including safety, reliability and condition monitoring, which are areas we place a strong role and will continue to grow. Across our segment portfolio, we have a firm multiyear backlog that will result in growth. We are continuing to make progress on our Transit business. Lilian Leroux and the Transit team are driving a clear focus on prudent project selection that will lead to increased profitability as well as long-term aftermarkets revenues. At the same time, we are continuing to drive actions to improve execution on our existing projects. With these efforts underway, we remain confident that our Transit segment margins will improve over the company's strategic planning period. With that, I hope you have a better chance for what we're seeing across the company. Our strengths, our challenges and our strategy for moving forward. We reported good performance this quarter. We've raised our cash flow guidance for the full year to approximately $900 million. We've our adjusted EPS guidance down at $4.10 to $4.20. Additionally, we're off the strong start with the integration of Wabtec and GE Transportation and remain on plan to deliver $250 million of operating synergies by the end of year 4 of the merger with the higher-than-expected run rate for growth synergies by the end of this year. Our teams are focused on delivering for the year, while creating long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Now we're happy to answer any of your questions. So Mike, please, proceed
Rafael Santana: Well so, a couple things, I think. Number one, when we started to work on that a while back, I've had the opportunity to start interacting with Al and the team here going back 14 months ago. So if we have the opportunity to really go through a map a lot of the opportunities as I look at these opportunities that we continue to have, the opportunity here to grow share in terms of the content of Wabtec drives us into the locomotives that we provide to the market out there. I think there are some of the key markets, globally speaking, that we're well-positioned. We can take advantage of longer-term agreements and bringing a lot of those products into the heart of our services franchise. So, it's one area of opportunity here and we feel strong about being able to drive share going up with our customers.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So I think you've seen some progress there, early days. What I'd say is, Lilian Leroux and the team, they are really committed to make sure that we have a strong rigor to the bidding process. So that speaks to the quality of the order intake, making sure that we sign up for projects that we clearly understand risks and that we're able to deliver on it, so that's where it starts first, the quality of the order intake. The team has been taking really strong view on projects we are executing through, making sure the accountabilities there, that we're taking cost out measures as a result of that. So to that process, we do expect and we're committed to drive improvement of margins overtime. And with regards to the U.K. projects, those projects -- some of that is -- those projects actually extends into 2020 and '21. I think some of these elements that you laid is really associated with the receipt of cars to be repair and overhaul and they've got to be sent by the customer to us. We're going to see the majority of that being run out by the end of this year. So just continue to work early days some improvement in the quarter, a lot of work ahead of us.
Rafael Santana: We've been there in the past. There's clearly opportunities. The question is how fast we get there? So we're surely committed to improving the margins.
Rafael Santana: So from a synergy perspective, yes. I think we've guided it from net synergies of $20 million for this year. I certainly tracking to north of that. But the bulk of the synergies for the $250 million will be '20 and beyond. I think we're really making sure we continue to evaluate and watch closely our end markets, the various end markets that we serve. And we've been ready to take actions as needed, as those markets fluctuate and we get a positive, we will have a positive news in that regard. And you're seeing the reflection of some of those actions already in our second quarter results.
Rafael Santana: No. We're not at this point providing what I'll tell you is we have validated the $250 million of targets to be achieved by the end of 2022, and we're certainly mapping incremental opportunities that we could act on as the environment demands.
Rafael Santana: So maybe a good way to answer your question just to kind of walk you a little bit on some of the dynamics we're seeing around the world. I'll probably start with Asia, where traffic continues to be strong, driving demand for one of our rolling stock in locomotive replacement. So we've been working on a number of opportunities there. You take the aspects of the Australia, New Zealand, we also see fleet when the opportunities in the works driving demands. And here's a combination of not just locomotives, but Freight cars and a lot of the components that we sell. There continues to be pockets opportunity in Africa, of course, we recently completed contract for 233 locomotives, but we're expecting to grow in the West Africa, and those are some of the opportunities we work here to the second quarter. Russia and CIS, despite traffic being flattish, there are certainly opportunities for fleet renewal, and we're really working strongly with both Russia, Ukraine and opportunities ahead. Last one is probably Latin America. I'd say right now, demand seems to be moderate, but we found pockets of opportunities to grow our fleet there. And we'll continue to pursue that.
Rafael Santana: Okay. So we've seen the backlog with a slight decrease of about $600 million from the first quarter. I'd say some of that is really associated with the lumpiness of some of the orders. Keep in mind, we've received a number of multiyear orders in the course of the last couple of years. And I think that's number one, something to keep in mind. The second piece to that is, as you start looking to the elements of our Freight market specific, I think there's surely headwinds. So when I think about, I'll call, our OE business, and especially in the light of North America. I think it's important to keep in mind that some of the dynamics have been playing out for some time. I mean, I've been having a number of locomotives were part starting the first half in the first part of the second half of last year, and it has gone through the first half of this year. Right now, we're sitting on one of the highest numbers of locomotive part for the past 10 years, and that has played out over the last 12 months. When you think about the aspect of carloads being down, that certainly be a dynamic since the beginning of this year. I think what we like on our portfolio is, when I think about the services portfolio, our recurring revenue certainly have a more global installed base they were certainly take advantage of. I think we have a portfolio that allows customers for the fleets that they are maintaining and running that we have the opportunities to provide enhancements to that fleet. You're seeing that coming through the modernization program, but we're certainly seeing the fleets there are remaining active. There's more demand for parts. Service got to be intensified on those in order to improve reliability and availability of those units. So when you blend that up, I mean, we're looking at sources business that is growing for the year, I think that's one element to keep in your mind. When it comes down to -- and specifically you asked on new locomotives. I think, as we discuss strategies for our customers, I think there has been a number of discussions where the preference might have gone towards modernizations versus new locomotives, and that's offsetting some of that pressure. And we like the portfolio we have in terms of the opportunities, and there's lot of pieces of the portfolio, which Transits, we certainly have an opportunity here to continue to drive growth. Mining, we're having double-digit growth for the year and good prospects here moving forward.
Rafael Santana: So I think we are well-positioned from a technology perspective to have really one of the most competitive products out there as far as you look, not just in North America, but internationally. It's an element not just of new locomotive, it's also an element of the services portfolio. So keeping those fleets up-to-date, efficient, productive. So, when I look at the share of installed base, I think we've been able to grow that share on installed base just based on having a more reliable and more efficient fleet. And we're certainly continuing to make investments to allow customers more opportunities to invest on getting more value out of the existing fleet, which also drives value for us.
Rafael Santana: Okay. When it comes to that rest of the year, of course, we assess here the backlog and the current projects we're working on and we felt strong to the point that we've raised the guidance on cash flows, and we are really moved our range from $4.10 to $4.20. So just stuck there. With regards to being able to comment on 2020, it's kind of too early. We're certainly watching carefully our various end markets, and we're really ready to take the necessary cost actions to make sure that we offset any elements of challenges on any markets that we ultimately serve. I think one of the things to keep in mind, as what I just described for our services business, which I think it really has the opportunity to drive value of providing customers solutions for the existing fleet. So, you're going to need to ultimately extract more values on those fleets. They need to be running better from positions, and I think we're seeing the opportunity to grow our services business as a result of that. But we'll keep really watching carefully some of the same data that you look at it, and we'll continue to monitor our end markets.
Rafael Santana: So couple points with regard to our backlog, I think we were clear in the first quarter. Our backlog for new locomotives was close to 2,000 units. And the modernizations, they were close to 900 units. I'd say, at the end of the second quarter, those numbers are about 1,900 for new locomotives and about 800 for mods in that regard. We have not had any project cancellations. I mean, of course, it's part of as we might have discussions with customers in terms of timing of our deliveries and things like that. But we don't disclose those, and they're really on a case-by-case basis.
Rafael Santana: So couple of points. I think number one, this is a cyclical market. But overtime, we do expect that those numbers can be, I'll call, more than two times higher versus the trough numbers than we had in 2018. With that in mind, and there's certainly a variety of elements playing out there. Some of it, as you discussed, fleet strategies with customers, we are seeing a stronger interest in some of the modernization programs. In terms of numbers, those are more than offsetting out of some of the numbers on -- from new locomotives. But over time, I think a good way to think about it is, think about we think about the fleets that we have out there, they're running hard in some key markets. You'll see those locomotives, in average, being replaced every 20 to 30 years. So if you think about that, just from a U.S. market perspective with close to 50,000 units, you apply that logic, I mean you'll see we should expect those numbers to be north of 500 locomotives in average per year, and of course, we've got all the international markets, which will be very project-based. So we think it's consistent. The timing on those will vary based on where we are in the cycle.
Rafael Santana: So we do both today. In some cases, we do the full modernization ourselves. In some cases, we ship a lot of the -- and what the railroads will do, they will utilize the fact that they might have a capacity available in their shops to do a lot of the assembly and apply the labor hours, to get more, I'll call efficiency and level loads in their plants. So this is really a case-by-case basis. What I'll tell you, I think we've been able to really deliver on a strong reliability and availability our numbers for the units that we do.
Rafael Santana: Yes. So up to this point, I'd say we have really been very focused on the integration and synergies and making sure that we are working on delivering our commitments. We are starting the process of really doing this long-term planning through the second half of the year. We do intend to have an Investor Day at this point, likely to happen in the earlier parts of next year.
Rafael Santana: What I'll tell you is, we are growing that specific product line by double-digits into this year. So there certainly an element of opportunity here to continue to drive growth there and being a significant part of what we do. We -- I also continue to evaluate opportunities for new locomotives as we continue to advance some of the product offering to improve fuel efficiency and to improve our automation as part of that. I think we had a strong first half for the year. I think we feel on track to increase, while again the low end of the guidance. We're continuing to watch and monitoring our end markets. I think one of the elements to offset some of that softness is the service franchise. The global footprint that we have and the offering that we have to get more out of the install base. The assets that are remaining in operations, they're demanding more services, they're demanding more parts. You want to ultimately guarantee that you have a more reliable asset running, and we're seeing the services business that it's growing this year. And just to point out again, I mean, a lot of these dynamics have been in place for some time. I mean we've been seeing locomotives being part as -- early part of the second half of last year. And a year later, we're sitting here in one of the highest levels of what his part, and carloads has been coming down since January here for the business. And so I think we like some of the opportunities we have here with the services franchise.
Rafael Santana: That -- the impact of volumes, it's really been an ongoing factor in how we operate the business especially our plans are North Carolina. And so they have adjusted their working capital model exactly for that demand. Really, in the end, it's -- that North America friction business is only a small component of our overall friction business, because we have multiple plants in Europe, which are serving the Transit side too, as well as Australia, India, and South America. And so all in all, I would say the impact of any kind of slowdown on friction is definitely behind us and reflected in the results.
Rafael Santana: I'll say, we're seeing certainly good in terms of deliveries. So for this year, I think with regards to next year -- I mean, this is purely – I mean we're working on a number of opportunities. The bulk of the pipeline is really a lot of international markets for new locomotives. And those tend to be a little more volatile in terms of the timing. But we're working to make sure that we improve that pipeline.
Pat Dugan: Sure. I think when you look at it, and we talk about it an awful lot in previous calls, is that there was just some concern at the day of close. Remember in the first quarter, we were only five weeks into the combination, and we definitely had some, what I keep referring to as a supply chain tools that were provided by GE Capital and help the business manage their working capital. Factory programs on receivables, extended supplier programs, payment programs for -- on the payable side. And so the impact of those -- getting out of those tools was -- it was a headwind, something that we were concerned about. And I think we kind of referred everybody references that, that was about $150 million worth of working capital concern. And frankly the team has done an excellent job on mitigating that impact, working to do a good job in collecting receivables and working with our suppliers. And then on top of that, there's just been an overall better performance in terms of -- and focus on working capital management. So all Wabtec contributed to better receivables, better payable management, better inventory management. And then we also have, and I talked about this in the script, a little bit of the impact of some customer deposits that we received on discrete projects. So all in all, it was a good working capital performance. The mitigation of that headwind ended up in a really good cash performance in the second quarter. On a go-forward basis in terms of our guidance, we think that we're giving a good view of a typical cash conversion cycle. We don't see any kind of like one-time benefit or working capital, rather a continues improvement working capital, and really allows us to come forward with that a good guidance number that's materially improved.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I think that's right. And we also had some concerns on the working capital. We've had restructuring and other costs. And so that was really kind of added up to our total impact of cash with that was the $300 million.
Pat Dugan: So just let me answer those two questions first, okay. In terms of the factoring, the factoring, we have not replaced the factoring program. We had to exit the GE factoring programs. So in other words, the factoring provided a quicker turn on cash receipts on receivables. We have been able to -- that's been paid off and there is no more factoring out there and we have not put in a new program in place for those receivables. We have -- so that's behind us. And if we were to actually find and get into a factoring program that we thought was a good answer and attractive, that would be a benefit going forward. But we have nothing that we're working on right now or in our plans for that right now. In terms of the customer deposits, I think, in total, the receipts of customer deposits that I was referring to were about $60 million. And one of those deposits occurred -- a portion of those deposits occurred in the first quarter and the second quarter. But of course, you're constantly kind of receiving and consuming deposits, so to speak, in terms of project performance. But the gross number received was about 60.
Pat Dugan: So I think you're going to get a benefit from the cash sharing kind of arrangement, where we get the benefit, in other words, we have less that we have to pay to the government, so to speak, in terms of taxes. And that shows up in the cash from operations. But the amount that we paid to GE to their cap, $470 million, will come out in our cash from investing activities -- the cash used in investing activities. So I think to quantify that for you, because I think that would be a good piece of information, maybe the benefit in the second quarter is about $20 million, and I would expect a similar benefit in each of the future quarters.
Pat Dugan: That's the benefit to cash from operations. So that would be a good guide in the cash from operations in the second quarter and each of the third in the fourth quarter, and then you would have an outflow in investing activities that would be equal to a net -- 0 net impact. 
Pat Dugan: No. I think a year ago, electronic sales and PTC sales, we're running in with the idea that, that deadline in 2018 was -- had an impact. And I think that when you look at the current quarter, I think we're at the kind of the more typical run rate without the PTC deadline out there. So the decline in electronic sales would definitely correlate to the change in PTC demand. What we're focused on now is again, the development of the next-generation opportunities, on maintenance contracts and upgrade the capabilities in PTC. And so we really see that as our growth opportunity, especially as we integrated with our -- the digital business that came in GET.
Pat Dugan: So I think what we're talking about in our guidance is that our working capital at the end of the second quarter will remain about the same level as it is now. We're not -- obviously, we're constantly looking to perform better, to do better with working capital, inventory returns, receivable, days outstanding, but in terms of our guidance, we're feeling like that's fairly neutral through the rest of the year. The overhang that we keep talking about in the initial guidance that we gave earlier in the year is really -- we feel is behind us. The factoring, the extended payment terms programs, those have unwound themselves, and of course, the restructuring cash costs were also part of that adjustment. So it's just -- we're looking at a kind of a neutral view on working capital changes through the rest of the year.
Pat Dugan: I think we're on track to achieve these synergies. I think what you're kind of driving is, what leverage do we have in order to pull those in? Or what kind of risks are there for them to be pushed off? And I definitely think that there is lot of factors, a lot of opportunity there. We're going to -- when we talk about our synergies and the kind of the buckets where these are being achieved, both near-term and long-term, it's definitely coming from sourcing, combining as a bigger organization, leveraging each other's supply chain, reducing the number of rooftops, having consolidated facilities and capacity. And you can kind of look at those near-term synergies that we've talked about as they could be impacted how fast we move based on our market conditions. Our goal is to move as fast as possible to get these opportunities kind of benefiting the company in 2019, so that they're up and running already for future periods.
Pat Dugan: Yes. Matt, we've never given any kind of quarter guidance before it gets kind of difficult. We definitely will have an impact on the Transit business, which was largely European. Not only -- our customers are -- will get into shutdowns and other kind of slowdowns in their own production, so it kind of has a triple effect into our Transit business. The other thing is, we have with our -- with GET, there is an impact on timing of service and the underlying contracts and projects that we have. And so right now, it's probably not as dramatic an impact as it has been in the past, but kind of a little bit -- it's still a factor. It still matters. And so that's why we pointed that out.
Pat Dugan: Yes. The first quarter Freight margin was definitely impacted by the five-week GET results. A little bit about sales mix and the timing of how they were delivered and recognized as part of Wabtec versus part of GET -- or GE, excuse me. But also, you have to factor in the recurring PPA. We only have about a month of recurring PPA in the first quarter with that real favorable mix, where mostly revenue was kind of delivered for the quarter in the five weeks with Wabtec. When you take the full impact on the quarter, a more balanced, the sales mix in the OEM aftermarket and that recurring PPA, you get that variation on the Freight margins. The way I've been looking at it is, you look at our Q2, we're at about 16.6% Freight margin, okay, once you add back our one-time adjustments. And then if you add back all that recurring PPA, you actually have a margin for the Freight segment that's in excess of 20%, and very consistent with what kind of the legacy Wabtec Freight business has been. 
