Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Wabtec's third quarter 2021 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, John Olin; and Senior Vice President of Finance, John Mastalerz.  Today's slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures were posted on our website earlier today, and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making today are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. I will now turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move on to questions. But before we do and out of consideration for others on the call, I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Operator, we are now ready for our first question. 
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you for your participation everybody. We look forward to meeting with you over the next couple of months and certainly next quarter. Have a great day.
Rafael Santana: So, let me start there, Justin. I’ll start with the pipeline of deals that continues to strengthen. I mean, when you look at the impact on the quarter, it’s really tied to supply chain disruption. If anything versus last time we thought, I’d say, we have a stronger pipeline. If you think about the 12 month backlog, it’s up double-digit versus a year ago. This is the highest backlog we had since what, fourth quarter 2019.  And this is a pipeline we continue to work on convertibility here. I think commodity demand remains overall strong for both agriculture and mining. In North America, even in the quarter demand for services and supports for both fuel savings and reliability remains strong. Locomotives are running harder. Demand for freight car is on the rise from the forecast we had earlier in the year. And I think most important we also continue to build momentum on the battery electric solution with customers around the world.  So, this is not a question around demand. I think the adjustment we judged in the guidance for the year reflects some of that disruption including going into the fourth quarter which is reflected in guidance we provided. 
Rafael Santana: Yes. Jerry, so first, we do see, I mean, development in that business coming to this year. I think demand is still out there on this. When we think about growth, I think a lot of the elements of growth here for the mods business is more international. I think it remains so robust part of the solution for our customers in North America and justified very much with the announcement we made, but you kind of see us talking about some announcements around off shoring internationally for mod. So that’s where I think a larger part of that opportunity is. 
Rafael Santana: I think a lot of those customers are actually benefiting from that, Jerry. So it’s very much connected to it in terms of the opportunities present to grow volume. A lot of it’s demand around both the elements of mining, but also the elements of the agri business. And those remain robust and the forecast that’s positive as we look around the world going back very much my remarks. It’s not a function of a single geography. We are really seeing a pickup on different geographies. 
Rafael Santana: And Jerry, to give more color to it, so number of customer we view is when we get multiyear contracts. So those already call it, provide them some visibility in terms of cost escalations to that process and I mean, we’ve been with a lot of and most of these customers we had a longstanding relationship. So, we’ve gone through times like this. 
Rafael Santana: Sure. Well, first, I think it’s markets to where we continue to see good momentum. So, when I think about the 2022, 2023 timeframe, I think we see a positive momentum. It’s all around the convertibility of this pipeline into orders and again, as I described it touches different geographies and different elements of that. So, we do expect growth associated to that when we go to the 2022, 2023 timeframe. With regards to guidance into 2022, it’s kind of early stages for us to really be discussing guidance at this point. But favorable demand in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. 
Rafael Santana: I’ll start with number one efficiency, productivity, safety, those continue to be imperatives for our customers. We continue to see a strong commitment from them. Book-to-bill is above one year-to-date. We had some strong quarters looking back in terms of some of the multiyear orders and I think internationally we are keeping expanding our penetration. One of the products I think I’ve talked about it before is PTC. Still be an opportunity to that is when I think about outside of the U.S. as big as the U.S. opportunity, we’ve started to execute now in PTC through three different countries outside of the U.S. Now, those are opportunities that it takes some time in terms of working those through. In a lot of cases we are doing also with governments on adopting it. But a very good positive progress up to this point. And I think we have significant room to grow in terms of helping customers hear with both the elements of driving productivity and decarbonization, which touches directly these products. So it’s going to go with automation and fuel savings at the end of the day. 
Rafael Santana: 2.1 percentage points on an enterprise-wide basis. I am sorry. I am sorry. U.S. contribution, that was for sales. So we benefited in overall consolidated sales because of Nordco by 2.1 percentage points. 
Rafael Santana: Yes, we do have expense with those escalators as we look at over time, the combination of this escalation plus the productivity we drive, I’ll call positive outcomes. So that I want to tell you that. 
Rafael Santana: Well, we are making progress. So I will start there. Expect some continued announcement here as we drive convertibility. We expect, especially when you think of the OE side, some of those might hit us more on the 2023 than the 2022 timeframe. But that’s why I told you about the 2022, 2023 positive dynamics in terms of what we see out there in terms of revenue growth. So, with that and considering the dynamics, we still have in North America. We see the opportunity here to drive profitable growth in the 2022, 2023 timeframe despite still looking at, well, deliveries for North America locomotives still at zero, which is the same that we had this year. 
Rafael Santana: Yes. Good question, Courtney. The $15 million to $20 million of higher cost is a gross number. And again, when we look at a net number, we are triggering some of those price escalators in the quarter and we also got some flow arrangements where they get priced automatically and again the team is looking at surcharges and what not. If we take the other side of this equation which is the revenue piece of this, it is about little over half of the $15 million to $20 million. So we are covering about half of that through these mechanisms. And again, we are on our way to price neutrality to positive and we would expect that in the next couple of quarters that we will have some margin compression as we kind of deal with the lag of mainly the long-term contracts that have price escalators in it. 
Rafael Santana: So, first, I think you will continue to see variation quarter-over-quarter on margins and sales and I think for reasons we described before, which can include timing of projects and input mix, under absorption. So I will stay away from what we are really bidding us down on any specific results in an any given quarter. I think the overall commitment which John spoke to is despite of this pressure as we talked to you on previous earnings, the commitment is there despite a higher risk to drive 50 basis points of improvements for the year and despite of the pressure on margins moving forward the team is continuing to work on really offsetting those with some of the mechanisms we described that they are certainly elements of looking at alternative sourcing that the team is looking at it and we certainly got the elements of also austerity on costs that we can add to the elements of pricing and the other things that John described. 
Rafael Santana: I’d start with overall, especially when I look in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. I think we see overall positivism. It’s certainly I think even more positive when I think about the elements of international. I talked a little bit earlier about zero locomotives in North America. I think ultimately, even when you think about the 2022, 2023 timeframe the net impact of absorption, I think certainly lessen as we first, I mean, there is a lap or the impact of 2021 which is just a repeat of no locomotives this year. And we see the opportunity here to outrage what I will call increased volume across, literally more optimized cost structure as a result of the synergies and the cost actions that the team has driven. So, despite of this margin pressure, we continue on our commitment here to drive profitable growth for the longer term for the business. 
Rafael Santana: I think customers wait for this. I think that some of the things that we announced here on the quarter it’s really us continue to build momentum in battery electric solutions. And this was customers really around the world. So I think the importance of this is really we do expect and we told about it on building what I’ll call is solid baseline demand that actually helps us accelerate the introduction of this technology which builds up on the long-term profitable growth for the business. So there is a not a way to show lot more in terms of our discussion on how to best integrate that into their operations through some discussions that happen along the lines of applying that into specific corridors where they are able to have that dedicated fleet and that’s some of this premise is out. And I think what’s important to our test, what I will call the invention of this product, this is really about spudding into riding new services and working with customers to accelerate introduction in the areas that it makes sense. 
Rafael Santana: Yes. We like this product very much. There is positives in terms of how we look at, what we are introducing to keep in minds, we are not just introducing, what I’ll call locomotive, a lot of it’s still goes with that locomotive upfront. So, we like a lot of the dynamics on what that can provide in terms of value for both our customers and ourselves. 
Rafael Santana: You know, Steve, what we are going to do is spend the next three months really refining our plans, absorbing the car shack that we have now and we will back again in about three months and provide a good view as to what we do believe will happen in margins in 2022. But at this point, we feel good as we look forward. 
Rafael Santana: So, let me start with the second part of your question. When we gave the guidance associated with this year, that certainly implies what I’ll call stronger headwinds than we’ve had in the third quarter when it comes down to supply chain disruptions with that come in a series of actions being taken by the team and really proud to see the progress the team has had. So, I am not going to just state, when those will finish or not, I think this is a very dynamic situation and we are really focused on things that we control and it’s really tied to a cost austerity, continuing to drive productivity, making sure that we are looking at alternative sourcing and that we are acting on pricing. I think those are some of the things that we are focused on. On digital electronics, we – the dynamics are - I am going to call, moving in the right direction here with the business as I look into the book-to-bill, moving the right side strong opportunity here for us to grow penetration and that we have the opportunity, especially as we evolve some of these technologies. We talked quite a bit about battery electric. It’s really significant opportunity to have a much more interconnected ecosystem and that’s going to drive significant value for our customers. It’s going to drive competitiveness for rail overall. And we can certainly benefit from that. 
Rafael Santana: Let me take that, starting with freight services. I mean, revenues are up 13.6% and even if we were to discount the acquisition of Nordco, you would still have seen a sales increase of 6% into the quarter. That’s some of the elements of we could see variation quarter-to-quarter and that stays on timing of projects and mix as well it can play an element there. But this is a business that continues to have, what I’ll call high demand for really the elements of providing reliable power. Unparking of locomotives continue and demand for really modernization, it’s also lot there. And we are continuing to see higher aftermarket demand as some of the fleets get on part. So, right dynamics nothing specific to highlight on the business. 
Rafael Santana: When I look at the 2022, 2023 timeframe, I think the expectation is that, I mean, when you look, show an opportunity here for growing demand. I’ll stay away from really highlight specifics on going through the early part of next year just based on a lot of the things that we described here through the call. But demand is there. What we’ve seen up to this point is really disruption tied to supply chain and we see the opportunity to continue to drive long-term profitable growth for the business. The team is executing on the strategy and we are confident about our ability to position here the company for that long-term profitable growth. 
Rafael Santana: And I will just add, we just went through our strategic planning and as I look at the onus of both transit and the overall franchise we have the option here to drive profitable growth. 
Rafael Santana: This is a very dynamic environment. So I am not going to pretend to explain any movements on any specific railroads at this point. But as you look at the dynamics of demand, especially as you go into the 2022, 2023 timeframe, those are largely positive and I think we have the opportunity here to benefit from that. 
Rafael Santana: I think we have invested in a portfolio of solutions over time. I think despite of the cycles that’s a commitment we have had which is really longer term and I think we have come up with a number of solutions that can benefit, not just our own fleets, but can be taken into serving other fleets. We’ve demonstrated the ability to do that with PTC. And it’s something that we are certainly looking at it. It’s the opportunity to take that into other markets and other products. 
John Olin: Hi, Justin, this is John. Justin, with regards to the sequential and also year-over-year, the margin gains were about the same. Year-over-year, 1.7 points, on a sequential basis, 2.1 points. The driver of that in the freight organization is really the mix between the groups and mix within the groups. And when you look between the group, we had services which has got higher than average margin up 13.6% and in transit and equipment down anywhere between 2.5% and 5.7%. So that’s really the driver of both the sequential and the year-over-year margin improvement.  With regards to the cost side of the question, we talked about the $15 million to $20 million and that’s Justin, what has actually flown through the P&L. And so just to make sure that we are all straight, the largest of the predominance of that cost that we are seeing on the front end is towards freight and I am sorry, yes, freight and logistics cost. Those don’t flow through inventory and they hit us upfront. So the predominance of the $15 million to $20 million is in freight cost. The other piece of it is the materials rising as everyone knows has risen a lot as well as manufacturing inefficiencies. Now those get inventoried in the flow through inventory and they’ll be released in the future as those products are sold. If we look at what’s on the balance sheet, that’s at about the same amount that we saw pass through on the P&L in the third quarter. So there is another $15 million to $20 million on the balance sheet that will come and that’s what we talked about in the prepared remarks is that we would expect cost to rise in the fourth quarter and the next few quarters. 
John Olin: Great, Rob. In terms of freight margin, yes, I – certainly mix was a driver, but the productivity and the synergy that the organization is spinning out is absolutely building our margins in those areas. Again, we talked about the synergy piece in achieving the overall synergies a year early. We are seeing some of our actual delivery of that flows through the P&L in the third quarter as well as on the entire organization focused on productivity and integrating these companies continues to drive strong productivity. And again, that’s partially offset by escalating cost. So, let’s talk a little bit more about that. We know that the costs are up $15 million to $20 million in the third quarter. We know that that’s going to grow into the fourth quarter. And when we look at how we are going to cover that as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, is we will do it through a series of price escalations, pricing and price surcharges, as well as a lot ahead of work on accelerating productivity and kind of pushing of these cost increases as best we can. But to your question, let’s talk a little bit about the price escalators. Again, over half the company’s revenue is tied up, I mean, locked into long-term contracts. So we’ve got built-in protection for a situation as we are experiencing now. There is not a lot – there is nothing that we have to do what’s already pre-determined for us on how these costs will be covered. So, the question is, yes there tend to be a lag. Various contracts have different start days. Some are monthly and those adjust every month, quarterly and annual. So that we would expect over the next couple quarters that we would continue to build up the revenue side of this cost equation and track to be price cost neutral to positive as we go forward. The other piece of it is aside from the escalator. So a little bit less than half of the overall cost increases are being dealt with pricing and price surcharges.  This is all been factored into the guidance which we talked about the 50 point increase, 50 basis point increase in margins. And again, we are absorbing some of these costs. It’s still hitting the guidance that we previously put out there. 
John Olin: Yes. Courtney, it’s a little bit of mix, nobody call them as price escalators because there are also price de-escalators when cost go down. So, again, these are long-term contracts could be many, many years long. So all of this is prescribed and yes they do cover all those commodities, as well as labor and transportation costs. So, we feel very good about where we are sitting in that part of the cost structure that’s backed up by those long-term contracts. 
John Olin: We see the opportunity on the 2022, 2023 timeline to drive profitable growth as I had highlighted. In terms of some of the specific segments, I think would then open about it in terms of all the nodes start for our transit business, which is really getting margins to the methane. It should continue to drive margin improvements for our freight businesses as well. 
John Olin: Well, Allison, number one is I would say, I can’t wait to get our owners’ perspective on capital deployment, on the capital structure now. I will be out in the next several talking to a lot of them to get their feedback. The second thought that I have on the topic is what a great problem to have, some of these done a fantastic job of becoming very consistent and delivering a very strong cash conversion ratio and as we look at this quarter, $1 billion of free cash. So, number one is to make sure that we maintain a strong balance sheet, which the company has and continued to strengthen that. The second area, Allison, is to continue invest in the organic side of the business. I’ve been here out seven, eight weeks and I’ve seen a lot of capital requests and the returns are absolutely fantastic on those investments in terms of driving improved profits over that period of time. And then finally is on the remainder of the cash, we will look at M&A and share buybacks no differently. We will prioritize the returns t the shareholders and we will continue the buybacks as we did in the third quarter. So, again a great quarter in terms of share buybacks at a $199 million. And we will apply what makes sense in terms of strategic acquisitions and look to how do we continue to drive the shareholder value of the company forward. 
John Olin: Sure, Matt. This is John. Matt, as we look at the 12 month backlog, you are right. It is down about a $115 million or a couple percent. And that is driven by transit and there are two things which are driving that reduction. One is about half of it is on foreign exchange. So pick that right off the top. The other piece on – the other half of it in transit is our exiting some non-profitable contracts. I just remember a couple of quarters ago, the company talked about a UK restructuring and so these are contracts that we are exiting because they weren’t delivering the level of profits that we would expect from our transit organization. So those are the two pieces that explain the bulk of the reduction from the second quarter to the third quarter. But I’d also point out, Matt is when you look on a year-over-year basis, so, a year ago quarter, 12 month back log is actually up very strong. It’s up over 10%. 
