Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Great, thanks, Al and good morning everyone. We had a good performance in the quarter and really are optimistic of our market position which is why we improved our outlook for the year. For the quarter, sales were 374 million or about 12% higher than last year this is the highest total to the first quarter of '09. Of this increase about half is organic with the rest coming from acquisitions that Al mentioned. Freight group sales which is I think a good sign for optimism. The sales were up about 40% more than half of that coming from organic growth. We also saw a growth in the after market due to increase in rail traffic and with more rolling stock coming out of storage. Transit group sales on the other hand were slightly lower than last year this is mainly due to the completion of the R160 order in New York which we discussed previously and for some other reason regarding state funding that Al mentioned. Returns and margins, we're continuously focused on driving margins higher with particular attention on the operating margin. For the quarter, operating margin was 13.3% versus 11% last year, on the other hand once you make an adjustment that we talked about for the comparative purposes to last year operating margin for 13.5% last year. So we're slightly down basically level. SG&A was slightly high in the year ago quarter -- I am sorry it's a little bit higher than the year ago quarter mainly due to the acquisitions of Unifin and Gorail the relative purchase price accounting for those units. There was a settlement of a product liability law suit for about a 1 million, 1.5 million which we included in this quarter and some what increased accruals inventive compensation based on a company's improved performance. On the interest line interest expense was a little higher due to higher debt levels compared to second quarter of '09. Other income was a little bit higher we always have to paper effects in other income sometime it’s a loss sometimes it's a gain. Typically its not material and this quarter was a gain. The effect of tax rate was about 33% it was higher than the second quarter last year which included the tax benefit of 9.7 million which we referred in the press release and earlier as well. In terms of working capital compared to March 31, receivables were about 275 million and this was up 27 million from the prior quarter. This was mostly due to the timing of progress payments related to long term transit contract, I'll be quite frank, I think we have some work to do in receivables and working capital in general and we expect to hopefully accomplish over next quarter and generate additional cash. Inventories were 239 million down 2 million, so in terms inventory levels making some progress. Payables were 124 million basically flat just up 2 million from the prior quarter. Cash at quarter end we had about 167 million in cash. This was down from a 179 million at the end of the prior quarter but we paid down about 12 million in debt. Cash generated from operations was about 17 million in the a quarter. In terms of debt, debt stood at 408 million at end of quarter compared to 419 million at the end of the prior quarter and I as mentioned we paid some down on term loan during the quarter. This still leaves us plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities for financing. Climate out there I think is generally favorable especially for us and we're not capital constrained at all. In terms of some another numbers that we technically give you during the call, depreciation was 6.6 million during the quarter versus 6.8 million last year. Amortization was 2.1 million this quarter but the same last year. CapEx modest level 3.4 million versus 5.3 million last year. That's one of the benefits of that type performance system we tend to be very right on CapEx. Turning to backlog, backlog was down slightly but it doesn't include recent MBTA order which Al mentioned which was about 140 million. After we sign the contract which we expect to I sign it up I think very shortly, that would put us back over 1 billion mark, right now we're 921 million. The rolling 12 month backlog compared to last quarter, just read out the numbers. The total -- this is the backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months. The total is 522 million versus 543 million in prior quarter, transit is 348 million versus 394 and freight is 174 million versus 149. So freights gone up by 25. In total the mutilate backlog this includes the 12 month backlog as well as what we expect to execute after the 12 month period, the totals now 921 million versus 938 million last quarter, but again once we sign MBTA that will put us back over -- up a $1 billion level. Transit is 665 versus 705 million in last quarter a modest decrease and freight is up 256 million to 233 million. And I think that pretty much concludes the numbers part of the discussion. With that I'll turn it back over to Al.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah. I think going forward we'll probably be somewhere around the 35 to 36 range probably somewhere in the middle phase. But somewhere around 35.5.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Year-over-year well that -- well might be more relevant, I don't know you tell me, Jim is actually run-rate from last quarter to this quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And I can tell that either. But I thought basically you guys probably needed -- excuse me, for modeling purposes. And I'd be happy to do it from either quarter. But from last quarter we were about 44.5, 44.6 in SG&A. Acquisitions added about 4 million to the SG&A line. 1 million of that was some expenses that one of our acquisitions used to re-class in cost of sales and actually under our account we put those under SG&A. But about 4 million of the increase is do to the acquisition on Gorail and Unifin. Incentive comp is up about 1.2 million we've been kind of under approving incentive comp a little bit, just pending results but now results you saw what the increased guidance look pretty solid and we increased the incentive comp like I said by about 1.2 million. And then we had a settlement of a law suit it was a product liability in one of our units that we thought was just more prudent settle. This was more of a one time item. But again there always -- that's why I always caution you with SG&A. There is always something in SG&A either a good guy or a bad guy and this quarter turned out to be a bad guy. And that was for about 1.5 million. It was law suit in Texas which is a plain of friendly state which we thought it was prudent to go ahead and settle. And I think if you add all that up you can see about 51 million that we had this quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: No. We've seen no reduced spending or activity in the transit area from the economic problems in few of the countries there.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I would say a large chunk of that is with in north America as long you include NAFTA a large chunk of that is within in NAFTA.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm sorry. Actually I could have made that clearer, I'm sorry. No, the 4 million includes the re-class.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm already to give out the first shot. I would say we're certainly in a better position to see what you're saying right now than we were a year ago. And I think the numbers are going to improve. The question is when rather than if, I think.
Al Neupaver: Thanks Alvaro. Once again we had a good performance in the second quarter and for the first half of the year and we are cautiously optimistic about the rest of 2010. Longer term we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities we see. We are really excited about our future growth opportunities. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and Wabtec performance system which gives us the tools we need to generate the cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced dedicated management team that is managed aggressively through the tough times and continues to drive progress on our growth initiatives. With that we'd be happy to answer your questions.
Al Neupaver: Let's talk in generality and then I'll answer your backlog question. I'll answer that first. There is very little PTC in the backlog. We do have some contract with Xorail from the signaling design and engineering standpoint. But actual hardware orders are not in the backlog. We do have development programs going on with each of the railroad. We're making great progress on the development of the PTC systems right now. That development would probably continue to probably later this year well into the third quarter at which we will go into the testing phase. At the completion of that testing phase then it will move into a product safety plan approval from FRA, the Federal Railroad Association. Some other things that are being worked out with the class one railroads or inner operate-ability, that is their ability to drive their trains on other peoples railroads and be able to communicate. And that work is also going on right now. So there is progress being made. However as far as our backlog is concerned there's not much backlog in there for that particular technology at this point.
Al Neupaver: The 250 to 500 does include Xorail. We figured that Xorail added about 50 million to 100 million to our faded opportunity in the past for the on-board computer. And that's always been in $200 million to $400 million range. I want to make sure you understand there's a lot of other expenditure that are going to be associated with positive train control some of which we have product and interest in trains to develop that is not included in those numbers. And if that program rolls out as the development of those product like on the dispatch system or trying to tie these systems together between the on-board computer and our capability in engineering design for the signaling side with Xorail that creates other opportunities for us.
Al Neupaver: Okay. I really can't comment on the trends of those margins, you can look at past performance and I could tell you that we're a -- the company was is very focused continues improvement and there's a lot of things that impact the margins quarter-to-quarter. But over the long run our goal is to continually improve and grow our margins which we've been successful in the past in doing. As far as new orders from the New York City systems, there is two contracts. One is already been granted to the car builder and that is smaller car number, I think its only like 26 or 28 cars with some options and that's called R 188, A larger car order, we're working on the design and that is called R179 that should follow shortly they are doing a lot of work right now on the specification. That would be a larger car order probably in the range of 100's of cars versus smaller R188.
Al Neupaver: We're not a 100% sure, but it defiantly is probably at least 12 months, if not a little bit longer all.
Al Neupaver: We continue to have a very active pipeline and continue to look for acquisitions. It's an important part of our growth strategy. Typically we have a corporate development team that -- what we try to do is have a seamless hand off from the execution of a contract and the acquisition. We hand it out to the integration team that has been part of diligent team. And that's usually our operating folks that take control as such. They are the once that are actually doing the integration and we got the corporate development team out there digging up more opportunities.
Al Neupaver: I think any time that volumes are down especially in the freight market there is some aggressiveness on everyone's part to try to get some volume back into their shops. So there is that pressure. However we have been very disciplined and we will continue to be disciplined. In the transit area you always have specially on contracts where close bid there is always been a pressure there try to obtain the order. So I don't think any things really changed in that arena at all. When you look at inflation and how we're handling what we are try to do is again have discipline with in the cooperation where we have agreements where there is a surcharge where there isn't a surcharge then we have to have the supply that needs to be guaranteed at a certain price. So we have always even while all the prices have been down on the raw material side we tried to continue to make sure our contracts were favorable from a standpoint of inflation and handling surcharges related to them.
Al Neupaver: Not at this point. I think the one commodity that probably is risen more than the others has been rubber. And I think that that's maybe driven by the automotive business. But that's kind of leveled off as of late.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. We continue to sale our components and we've actually had some small systems orders, a few systems in Europe. They give you some idea about the opportunity. Over the last 12 months we have bid on in excess of $300 million worth of business. And we didn't win any of the contracts, but not all of them has been let. There's still good portion of that where we're still competing that try to win some systems business. As I stated before and I state it again today, it's just going to take time. We'll break through that door.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. We've grown that business nicely over the last two years to where our sales in China are between $60 million and $70 million. And we expect that to grow with a great pace over the next couple of years. And we would anticipate we have more than a $100 million work of sales in only a few years. We think that there is a nice window of opportunities that we need to take advantage of. So we've been pushing hard, getting a place and the position we're in right now. We have a few more JVs that we're working on that would really broaden the product offering that we could make and position us better. It is a great market, it is growing rapidly. I think the time to really be in there is now because it is only a window of opportunities as far as we view it.
Al Neupaver: What is happening at the authorities obviously is, their budgets have been cut, they're cutting service and they're cutting ridership. As you cut ridership and service out there, it has an impact on the ware and tare of their systems. And there is a decline that's proportional to that. We also feel that because they are so tight on cash, they're being very careful with their inventories. So they run that down. Those are two things we'd have to see. We do not know, we had a good feeling for where their inventories are at, although we're seeing some -- a little bit of life there on the after market side from replenishing some inventory. But I can't say that's a trend right now. The ridership stabilizing and actually showing improvement is a positive thing for the after market in the transit area. So if -- however I have to caution you this doesn't solve big problem. The big problem is that government needs you to come up with a way of funding the transit system in this country. And -- but that needs to happen. And I think that a long term in with -- the transit people want to see is a long term build. It supports the transit funding with increased spending over that period. And I think once that's in place that would go a long way in getting transit to where it needs to be. As everyone knows, a transit is it's a politically correct market. It really solves a lot of the countries problem. If they can pull an industry that we are really feel good about it's long term potential. Not only in North America but around the world.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. I have to tell you Kristine, I have not followed that closely. So I really don’t know much about the impact.
Al Neupaver: Yeah it's hard to predict. I think the railroad like us want to be cautiously optimistic about the future and if they can continue to grow that volume and ton miles I think they will continue to take what they have parked back into use and would lead to OEM orders into the future. And I have heard the same discussions what you heard there are some talk about that. But I think they are going to very cautious I think they have done a great job improving the velocity and efficiency and they want to continue to do that.
Al Neupaver: I am going to give you the quick as these answers. We are being prudent and conservative because I don’t think any one feels that this economy is road buff and in order to freight market to continue the economy has to continue to reboundAnd in the transit side, as I said spoke to it, this whole funding issue needs to be resolved I think to lift the cloud from especially North America.
Al Neupaver: Nothing's overly concerned, although a ton mile being the plateau a little bit into the second quarter.
Al Neupaver: Well, again the railroads talk about spending between 5 billion and 10 billion on PTC. And if you look at that and you know what has been spend already, what you're going to see is that opportunity -- I think this year what CFS had close to 200 million budged, another railroad had a 170 million. Depending on the size of various numbers, those numbers add up to maybe $600 million to $800 million a year, $1 billion a year for the next four years. So their numbers have gone too far up. You're look at $3 billion to $5 billion maybe more. We can not -- we do not participate in that entire market and there is a lot of competitors out there in the various marketplace. We have not fully quantified that other opportunity. So there is opportunity, we'll get some share of it. But we have not quantified it at this point.
Al Neupaver: I can tell you that doubling it would be -- that would far fetch. But getting percentage of that in other areas is possibility. So I'm being very wage only because we haven't developed the product and those orders are not out there right now. And I don’t want to lead people on that it's going to be a major doubling of the 500 million type of thing until we have better visibility of those opportunities.
Al Neupaver: I think that depending on the product I think that would be allover the place. So in general we feel that we could at least be as good we're doing. And hopefully do a little better because we have sunk a lot of cost into this technology. And hopefully the future margins would be better so that we get the return on our investment.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. We haven't been playing in that market that long. But the study suggest that that's a pretty good profit it's running at.
Al Neupaver: We have -- we acquired a company by a name of Polly few years ago and that is out European platform, our cost is in euros. So we really don’t feel that there is a major issue there. Some of the technology in some of our products may come for the U.S. But a majority of the product would be laid at our European site.
Al Neupaver: I think you got to keep in mind that what the numbers that we're being able to deliver. The railcar build is still at the deliveries was 2900 back to the 12,000 car build rate for the year. I don’t know if we were over that low maybe back in the early 80's but I know when the kind trade I have been involved looked at 17,000 was low. I mean we're still at an awful low railcar build. And if you look at the locomotive build we talked about in the 400’s I mean just last year we were looking at 8 9 almost a thousand 700 last year so still have a very low basis the market place and there is a tremendous amount of expansion going to be available if this economy continues to rebound and the question. That’s what $60million question is will it continue to rebound.
Al Neupaver: I think the builds the next one or two quarter you have guessed railcar builds and locomotives builds is probably as good as anyone. And I mean we could really openly discuss what things consultants are saying and in next few quarter they do not see a major rebound.
Al Neupaver: I think the real change has been one from just a political standpoint, the correctness of transit. And I just heard here in Pennsylvania, Governor Rendell asked promoting, we need to find ways to fund our transit. We got to use more money in that mode of transportation. I think that we've really, we've got a major change in attitude toward transit and the project. And also the projects that are out there or the programs that are out there are old and they need upgraded and they need placed. So I think that it's a compelling story going forward. And I think that's what we're seeing. You have got all these rules related the funding and their budgets. Yet we are all planning for the future and trying to get high speed rail. Trying to upgrade the quality and safety of our transit systems we have. And I think that's what everyone wants to see in this country right now.
Al Neupaver: Right. Generally even when they scrap a route car its my understanding that they disassemble it and utilize as many of the good parts if they can now there is obviously parts that get thrown away and provide a -- opportunity to it that we also see the benefit of any part taken off that might need repaired or upgrade so there is a benefit for us when they do scrap a car it creative from both angles one it creates the opportunities that a new car could be built but two we probably get some of the work on the after mark on those products I think we will see is combination of both I mean you going to continue to see the part cars come down which your going to see is surely just cars specialize specific application cars maybe there wont be enough in a modal cars at a specific sight may not be enough covered hoppers may not be enough aluminum coal cars I think it is going to be they are going to come out of unique order for specified particular car. So we will see that during the OEM and non car parts go away what we get backlog the normal run rate which is probably 40,000 to 50,000. Now keep in mind I don’t think anyone knows what a normal number of parked cars is at least no one has able to answer that question to me and I think its all over to place I heard the lowest 15 I’ve heard highest is 250 I have no idea and I am not sure any one does because they never kept records before few years so its all good for us because the economy will recover will come back and as it comes back our after market is going to be good as long as the traffic in is upwards track today or higher.
Al Neupaver: I wish I knew the answer to that question. I've been trying to get it and it's really been something that's no one has really been able to get their hands around that. Maybe there is someone that understand that. But I'm not sure what that bottom number is and I'm not sure how many of these cars are cars that are never going to back. And so --
Al Neupaver: I can tell you Scott that there was a railcar panel was put together by an analyst and we had all the experts together. They couldn't answer that question.
Al Neupaver: I think that the class one railroads, first of all in a situation where they spend what 15% to 20% of their revenues in capital each year. And I feel that this technology like other investments that they are asked to make should, they should be helped with the funding. And I -- we think it would help commercialize technology and would help the class ones be a lot more healthy than they actually are, which they are healthy companies today. But when you have mandated technology that you have to implement I sympathize very much.
Al Neupaver: I think it's really the mix and I think the favorable performance in the freight side had a bigger impact.
Al Neupaver: We always have a mix of things in that line, Art as you can imagine. The predominant portion, that deadline can be negative, it can be positive. Obviously this quarter was positive. And most of that is due to paper FX, you have to recognize FX gains and losses based on inter-company accounts on other asset liability and P7L balances. And that was it was due. I think about 500 or 600 was due to the effects of large majority of that.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. Well first of all if you look at the programs that were approved, there is only a few of them that are actually going to go on dedicated lines. And yeah you're right, in Europe you have dedicated high speed line, it's electrified. And they are able to create that system. And that's exactly what they're going in China. But China is spending about $300 billion to do that. We've got about 8 billion has been funded for high speed rail. The two programs that are going to be dedicated as you talk is the one in Florida between Tampa and Orlando, and that's only about, I think it's an 84 mile track. And they're going to need quite a bit of money just to get that completed. The rest of the projects really are going to be shared between the freight and the transit programs. There is some expansion in the northeast, that's the only other exception. So -- and to answer your question, are we working on anything that would help those two work together. And that's truly what PTC is about. And if you remember the Genesis of the mandate was that a transit line that can use the railroad was running on a freight line and ran into a freight locomotive. So yeah, we're working hard on that. And what you're going to see is an upgrade of some of the freight lines. So they could take faster trains. But you're not talking about the 300 mile and a 200 mile track. You're talking about lines on 80 mile an hour to maybe 95 or a 110. And that will allow the freight lines which almost upgrade those and we hope to participate in some of that development.
