Al Neupaver: Thanks, Pat. Thanks, Ray. Once again, we had a good performance in the third quarter. As we look at the rest of the year, we do see ongoing challenges in the global markets, but based on our third quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, we affirm our EPS guidance of about $4.10 on revenue growth of about 9%. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. We continue to benefit from our strong team of employees and management, a diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With that, we will be happy to answer questions.
Al Neupaver: Okay, Scott, let me kind of take this. Obviously, we can’t comment on 2016, because we will do that early next year, but I think what we can comment further on as what Ray presented, market conditions. I think if we group market conditions in two areas, one headwinds, the other one, tailwinds, obviously, and we stated this last quarter and I think it’s obvious from the railcar order intake that the railcar build is probably peaked. And how it will play out, I think is – I don’t think that the past is necessarily a good indicator here. I think we are in a little different situation. What’s caused the peak to happen and the condition of the economy right now, I think that in past times, most of the low points in the car build was driven by the economy. Our economy seems strong. You look at the car loadings, with more than half of their categories up and coal being the negative drag. You also have the place of oil that impacts that. So if you look forward from a car build – railcar build standpoint, I think that there is some concern, but I am not sure that there is a cliff that it’s going to fall off like it’s done in past cycles. So I wouldn’t say we are optimistic about car build, but I think that it’s something that we have to watch and be ready to react as we see it playing out. I have seen estimates all over the place and what ‘16 would look like, but right now it’s a little early for us to give that number, but if you look at other headwinds and in the freight market, I think that one other things we had was we actually had a reduction in the locomotive build from ‘14 to ‘15. We think that there maybe some continued reduction only because of the Tier 4 locomotives that were purchased at least on order maybe not delivered. But we don’t see a drastic change in the freight locomotive areas, especially in North America. And globally, we think there is major opportunities in the locomotive freight area. So I think that from a freight standpoint, we see those concerns. What are some of the tailwinds in freight? Well, obviously it has a lot to do with us, what our growth strategies are. If you look at our growth strategies, number one is the strategy is to further extend our business. And as we do, although some of those freight marks especially in the mining countries have been impacted by the demand out of China. We still grow our market share and have opportunity to new countries. So that’s a positive. The other positive here is our technology. Products that we have, Ray talked about PTC and our revenue in that particular area. And we expect that to continue to grow as we go forward. ECP really hasn’t impacted the resolution of that mandate still creates an opportunity if the appeal is not one. You look at our opportunity on some of the other technology related to things that Ray mentioned, the Tier 4 locomotives technology as well. We have expanded our aftermarket offerings in freight in the locomotive services area. So I can’t say that the future is grayed out there. There are some headwinds, but I think our by executing our strategies as we have in the past, I think that we are pretty excited about the future. As a matter of fact, I won’t comment about all the markets, but Ray and his team just presented the Board, their strategic plans for the next 5 years. And I must tell you, we are more excited about the next 5 years than we were about the last 5. We have tremendous opportunities for growth on the long-term and that’s what we focus on. That was a long-winded question Scott, but we are pretty excited about the future.
Al Neupaver: Again, we can’t give 2016 guidance, but what we can do is provide a little bit of color. Only part of our PTC revenue is related to onboard computers. And I think that we have shared in the past and I don’t think the percentage of locomotives that are completed is anything new, but I think it’s like 39% are PTC ready right now out of 20,000. But our revenues come from more than just the onboard and that’s typically what would be impacted. At the same time, when we talk about how we feel this is a business opportunity around technology for the railroads, how do we create enhancement to capabilities, the aftermarket, the service portion of the business creates an opportunity for us. We have global opportunities and global projects that we are working on. The transit authorities, probably only about a third, the authorities are really in the revenue area for us right now. We still have to work with each of those. We have expanded our offerings by doing more on the construction and maintenance awaiting area for PTC. So it’s a delay. Would it slow down, I don’t know. The railroads have – I think have worked intensely and extremely hard to get this thing done by the deadline. And they will continue to work hard to complete it, but if it’s extended 1 year, 2 years, 3 years and we obviously have to support that effort. As Ray said, we are ready to support it and anything that we can do to help them meet this deadline, next deadline or whatever it is, we are ready to do that.
Al Neupaver: Okay. Again, we can’t give you the exact timing. As I stated, we are in the process. We have got the first two stages done. And the definitive agreement signing is a major step forward. What’s basically left is going through the regulatory requirements that we have. We still are working with the European regulators, as well as the Department of Justice. Those activities, we will know more in probably another month or so. We are working very hard to complete it. We do not anticipate any issue whatsoever. However, we can’t give you or provide you with an exact timing, because we have no control over it. As far as the opportunity, as I stated in my remarks, we think it’s at acquisition at the end of the day, it just makes ultimate sense. You are combining two companies that used to exist to complement each other in almost any aspect. And the opportunities that we have stated thus far at EUR40 million, those are opportunities we – if we didn’t think we can get them readily, we wouldn’t state that number.
Al Neupaver: Yes. I could honestly say, I feel that we are in better position today than we were going into 2009. The diversity of the company, the capabilities, the processors that have been put in place, I really feel that the company is better prepared if there was a recessionary period that we would be faced with.
Al Neupaver: One of the things I think worth stating, if you look at the – keep in mind, we only give annual guidance. And our third quarter is typically our weakest quarter and the fourth quarter is usually our best quarter. And when Ray made the comment about record backlog, one other things that in the quarter that we saw was there was a lot of delays on transit projects that we just don’t have a control over. You know these are usually large projects that sometimes gets extended and that’s why we talk about the lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter. So, I just want to make that point that there is we can’t say all those delays won’t extend into next year, but we do know that there is project delays on projects that will happen and occur, they are just delayed at this point and part of our backlog.
Al Neupaver: Yes, it’s basically insignificant. No more than I think $40 million, $50 million total is associated with railcar.
Al Neupaver: On the railcar, we talked about the OEM portion which is normally impacted by this is less than 10% and it really would not move the needle in that area. And I think it’s probably about the same on locomotives.
Al Neupaver: I think it’s directly correlated to rail volume, the aftermarket. And we tracked that through the last downturn almost proportionally.
Al Neupaver: I think the only thing we would say is remember, we do have business that’s related to energy and oil. So, 15% of our business is outside of rail and I think it’s less than 5% of that is associated with energy and oil. So, I think that’s another one of those headlines. Since the question was directed toward the freight car, that’s why I didn’t include that, but that would be the other headwind and actually to expand on that, we mentioned China, we mentioned energy and oil, but FX which it exists, but it’s a translation issue that will disappear end of the first quarter when we look at it quarter-to-quarter comparison, because everything fell early last year.
Al Neupaver: FX in the fourth quarter is estimated at – it’s $35 million, which it will be over $150 million for the year. And we are not using – FX is a fact of life. It’s also a fact of life, if you really adjust for it. The performance of Wabtec in these last 12 months, even in the quarter when you adjust for it, it’s one heck of a performance to overcome that kind of headwind in the performance. So, you take it away and you look at all of Wabtec in a year like this and we are talking about growth of over 17% in revenue when you adjust for FX. And that’s a volume increase. And I think the reason why we mentioned it is that’s the real number at the end of the day. It was one heck of a performance.
Al Neupaver: Yes, freight was almost 75% of it and just a little bit internationally, because we are winding down on the MRS project right now.
Al Neupaver: But continued focus, all of our cost initiatives, the lean manufacturing, again we start ratcheting up on all of our approaches related to sourcing, cost of poor quality, lean application. Those are things that are discontinuous. And how many times we have been asked, what’s your goal? Our goal is to continuously improve and that improvement I think we stay totally focused on. And those are parts of why you see the number where it’s at. But we also have to be realistic and honest with you that when you start doing more freight and transit, the mix was favorable for us. And we have a better margin in North America than we do internationally and those – both of those trends helped.
Al Neupaver: China is an interesting market, Tom. We could spend a lot of time talking about China. China high-speed rail is down. Their market is probably in a recession of sorts for them. We have picked up our business in braking [ph] transit business and what the Fandstan acquisition we have picked up a fairly substantial amount of business. So we have an operation in Hong Kong, one in Tianjian associated with Fandstan. Both of our businesses are performing above expectations. So it’s a mixed in China. On the freight side, there is no new car builds, zero. And they hasn’t been for 2 years. So it’s a very mixed market. But again, because of our diversification and our product mix over there, we are able to at least maintain reasonably strong balance.
Al Neupaver: I think we are going to have a good fourth quarter Jason, because some of these delays and again, this is fairly typical in the transit market. Some of these delays are basically month-to-month. So we will be able to deliver our product and recognize revenue for some other things that should have been able to be recognized in Q3. And we have a very strong aftermarket position in transit that is always better in Q4 than Q3. Q3 in general is a slow month for everyone.
Al Neupaver: That’s obviously what we are going to work toward. We are not allowed to sit down and have detailed discussions with the Faiveley folks until we get through this antitrust. So, we don’t have those kind of detailed plans available yet. We can develop them when we sit down with the executive team in Faiveley, we will be able to do that fairly quickly as soon as we are given the go ahead.
Al Neupaver: I think that if you look at the backlog traditionally, our freight backlog mostly flows out in the short period of time. Almost half of the backlog flows out in 12 months where it’s totally different than the transit market. As Ray said that there is delay in some of the projects we already have in the backlog, but there has also been delays in some of the projects awards. And I think that you kind of view it from a transit and freight standpoint and I think what he has tried to also emphasize is the fact that this is why we have a diverse business and we just we want to make sure everyone to remind it about that. We are not just a supplier to one particular area and we know the brutal fact is that some of our businesses are cyclical. There are wide swings top to bottom and we have built a business model that will help sustain our growth and earnings per share growth through that business cycle in double-digits level. So, I think you’ve got to take those into effect when you look at the backlog.
Al Neupaver: Yes, go ahead. So, the M&A pipeline is good. It hasn’t stopped any activity, the Faiveley acquisition from any of our other ongoing activity in terms of evaluating good candidates and pursuing good candidates. We do that in strategic ways. Also, Cleo look at this track IQ focused. Our focus is on technology areas, it’s on high growth opportunities. This is a technology area that complements our electronics area. It complements our overall signaling infrastructure, electronics network capability. It’s a worldwide – it’s a product that can be applied worldwide and can be integrated into a much higher value-added system and applied to support our customers, especially in the area of safety, but also in the area of productivity and efficiency. So, it’s a perfect strategic fit. It’s small $15 million. We obviously have a chance to grow it because of our footprint and our presence. And if you look at them, if I turn to Faiveley now and just talk about that, when Faiveley comes on board, we are going to have 5,000 more people with ideas about acquisitions and new opportunities. So our M&A focus is just going to increase. I have said before, our biggest difficulty is to be able to prioritize and select the right acquisition candidates to pursue, because we can’t pursue them all.
Al Neupaver: We don’t have visibility into their backlog at this point. I think reading the financial reports and the analysts, we think that they really are – they have been able to be successful in a lot of those international markets. And keep in mind, we are complimentary. Most of the products and projects they have are projects and programs that we would not be involved in. That’s the real value of this opportunity.
Al Neupaver: But we said that we don’t anticipate a repeat of 2008, 2009. We do think that it’s going to be a dramatic drop, but it will be a drop.
Al Neupaver: Yes. I didn’t do the math. It can easily be done and maybe you could follow-up Tim and actually do the math. I would think that, that margin improvement quarter-on-quarter what is 17.1 to 18.8. If you look at the mix change quarter-to-quarter, off the top of my head, I would say yes, 30%, 40% of it is related to mix. And I think the balance is actually activities but...
Al Neupaver: Okay. A couple of questions here, first of all yes, this was globally what will happen with our train control business. And internationally, is all driven by productivity and the advantages that these type of train control systems offer. From a margin standpoint, it’s project to project dependent and it’s hard to label whether it will be more or less profitable. I think at some cases, it’s similar, in other cases, maybe less.
Al Neupaver: We do [indiscernible] now let’s tell you. We always have projects we are working on and it’s a little different arena when you get out of the U.S. but we do have projects we have a line or site up.
Ray Betler: And the other thing is, Justin our backlog is at our record high. So it’s not like we don’t have business. We have good opportunities outside pretty diverse product mix, much more than we had back then. And certainly, our focus on cost containment and process improvement has – is very disciplined and it’s very intense.
Ray Betler: So, Matt, the ECP in terms of cost, we have said it’s about $4,000 to $6,000 a car if ECP were included. So, it’s relatively small part of the incremental cost to comply with the regulation that’s been passed. So, there has been reports that have been published, studies that have been published in the market that it drafts all the recommendations, the safety enhancements. And as you know, there has been court cases filed and that’s the reason for the delay in processing the ECP and freight and tank car regulations. So, we basically are in a position to support implementation of the ECP technology. We have ECP technology applied around the world, but it’s going to depend on how these court cases ultimately are resolved and that process takes a long time as you know.
Ray Betler: Yes, we certainly have the capability to do that in the freight car builder is so sensitive to that. So, they have provisioned for that, but they are not running ECP for their....
Ray Betler: Yes, there is a whole host of reasons for that, Allison. Productivity is one, mix in terms of aftermarket business mix in terms of freight business. All those benefited to allow a strong quarter in the EBIT area.
Ray Betler: Well, I think as far as freight car build – the orders have started to reduce pretty significantly. 7,000 were ordered this last quarter, so you are still seeing a reduction in the backlog associated with the reduction in new orders. Allison, we would hit those 123,000 right now in the backlog, it was around 142,000. And that’s probably going to continue, but there is enough backlog to take you out into 2017. And while we won’t give that number until we give guidance in 2016, we still think it’s going to be pretty substantial. As Al said, we don’t anticipate a dramatic reduction in new freight car builds next year.
Ray Betler: It’s pretty normal on the transit side for big vehicle projects to be delayed. And whereas some suppliers – our schedule is pretty much dictated and controlled by the car builders. So basically, this is fortunately or unfortunately not an unusual occurrence in the transit industry. So we have several large projects that we are implementing right now. And most of those projects are experiencing some degree of delay. For that matter, we have several pretty significant orders that we bid on that have also been delayed in the market. So, some of those were as much as 2 years. So there is plenty of business out there. There is plenty of new business opportunities out there. But both parts of that market have seen delays.
Ray Betler: I think, Tom, a couple of weaker markets, Australia right now is very weak. And Brazil has come down. Brazil and Australia are impacted by China. That’s really the biggest issue for them, mining and commodities and things like that. The strong markets are frankly in this transit side. There is still a lot of transit business around the world. We told you that we have this pretty significant order in South Africa and there is a lot of business you will be in – left over in Europe. It’s always a big market. North America is obviously a strong market. It’s not falling apart over here, it’s gone down. But it’s still a very strong market in North America.
Ray Betler: The one thing you might explain as an example of what we can’t do is talk about Fandstan opportunity and what we have been able to do there as far as margin and our improvement in services. So, Jason, when we acquired Fandstan, their margins were lower than our transit business by a few points and we said that we were going to acquire them, we were going to bring them into our business, apply the WPS methodologies and we were going to try to get to the transit margins as quickly as possible and we anticipated that would take a couple of years. We just as Al said just finished our board meeting and reported to the board that we basically have the Fandstan business at our transit margins already after the first year. So, again, I think hopefully people appreciate is that we have a very discipline intense methodology and when we applied the methodology with the management expertise and focus that exist in our company, it’s pretty effective and I think the Fandstan story is the demonstration of that. We will obviously work hard with the Faiveley folks. They have a really good – we have seen their strategy, their strategic plan, their goal is to basically accomplish the same kind of property improvement objectives that we have. So, when we pride the WPS methodology to that, I think we are going to see pretty effective and rapid improvement.
Ray Betler: Yes. Cleo, as far as concerns that wasn’t the tone at the discussion at the board meeting, I can tell you that. We were talking about 5-year long-term plans, medium to long-term business objectives. But we started, so you know, we started the strategic presentation by comparing the last 5-year performance to our strategic plan that we presented 5 years ago. We are 50% above what we anticipated in our strategic plan 5 years ago. So, the excitement is that we believe we can perform to the strategic objectives we have put in front of our board and/or better. So, those strategic objectives as we have always communicated, is for double-digit growth through the business cycle. So, we don’t see any reason why we can continue to grow this corporation. We have market share opportunities in our existing markets. We have new markets that we haven’t even passed. We have acquisition candidates when we – by the way, our straps did not include Faiveley. So, we did not superimpose Faiveley’s numbers over ours. When you do that, the story is even better. So, if you look at our diversification, you look at our technical capability and innovation opportunities, the growth opportunities in Wabtec are honestly, they are endless. So, are there short-term concerns about the market here? Yes, we would like China’s economy to pick back up. We would like the commodities market to pick back up. We would like the oil to start flowing again. We would like to see coal on the railroads and maybe some of that will come with the new administration, who knows, but that’s all short-term issues that we are going to manage through.
Pat Dugan: We don’t have that really detailed yet. But as I said earlier that if these are – if we didn’t think we could readily get these kind of synergies, we sure wouldn’t put it out on paper.
Pat Dugan: With the other. So, it’s 7.3 and 8.29, so a $4 million of impact on your operating margin. Yes, your operating profits and so you can do a math in the margin there.
Pat Dugan: So just one comment that’s been in the press. So we obviously, aren’t involved in anyway in their operational business and we don’t have insight into their numbers and revenue stream, but one project in particular that’s been in the papers, Toronto [ph]. So if you go and research that project, it’s been delayed significantly and they are the supplier for several of our major subsystems. So they deal with the same issues as we deal within their business, yet they have record orders year in terms of new orders entry this year and record backlog on their side. So yes, this is common. Unfortunately, it’s common in the trends of the business, the ups and downs and some projects are delayed longer than others is one of them, in particular is to run all of these.
Pat Dugan: No. We think that – what we said is that we think that the deliveries and orders have peaked – backlogs peaked.
Pat Dugan: I think probably, we can do the math and we can give you a more definitive answer. But I agree with Al, I think its additional margin coming out of the aftermarket additional margin coming out of freight versus transit.
