Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Thanks Al and good morning everyone, sales for the quarter were $364 million while this was 4% lower than last year, it was the highest level since then. A sign that we've hit bottom and are starting to bounce back. Going by segments, transit group sales were about the same as last year. Freight group sales were down about 8%; this was mainly due to lower OEM deliveries of locomotive and freight cars in North America. However, the benefits of our business models evidenced by the fact that rail car deliveries were off more than 65% which is obviously much greater than the 8% sales decrease in the freight segment. Moving down the income statement, we continue to be focused on improving margins with particular tension on the operating margin. Gross margin improved by 150 basis points showing the benefits of restructuring and the operating margin was still strong at 14.1% even though we had lower sales than last year when it was 14.7%. SG&A was higher than the year ago quarter but this was mainly due to acquisitions of units in Xorail and their related purchase price accounting. As we have discussed before when you make an acquisition it's typically in the first year you have to take certain charges for the value of the profits inherent their inventory and backlog and that can lead to some charges in the first year. Also when you compare it to the first quarter last year we had an asset sale in the first quarter which produced a gain of about $2 million and that reduced SG&A. The margin performance we believe reflects the good work of our operations to reduce cost as well as general cost reductions overall in the company. Interest expense was lower due to borrowing at lower interest rates in the first quarter last year. Borrowing amounts were relatively stable as we go forward. And the other expense was slightly higher due mainly to a paper foreign exchange loss due to the inter-company balances and the translation of those company balances. The effective tax rate was relatively stable and just under 35%. This is a little bit lower than the first quarter of '09 due to higher percentage of non-US sales and lower tax rates abroad. Just to run through a few numbers, we typically always announce for your benefit. In terms of working capital receivables were $248 million, inventories were $241 million, payables were 122 million. Obviously for us cash generation is a significant component of our overall strategy and we continue to work to drive working capital down. At the end of the quarter we had cash of $179 million. This was mostly in our foreign units. Cash from operations was about 12 million in the quarter. Debt at the end of quarter was $419 million; this was up a little bit from December 31 due to the acquisition of Xorail. The balance at the end of December 31 was $392 million. We do still have plenty of capacity for investing in growth opportunities. Our debt net of cash is about one times EBITDA and we have substantial flexibility in our balance sheet. So the picture looks good there. A few other miscellaneous items, depreciation for the quarter was $6.5 million versus $7 million last year. Amort was $1.9 million versus $2.3 million last year and CapEx very stable in spite of the increased size were about $3.6 million versus $3.4 million last year. In terms of backlog, as Al mentioned, the backlog is holding steady at about $940 million. The backlog that we expect to execute over the next 12 months in total is $543 million versus $552 million in the prior quarter. Freight constitutes a $149 million of that $543 million and transit constitutes $394 million of that $543 million. The multiyear backlog is the total backlog what we expect to execute over the next twelve months as well as after that is $938 million. Freight is $233 million of that total and transit is $705 million of that total. And with that I'll turn it over back to Al and his closing comments.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah I think in terms for modeling purposes you can use that number Steve. There's always a few moving parts in SG&A and as you well know by now, you know we don't like to report a lot of exceptions and a lot of exclusions, we just like to go with the GAAP numbers and they are what they are and there's always a few moving parts but I think in general for ongoing purposes you can use what we have in the first quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Okay I'll take the second one first. What we are seeing with regard to metal prices I think is very similar to what other people are experiencing which is that you are having increased demand by other countries primarily China, India and that's driving prices back up. The one thing we did learn and we left in affect is during the last metals increase is our surcharge mechanism and nobody likes the rising prices but we do think we do have a mechanism in place to minimize the damage. What you will always see from that is we don't mark up our surcharge so obviously what I have heard of the price increase is but we pass through so it has some slight effect on margin, you get an increased revenue and increased costs (inaudible) each other out. But we are seeing increasing metals prices but right now we think we are dealing with it okay. With respect to margins in the backlog that's kind of I would say in general they tend to be at company averages. A lot of the backlog is for OE rather than aftermarket work. So they would be may be on average slightly lower but in general if you try to model something out I would do it with respect to the averages for each business segment.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: It depends, sometimes the industries are right on top of it and sometimes there can be a delay. Sometimes we are pretty effective at resisting the price increases on our end from our own suppliers so I would say in general there may be a little bit of a lag but not (inaudible).
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah the one for Xorail what we again call purchase price accounting which is not the continuing accounting charge from the step up in assets but the one we expect to amortize over the year. During the quarter it was about 300,000. After there was a meaningful…
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See basically if you try to model what I would do is I would model Xorail and Unifin and basically the freight margins, you are going to get some step up on both, what happens is they have to go through an appraisal process. The appraisals have to be approved and right now it's just an estimate but if you try to model it I would just model the sales that we mentioned previously and take at it at those margins. Anything we say right now would just be a very preliminary estimate, it would be very rough.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And see what happens a while with these transit contracts Paul is we try and lock in our pricing ahead of time. In other words these transit contracts can take a number of years to execute and one of the things we try and do is protect ourselves against price increases and price decreases so we tend to lock it in. Lock in the prices from supplier so if raw material prices go down may be the supplier benefits, but if the price goes up its not to our detriment and we prefer that security rather than trying to estimate what prices may do. We don't do that much on transit contract. Hopefully our goal is that you don't see too much one way or the other.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Yeah it was about, let me I want to say 700, it's about 799 to 800 and debt to cap is about 34. And that was very steady. We had the 34% was the same at the year end balance sheet as well.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Alvaro. Once again we had a good performance in the first quarter. Our transit business is holding at a high level, freight traffic is rebound to the point where its only off about 6% to 8% from the peak levels in 2008. This is driving the improvement in our freight after market businesses. Except for our locomotive and freight car OEM markets, other segments of our diverse business model are quite positive. I am very proud of our Wabtec team and how that team managed aggressively and proactively through the downturn; with the Wabtec performance system providing an established culture of remanufacturing and continuous improvement. We are well positioned to take advantage of the improving market conditions. With that, we'll be more than happy to answer your questions. Thank you.
Al Neupaver: I believe we've seen some of those already Art, we saw our after markets drop off in two of the business areas not significant but enough to be noticed. And what you find is that they are probably working off their inventory and I think that as these transit authorities get under further pressure, they may even defer some of the activities that can be deferred. But in total you are not going to see a major impact because when it comes to the after market you have to really take care of the equipment and they don't have a lot of choice. But working off the inventory obviously it's the first action that they take.
Al Neupaver: Yeah the opportunities that I mentioned are ones that have been quoted or are in the quoting or the bidding phase. And some of the deliveries on these projects would be late 2010 in to 2011. And they could run out to 2017.
Al Neupaver: We are obviously excited about our opportunities and the improvement in the marketplace. If you look at our opportunities on a global basis we've had the global markets that rebounded nicely. We are small player or small share in large markets in both Asia as well as Europe. If we look at our new products and our technology, we are excited about those opportunities. We are actually starting to see improvement as we have stated in the after market. So we got all that great things to be optimistic about, but yet we think its prudent to be conservative at this point for a number of reasons: one, this is not a sustained recovery, we hope it is. And secondly, the number of parked cars whether it'd be locomotives or rail cars and we the expected deliveries of both of those are almost half of what they were the year before. So you've got some really great things ahead of you but we have not seen the rail car or the locomotive build show any signs of returning necessarily in the next 12 months.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we're seeing defiantly we have an opportunity as they bring the cars back out, especially the rail cars and we are seeing that but we really and I took a real good look at the ton miles which we like to compare to our aftermarket business and boy its tracking pretty close to ton miles right now and so I cant quantify that extra pop although we've really went out and we've closed our service centers and yeah that's some of the products that come in there, but we're tracking pretty close those ton miles and we've really bottomed out in the second quarter of '09, we saw the incremental improvements from [268] up to 31 and that's the kind of business improvement that we've seen that those businesses are directly related to that. So, I cant quantify that pop or whether its maybe coming but right now, is falling ton miles.
Al Neupaver: Our original guidance expected, it was 3% to 5% recovery if I remember correctly and I am getting some nodding heads that agree with me.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we had about $13 million. We had an improvement of about $13 million from acquisitions and $11.5 of unit sales and only $2 million of revenues was from Xorail.
Al Neupaver: If you look at the balance between freight and transit what you have if you compare the first quarter of last year our range is actually down by about 8% from first quarter last year and we held steady in transit. Now what that was is this year we are 45% freight and 55% transit in last year first quarter was 47% freight, 52% transit. But if you look at the fourth quarter and that's probably a little more telling because what you had is transit was down about 6% fourth quarter to first quarter and freight was up 12%. And that split was 60-40 and right now we are 45-55. I would think if transit could hold steady at the high level and freight comes back I think traditionally we will probably get back to a ratio more like the 60-40 freights in transit. And then on our ability to grow transit on the international basis and that's what drove the lot, we had a 55% of our transit business, was international in the quarter.
Al Neupaver: Well I couldn't even take a stab at that because I would hope that they both grow but I think it really limits us is probably an inflection point as probably somewhere around the real car build when the locomotive build takes off.
Al Neupaver: Yeah it's pretty hard to estimate what it is but I'll tell you as you know we are situated here next to the rail track and we've seen some rail cars go by here. I don't even know if they are worthy to be put back in service. So I don't know if they are going for the scrap yard possibly but I think there's an opportunity there Kristine, its pretty hard to quantify and I really wouldn't expect 1.5 times of impact, I think it would possibly be less than that.
Al Neupaver: That's a great question Kristine because we've been very focused on only bringing back a variable direct employees that are necessary to meet the customer demand and we still have a pretty rigid request approval arrangements that we are adding what we would consider salaried individuals. We've selectively added a few plan but the only additional manning that we've really have had is through the acquisition arena. There has been no significant hiring and we will support the hiring as the businesses can support it.
Al Neupaver: Okay let's start with Brazil. The Brazil startup has gone extremely well. We are starting to actually offer more products. We have a plan that not only do the aftermarket business but also take some other of our products down there, manufacture and selling for that markets and its exceeded our expectations up to this point. Now China the market is very strong there, we have situated ourselves in I think in improving basis. We have two freight JVs that are in operation and we have one transit JV that's in operation. We expect to see this year $60 to $70 million of revenue and that has grown double digits for the last few years and we'll continue to grow double digit over the next couple of years without any problem at all and we are working on a few other JVs right now.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we were obviously involved in with the class one as they made the proposals as far as the review by the FRA, we are in no position to have any information and I am not sure that any feedback has been given up to this point but we don't anticipate that being an issue. I think that everyone is being aggressive and has laid out some good plans for the implementation of PTC.
Al Neupaver: As you know we've been commercialized on the BNSF for almost three four years now and without any issues and we have pilots running without issues on the UP and our development program with all the other rail roads is moving along and no major issues that we are seeing at this point. A lot to be done though. There's a lot of work to be done but there's no issues that we are aware of at this point.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we really don't comment about our strategy related to acquisitions although we do have an active pipeline of opportunities that will continue to determine if it's a good strategic fit and meets with our financial criteria.
Al Neupaver: Again I don't think its appropriate to talk about our strategy related to acquisitions so any acquisition that makes strategic sense, as you know its our priority is related to you know we generated good cash a $150 million plus over the last three four years and our priorities really number 1 is to grow internally. Number 2 is acquisitions and so we have a keen eye for good acquisitions whatever they may be.
Al Neupaver: Yeah we continue to make good progress on component sales and a few small system sales and qualification. So it's going to take time as we said it could be a few years before we really reap the benefits of our activity there.
Al Neupaver: I think that there could be some inventory restocking of business, it picks back up because obviously that amount that you have on the shelf is directly related to the 10 miles that you are using and there is a build I don't know whether or not they did do that build.
Al Neupaver: I don't think there was much increase in the transit area. Where we did see some margin improvement was really in the freight.
Al Neupaver: Yeah I think it must have hit the press just yesterday and I did read it, it talked about the total budget was like $26 billion and they talked about cutting it by $2 billion and talked about various projects and that's part of the issue as you see these municipalities running into operating budget issues. The one thing they said that I like to see was the fact that they are going to focus on longer term how do they save money through their capital spend through efficiency safety and productivity and that's really what we are all about so I mean that's just positive although that's the kind of thing you are going to see at the states and local municipalities figure out how they are going to deal with running these transit authorities.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: One is in the fourth quarter last year, what was the aftermarket percentage? I know you said it was 60% this quarter.
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay, then this is just kind of a housekeeping question. What was the purchase accounting charges, I don't know if you said how much that was in the quarter in SG&A or for (inaudible).
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Yes, (inaudible) so much for this year, what the ongoing expense you are going to have there kind of thinking like 2011 for this acquisition as well as anything else (inaudible).
Paul Bodnar - Longbow Research: Okay, just basically the past certainly. And then the last question, I guess you know I think this week or later this week, or last week I am sorry, some MTAs you are kind of revisiting their capital budget. They looked at making some cuts and adjustments to how they spend on new cars and refurbished cars. I mean any kind of further information you guys have on that that we don't that…
