Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. As you know, 2016 was a very challenging year for Wabtec due to the recession in the freight rail market and sluggish conditions in many other industrial markets. In this environment, we are focused on controlling what we can and on investing in growth opportunities. With that in mind, 2016 was also a year of tremendous accomplishments for Wabtec. I think we'll look back on it as the year that we took steps to position our company for a new era of growth and performance. So let's talk about those accomplishments. Financially, although we did not meet all of our 2016 targets, we did compile some of the best results in our history and generated significantly more cash from operations than net income. Operationally, we reacted aggressively to our challenges by cutting cost. Strategically, we acquired majority ownership of Faiveley Transport, which has strengthened our diversified business model, expanded our global footprint, and added new products and technologies to our portfolio. Before I turn it over to Ray, I'd like to say a few words about the integration of Faiveley and what it means to our company. As most of you know, we have been interested in acquiring Faiveley for many years, and we were finally able to come to an agreement in mid-2015. Throughout 2016, we spent countless hours dealing with regulators in the U.S. and Europe, and we received the necessarily approvals to move forward in the fourth quarter. On December 1, just 12 weeks ago, we announced the purchase of Faiveley's family stake. And in late December, we began a tender offer for the remaining public shares. That process is ongoing, and we hope to achieve our goal of at least 95% ownership in the first quarter of this year. There is no doubt that Faiveley represents the most strategic acquisition we've made to date, and we're very excited about the growth opportunities we can pursue together. Faiveley's strong position in the global transit market provides increased diversity of our revenue base across markets, across product lines, across geographies to offset the cyclicality of the U.S. and global freight markets. The company has a particularly strong platform of product and service capabilities in Europe and Asia-Pacific, both of which are much larger markets than the U.S. Thanks in part to its geographic diversity, Faiveley generated organic sales growth of about 5% in 2016. Faiveley strengthens our innovation and technology initiatives and brings products that Wabtec has not been able to offer such as high-speed brake for door and door systems and HVAC equipment. The company also brings a strong and experienced management team to complement our existing organization. Over half of Faiveley's revenues are project-based and backlog-driven, which provides long-term stability and visibility. And finally, we believe the combination of Wabtec and Faiveley will result in significant synergies to drive our growth synergies and cost improvements. We estimate synergies of about $15 million to $20 million in 2017, and we expect long-term annual synergies of at least $50 million to be achieved by year three through revenue growth, supply chain efficiencies, operational excellence and cost savings, and by leveraging our engineering and administrative capabilities. Here are just a few examples of synergies we're working on. Sourcing, combined we have spend of more than $2 billion annually, which gives us leverage with suppliers. By optimizing our product portfolio and new product development, where we offer similar products, we will select the best that each company has to offer in each geographic market and we'll eliminate redundant product development costs. From an internal supply standpoint, Wabtec currently manufactures some products such as rubber and castings that Faiveley purchased from outside suppliers. Now they will be buying from Wabtec. Facility consolidations, there are numerous opportunities for manufacturing and office consolidations. For example, Faiveley's existing Indian plant will be used to meet localization requirements for contracts that Wabtec has won, which means we do not have to invest in a new plant there, a savings of more than $5 million in capital. In all, we're tracking more than 100 synergy projects and seeing positive interaction and cultural integration among the teams. So once again, just 12 weeks into the integration process, we're pleased with the progress so far and excited with the long-term opportunities and benefits we expect to achieve. I'd like to now turn over the presentation to Ray.
Albert J. Neupaver: I might add that the one thing that you might ask, you look at December and we had a pretty good view. I just want to point out that because of the antitrust reasons, we really did not have a good view of the Faiveley business and how it would roll out during 2017. We assumed a lot about an equal business across, but the way they did a lot of completion on some projects in the fourth quarter, and our Faiveley business will really start out slow during the beginning of the year, and these projects will start kicking in as the year goes on. And they're in the backlog, they're planned, and a lot of these projects you do percentage completion type accounting, so we have good visibility on this. This is not like our Freight business, which is a component business that you have much better equalized sales, but you don't have the visibility as much as we do, and that's really the strength of this diversified business model and the strength of the Faiveley acquisition. And as Pat points out, these synergies, they will build up as the year does and that's one of the reasons, we said we'll start out slow and be stronger in the second half of the year.
Albert J. Neupaver: But most importantly, we had either indices or surcharges with our customers and we also have fixed pricing with our suppliers.
Albert J. Neupaver: That number really is basically the same and it's a gross number. We still have costs that are associated with that. And as we go through the year, we've already had, I can't tell you how many meetings we've had that's been concentrated on a program. We have a full time individual that's devoted to it. As we develop our synergy program, maybe the next call Ray and Pat could provide a lot more color and visibility on it. But right now, this is the best we have, is a gross number between $15 million and $20 million of synergies. But I think someone I know – I think I'd mentioned that we're tracking over 100 different projects right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that's an excellent question because I think long term that's really where the synergy is, is how we capture market share and grow our volume. I mean that's the whole reason, that's really the most profitable way to grow and we're really focused on it. There is some of that in the $50 million, but you have to be realistic about the acquisitions and ability to do that. We first have concentrated and focused on getting the integration, get the teams culturally combined and focused on the right thing. So, that will probably not be something you would expect in 2017, but beyond 2018 and 2019, it should start to grow, and that really is our long-term synergy, the main reason we keep saying this is the most strategic acquisition that Wabtec has ever done.
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't know how you define majority, but yes, most of them (1:03:33) add-on cost and not on growth.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I've always classified them as hard synergies and soft synergies, and typically this revenue is a soft one.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. Yeah. I think the confusion is around how much acquisitions play in that, whether you include Faiveley or not. The overall volume is up tremendously but internal growth is low to single-digit growth.
Albert J. Neupaver: The only thing I would say is, if you take a – if you step back and you take a look at the Faiveley business and we've identified in three years $50 million of synergies, one could easily just add that to their current position and you would have an indication on what their margin might look like. And I think, Pat, the challenge would be the margin question about our base business even under the volume demand to maintain those margins as they have within that percent. I think that long term, we should be able to maintain our high margin business in the traditional Wabtec businesses. So that would give you an idea and that's just looking at it from 20,000 feet.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. And I'd add to that is, what I'm think, focuses is the integration and the synergy related to the acquisition. And as Ray mentioned in his prepared remarks, he said we're not having delusion that this is going to be a slam dunk easy acquisition. So the question is a very valid one and one that we take serious. And I think that when you look at where we're at in the integration process on this, from my years experience, I think we're kind of where we thought would be. I think the biggest hurdle was still one of cultural integration. And I think we'd be careful in going ahead with a huge one, although we have the capacity. I think you worry about resource allocation. You worry about attention to details. But I don't think we're years away from that. I think we're months away from that point.
Raymond T. Betler: Thanks, Pat. So to summarize, as Al said at the beginning of our call, we had to deal with some very difficult and challenging conditions in our freight and industrial markets in 2016. But we stayed focused on controlling what we can, while investing in growth opportunities. We still face some of these challenges in 2017 and we'll continue to attack our costs aggressively, while driving our growth opportunities. We expect to get back on track as a growth company here this year in 2017, based on current market conditions and our existing strong backlog of projects. We're pleased with the Faiveley acquisition and the progress we're making on integration and synergy planning. We're confident that our diversified business model and balanced growth strategies will enable us to respond to both long term opportunities as well as short term challenges. And with that, we'll be happy to answer any of your questions.
Raymond T. Betler: The methodology has not changed. We have a very detailed bottoms-up methodology that we use for forecasting and we're basically analyzing that on a week-by-week basis to make sure that we have as a good visibility as possible, Justin. I think the Q4 results were disappointing. We had issues that that we had to address some on our contracts. We had a few contracts where we had to take contract adjustments and the freight business did not recover. The electronics business did not recover. We didn't expect it to. But we were trying to negotiate some MSAs that we were hopeful would develop revenue opportunities sooner than they did. So it was a host of issues that resulted in the shortfall. I think on lot of those issues were one one-time unique issues that we addressed and we think that the forecast for 2017 and the guidance is solid.
Raymond T. Betler: And, so, we're expecting overall, as I said, about 6% – 7% Freight. We expect to be basically flat to slightly down. We will monitor very, very closely obviously, the aftermarket opportunity. Our opportunity in Freight to a large extent it's going to be dictated by how fast we start to derive benefits from traffic. If traffic continues to pick up then, again Q2 – Q3 we should start to see some of the benefits from that. We know that on the OEM side that car builds are going to be down. We do anticipate some growth opportunities on the international side, but overall, we expect traffic to be down. Transit organic growth about 5% over the year is what we anticipate and if you analyze the backlog in Transit both on Wabtec and the legacy Faiveley side, it's again, basically, a record high and we continue to pick up new orders. The project – the good thing about the project business is it is pretty predictable and we anticipate improvements in revenue throughout the year.
Raymond T. Betler: So Sam, on PTC, PTC hardware was down because capital spend was down. So we anticipate that this year the Class Is will buy after remainder of the PTC hardware. On the signaling side, we had one of the reasons we missed Q4, we had a pretty significant drop. It was actually a delay, a cancellation, but it's anticipated to come back in 2017. A delay in one of the major projects. It is associated with PTC, but we were doing signaling construction on that project. So it was for us, the scope was signaling category. So about $250 million of PTC last year out of the $350 million total train control and signaling was the revenue mix. So the signaling really was pretty constant at about $100 million 2015 to 2016 and the drop was in the PTC part of it.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. The contracts were really associated with the overall delivery performance problems, Sam. They're very different – there were three contracts that were in different industries and different geographical markets, but for the most part they were associated with cost overruns unit due to supplier problems in two cases and basically late deliveries and all that.
Raymond T. Betler: We're going to continue the initiatives that we had last year. So, we'll continue to try to proactively as much as possible adjust our discretionary spending. So that includes all our expense items, travel and the like head count things like that as well as the synergy programs. So the synergy programs are very explicit. We have over 100 DTL programs with people responsible to deliver on those programs. We managed those on a day-to-day basis, but we have a unconsolidated meeting on a monthly basis. So, we have very good tracking mechanisms visibility and our focus is to accelerate those as much as possible, look for additional opportunities to add to that portfolio and to deliver on the ones we've already defined. And they're across the board, across the world, across every business. Every business unit leader, every functional leader has a target with specific projects associated with their responsibility.
Raymond T. Betler: No, we're focused, as we said, on reducing expenses, driving down our overall SG&A and our costs and continuing to improve our margins. It's really about all against reduced revenues that we're trying to fight.
Raymond T. Betler: We have still a very healthy pipeline. The pipeline is strong both in North America and internationally. One of the benefits of the Faiveley acquisition is they obviously have their own acquisition candidates. So we're now including those in our overall portfolios as we consider prioritizing acquisitions. So we have both international as well as domestic and Freight as well as Transit.
Raymond T. Betler: I think for 2018, they're going to basically have to catch up in 2017 and 2018, and it has to be more loaded towards 2017 because by the end of 2018, the requirement is basically that all the equipment be installed and ready for commissioning. So there is about 20% – 25% of the hardware that they still have to buy, and we expect that most of that is going to get bought out this year. Relative to the signaling side, a lot of infrastructure work has been completed, but they did pull back significant on the infrastructure. And then on top of that, we have new opportunities that we're booking for commuter lines and other railroads. So there is some pickup in new business associated with new projects as well as the completion associated with the existing PTC procurements.
Raymond T. Betler: So there were delays a little bit, Allison, honestly again another impact on last year's revenue. We were hoping to negotiate and close those earlier in the year. It was a long, protracted negotiation in most cases. Railroads are very good at what they do and we have most of the Class I's under contract now. So those start off slow, low. And as the PTC implementation continues, they'll ramp up. And the contracts are negotiated basically at the level that we thought they would be. We said 5% to 10% of the hardware OEM equipment level, and that's about where we're going to end up it looks like. We're pretty happy with the way the negotiations went once they were finished.
Raymond T. Betler: Sure. On the industrial business, we're not seeing any significant improvements in Industrial. It's pretty much similar to Freight. We're hopeful that that will change, but at this point we're not seeing any significant changes. On the other hand, we do have growth opportunities associated with industrial through the new product development and geographical extension that we talked about. So that intercooler project represents growth. We have businesses like industrial controls businesses in Australia and other places in the world that serve the power distribution and power generation market. So, I think we're forecasting a flat market for industrial similar to what we are at Freight but there are improvement areas that will offset the continued depressed areas that you see in this country.
Raymond T. Betler: No, I think it's a total mix of our business. We're going to continue to manage our improved profitability in all of our businesses as we always do. That comes through our focus on cost improvement, on Lean, on reduced cost, support quality as well as the backlog that's associated with and the mix associated with Freight and Transit. Aftermarket business is strong, working to grow the aftermarket business in both of those areas to more OEM business you get in Transit to more aftermarket business, you have a 30 – 40-year life. So it's a mix across the entire business that margin generation.
Raymond T. Betler: If you're referring to the regulation, it's being contested. We don't anticipate that issue is going to get resolve, Jason, this year. But I think it's going to continue to be debated and we haven't forecasted any revenue associated with ECP in the U.S.
Raymond T. Betler: So for our raw materials cost, basically, only about 6% of our total spend is associated with raw materials. We have indexes under contracts for each of the raw materials copper, aluminum, steel, et cetera. Some of the raw materials that are going up are offset by raw materials that are going down like rubber, glass, wood. So bottom line is we feel pretty comfortable that we're going to be able to manage any raw material inflation across our business for the year.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. I think Kristine, Faiveley brought a tremendously strong management team with them. Stéphane Rambaud-Measson has done an excellent job pre-acquisition to come to Faiveley to address some performance issues and improvement opportunities and he was well along on a transition put in place a strong management team around him and those folks are a good part of the people that are running the Transit business worldwide today. So they have certainly their own relationship experiences and acquisition candidates that they brought with them and I personally have already participated in three different acquisition visits with folks from a Faiveley legacy, Faiveley executive team. So yeah, they're a fundamental part of our organization now. We look at them as part of us. We don't say they and we anymore. And we have plenty of capacity, probably more capacity than we had before definitely more reach.
Patrick D. Dugan: Justin, this is Pat. So I think what you're going to see, just due to the way the year should progress that we'll get to about a 15% operating margin by the end of the year. That is in line with what we discussed earlier. Clearly, the overall margin is impacted by the higher mix of Transit sales from Faiveley acquisition. So there's going to be a steady improvement in margin throughout the year. We expect to execute on the synergies and the other integration plans and so we'll also see benefits from that too.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah, I think I would rather – let's just stick with the kind of the overall group, the combined margin and because the organic growth, I mean the organic margin, I don't see that really changing but I think we need to do a little more in analysis to make sure that we have that for you.
Patrick D. Dugan: I've got to say that that's a little – we get that question a bit. I think the reality is that until we got to the fourth quarter and we had done a very good job of maintaining a margin with dropping revenue, and so those cost-saving initiatives in 2016 really are reflected in that improved margin. There was no one specific program initiative. All we did was we were constantly focused on identifying variable costs related to the volume change, but also being mindful of taking fixed cost out that would allow us to maintain that margin. So going forward, as Ray said, the real focus is on these synergies and integration opportunities we have, and we'll continue to do the same thing with the changes in volume.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yes, you are right. I mean, the two things are going to be the major factors is the project phasing that again we did not have the visibility of back in December. And, the second thing is, as we generate the synergies through the year, those are going to be the major contributors, but as Ray points out, these aren't the only two factors and we do have a tremendously diverse business model now that really provides us with the opportunity to deal with large headwinds. Think about the headwinds that we're going to be faced with, just FX and our headwinds from the Freight business in the U.S. both rail car and locomotive. So, I think that really speaks to the strength of our business model.
Ivan Yi: Hey, good morning. Can you provide a little bit more detail on your updated guidance? You lowered your revenues by about $100 million from $4.2 billion to $4.1 million (sic) [billion]. Can you put that into which bucket is that in, what product lines, what segments? Is that all freight? And then a similar question on the earnings guidance, where that's also been lowered from your original preliminary guidance in December as well. Are you seeing higher expenses in certain cost bucket? A little more color would be great.
Ivan Yi: Yes. Just similarly, are you seeing higher expenses in certain areas that prompted you to lower your earnings guidance from your preliminary projections in...
Ivan Yi: Got you, okay. Secondly, can you describe the current acquisition pipeline both in the U.S. and internationally? Are certain markets a little more active than others? And I just want to get a sense of what you're seeing out there in the marketplace.
