Timothy Wesley: Thank you, Ted, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our 2015 first quarter earnings call. Let me introduce the other Wabtec people on the call. We have Al Neupaver, our Executive Chairman; Ray Betler, our President and CEO; our CFO, Pat Dugan; and John Mastalerz, our Corporate Controller. We’ll of course make our prepared remarks and then be happy to take your questions. During the call, we will make our forward-looking statements. So, please review today’s press release for the appropriate disclaimers. Al, let’s get started.
Timothy Wesley: And just to clarify, this is Tim. The 125, that’s for the remainder of the year. So, we had 39 in the first quarter. 125 is for the remainder of the year. So the full year impact is larger than just 125.
Timothy Wesley: We have no indication, we don’t – we’re in the total dark as to what’s the regulation like probably everyone else at this point.
Timothy Wesley: And from the capacity standpoint, I just want to remind everyone, I mean, last time I gave a little review on ECP, I just want to remind everyone, I mean, we have, there is greater than 40,000 units out there, that are operating around the world right now and those have been shipped over the years, so it’s not.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had an excellent operating performance in the first quarter with sales of $819 million and record earnings of $0.99 per diluted share. Our operating margin continued to expand nicely and was at 18.1%. The business is performing well. Thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We’re optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large, they’re global and they’re growing, and we are positioned well to participate in them. Today, we also increased our 2015 guidance. We now expect full year earnings per diluted share to be about $4.10. This is based on sales growth of about 10% for the year. Our guidance has the following assumptions. Modest growth in the global economy, taking into account current conditions in all of our key markets. Top line growth coming mostly from our freight group with about half of that growth coming from organic initiatives. Most of the growth in our transit group will be offset by headwinds from foreign exchange rates. We expect continued operating margin expansion. Our assumption is, there will be no changes in foreign exchange from the current levels that they are today. Tax rate of about 31.5% for the year. As always, we’ll be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost, focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities and always ready to respond if market conditions changed. Ray, can you talk a little bit about our current markets and growth strategy.
Al Neupaver: Okay. We’re prepared to answer any questions you have, but to summarize before hand, once again, we had a good performance in the quarter. As we look at the rest of the year, we have ongoing challenges like everyone else that includes the global economic uncertainty and FX headwinds. But as we stated, based on our first quarter performance and our outlook for the rest of the year, we’ve increased our guidance to $4.10 and on revenue growth of about 10%. We are extremely pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities that we see. As we’ve stated before, we continue to benefit from our strong team of employees and management, our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With that again, we’ll be happy to answer your questions.
Al Neupaver: Okay. As we reported, and I think both Pat and Ray, and maybe Ray you could add some color to the actual numbers here. But with Transit flat year-on-year basically is $3 million down. If you look at FX year-on-year about almost $30 million of that was negative. And from acquisitions was a plus 60. The other major impact was we had a large contract that we completed in the first quarter of 2014 for the locomotives that we delivered. I think Pat mentioned that in his comments. That was about the $50 million contract that we completed and difference between quarter-on-quarter. So, if you look at Transit year-on-year and you adjust it for all those impacts, we would have been down about 11%. And if you adjust for that contract, we’d be slightly up. And that’s why going forward, especially with the – and if you look at the 125 FX that we’re considering as a headwind going forward, a lot of that is in Transit because of the fact that this is a more – they’re more international than they are – than we are here in the States. So we except to see those headwinds continue. The other thing that we mentioned was – we have a larger pending order backlog than we had in our previous quarter and that back – pending backlogs probably higher by about a $100 million, and what that entails is some options that we can’t include in the backlog and also some notices to proceed without a signed contract. And a lot of those are transit related. So I think, I gave some color maybe, Ray, you could talk a little bit of more about the transit markets.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. Keep in mind, a lot of – we can’t really answer your question precisely. But whenever we put the PTC equipment on other than new locomotive, we do classify that as aftermarket, and we haven’t really quantified for you all what our aftermarket revenue generated today. Maybe that’s something we could look at into the future. I think it’s important to point out that, of that $900 million to a $1 billion there, that’s not – some of that is installation and not an installed base. So an installed base is some fraction of that number as well. And I think it’s important to point that out.
Al Neupaver: Yeah. One thing Sam though we only talk about mix when it’s negative. When it’s positive, we just take – we say, it’s because of our good operating capabilities. So, I think it’s across the Board. There is no specific item. I think it’s continued effort by Ray and his entire team to focus on margin improvement. As you point out though and you have more sales as a percentage in freight than in transit. You’re going to have the mix effect that’s positive. So, – and I think that there is another positive that happens when you look at FX and more of the transit is affected more by FX. So, again, it’s a same thing with the margin. So there is a positive impact from that. But I think there is a lot more there to have that kind of margin improvement, really takes a focus on continues improvement, which we’re just not going to quit, we’re going to continue.
Al Neupaver: Yeah, I think the freight segment, there is a lot of competition there, and, maybe there is a small change, but we don’t anticipate at least in a short term any significant changes, we’re still picking up a lot of business on the freight side and there is lot of discussions going on the freight side so.
Al Neupaver: It’s not of the major factor. I mean, we look at deals on the basis of strategic fit and secondly we are – you got to be opportunistic. So, I think that it really doesn’t change our view, being more aggressive or less aggressive. There is more activity in the acquisition area. The pipeline is pretty active right now and it is more competitive than it was a year, two years ago. So we continue to one of the opportunistic and keep our pipeline full and active in the acquisition arena.
Al Neupaver: Yes. What we can say is, as we have opportunities in every one of our market sectors and there is more opportunities and we have capacity to pursue. So we have a very disciplined process that we go through to funnel those opportunities and prioritize on them and we have some really good ones, we’re focused on right now.
Raymond Betler: What we might do is, maybe Pat could explain how FX, FX are – our revenue and our results, but if you look at the rest of the year, it’s about a $125 million headwind as Pat said. And in the quarter, we had headwinds of about 39. So as you could see the, the amount going forward is still pretty large. Why don’t you explain how you get averages that affects the current quarter and forward as we’re using the spot rate.
Raymond Betler: No. I think, Allison it’s – obviously the deadline wasn’t going to be met. So, it’s – it’s – honestly, it’s pretty much business as usual. I think the Railroads are all trying to as hard as they can to implement BTC and there are some that are further ahead than others. Commuter agencies are still in very much in a catch up mode, some haven’t even started, because they don’t have funding. Others are underway. And we have a little bit of what pickup here with RCL now. RCL was – will also generate BTC revenues and that’s why we think we’ll be up somewhere around 15% to 20% this year.
Raymond Betler: Let me take that. If you look at PTC and you try to estimate how much is done now today. And there is a report out that – I think it’s put out by the AAOR and it talks about where they’re at. And what they feel that they’ve done, they’ve spent about $5 million out of potentially $9 billion – $5 billion out of $9 billion of cost. And they’ve only have equipped about 60% of the required locomotives with either a full PTC capability or partial. And from a revenue standpoint, that probably means they’re less than 50% along the way. Only half of the required wayside units have been deployed and about a third of the antennas and a third of the radios. So, the – for the freight railroads, there is a long way to go, and up to this point, we’ve reported revenues between $900 billion and a $1 billion, half of which was related to freight. So, there’s still quite a ways for the freight to go. If you look at the transit market for PTC, there’s only a few transit agencies that are really that far long. And out of the 20 plus agencies that are going to be required to have some form of PTC, there’s only a few of them that have progressed that far and some of them were still not under firm contract with these agencies. So, there’s potential there. On the international basis, we continue net – international represents about 25% of what we’ve – revenues that we’ve reported, the other 25 would be transit, but on the international front, we will be finishing up our MRS project in Brazil. We’re talking to a number of railroads about the future potential projects, this project becomes I think a great example of what could be done with the railroad, and the advantages that they’re getting, I think other railroads that will – it will open up their eyes. And I think internationally, we still have a long way to go. And that said, that’s just the implementations that we’re talking about. And as you’ve mentioned in your question, there is an opportunity, when we got a service this installed base. And as the installed base gets larger, I mean, some of these units have been out there since 2008. So we’re already upgrading and servicing some of this installed base that will create continuous revenue. The other thing that we focus on, we want to make this a total business over time and that’s by taking what we now have is a computer onboard and using that computer to help with the, not only the safety, but also the efficiency and productivity of the railroads by adding enhancements. So whether that would be throttle control, fuel management, movement management, data acquisition, messaging, processing, interfacing with the dispatch and back-office servers, so using it for health monitoring of the trains. So there is just a merit myriad of things that we’re working on to grow this into a business model. I think that we have obviously have a business plan and a model, which we are really not ready to share other than the general statements I made, but this will be a continuous business and growth opportunity for us, as we go forward.
Raymond Betler: I think the – somewhere it’s already been done. And I know that a lot of the railroads are already applying throttle control and getting some – seeing some advantages there. There’s other work on other enhancements. We will not be the supplier of all enhancements. However the computer will be the central brain of that operation, so we’ll have to have some kind of interface with some of these things and we are working on a number of these enhancements ourselves, I think the railroads are doing it as they can. They still have a monumental task to complete and get the safety plan approved by the FRA in the time period that they’re talking about. They are all honestly, earnestly working and as you know there is probably three versions or four versions of bills that are in the Senate that would extend the deadline. So we expect to, that’s going to have to clear itself up by the end of the year. But I think everyone’s still working hard to try to get a complete and at the same time, if we could integrate some of these enhancements, I see a great willingness and openness to look and evaluate everyone of them by the Railroads.
Raymond Betler: Yeah. Without getting into too much detail, Matt. We have, really we have orders in transit and pending orders, as Al said around the world. We have a pretty significant order, we just picked-up, but it takes a while, you go from – the way it works in transit, normally you get a notice to proceed. You get a letter of intent before you get a final contract. So you basically get a notice to proceed to start working on the contract and for instance, just to give you an example. We have large order for a class of vehicles to overhaul class of vehicles in UK. We have a notice to proceed on that, we’re still, so we’re actually starting to work on that. We’re investing some capital equipment to support that order. That order hasn’t actually been signed yet, the final contract, and when it is, it will be booked and it will be a long-term order, like most of these three years, four years, five years. We have the similar situation in South Africa. We have one in Singapore. So there is a lot of orders that are in pipeline that are going to come to fruition. We are in a similar situation in China. I just got back from China and we have a couple of orders there that are in the same exact state. So, and all these have FX impacts. So I think in a transit side of the business, the transit market is five plus times bigger outside the U.S. than it is in international. We’re picking up orders internationally as we’ve said in previous calls and we’re dealing with economic environment in those regions.
Raymond Betler: Yeah. Obviously I’d like to add one of the things that we’ve always talked about the strength of our business model is the diversity of our business model. And that we feel that it is very important to have a good transit business, because we view it as being counter cyclic to demands. And right now, as everyone knows, there is a strong freight market and we’re definitely in position to take advantage of that opportunity. But at the same time, we’re also working hard to fill up our pipeline with projects on the transit side to support us, when we’re realistic, we’ve realized, there is going to be a downturn somewhere along the line. And we’re preparing our business model to support and work as best as we can through any change that happens.
Raymond Betler: Yeah. The oil and gas business impacts, our record business, it impacts to some extent our heat exchanger business. And we’re, as I said in my comments, we’re monitoring changes there, it’s not a big impact on our business and we kind of anticipate the business as usual in that market sector.
Raymond Betler: And maybe Sam just real quickly. So we’ve talked in the past about the different business counsels we have in all of our key business areas they are on process of consultancy across our corporation. So, there is productivity improvements, the continuous improvements that we’re focused on in each of our key business processes across the business. We also, across the corporations, we also have the continual portion or Wabtec Performance System, our lean process, so we have expectations for improvements, their cost efficiencies and we have the sourcing savings. We have the cost of core quality initiatives that we talked about in the past. Let’s just take this [indiscernible] oil question and map them out a minute ago. So we anticipate the challenges in those businesses that I mentioned, the rubber business for instance. So we don’t just let the downturn in the market happen and we react to it are proactive, we are taking costs out of our rubber businesses. So we have targeted initiatives that we’re addressing that put part of base in the market. So we have corporate wide uniform programs that we’re addressing overall productivity improvements, operational efficiency and costs and then very specific programs in the areas, that we anticipate is going to be changes downturns in our business. So restructuring headcount reductions, all those things, we are reacting in a proactive way as we anticipate that changes in the market.
Raymond Betler: We’ve had already a lot of significant improvements in Fandstan business. Karl-Heinz, Colmer and Michael Bruneau who will lead that organization and Group Exec and Head of Fandstan have really done a tremendous job in those areas. Just bringing those business together to collaborate in product development areas as well as customer delivery areas. We also have initiatives in place to rationalize product lines to move production to lower cost countries, so there is, there was no commonality in the sourcing organization [indiscernible] for that’s then put in place. So there is a lot of very specific actions that have been taken.
Raymond Betler: Yeah, and it might point out. We are seeing the, the headwinds from the international commodity pricing. So that is a negative impact and those typically have a longer lead time. So if you look at the U.S. freight market, we truly don’t get a lot of visibility beyond couple of weeks to deliver something. So I think, the only change or impact that I think might be real is the fact that, as you know, the demand for commodities, iron ore, coal and such from Brazil, Australia, South Africa are down, and I think some of that’s reflected in what you’re seeing, Sam.
Raymond Betler: Let me see whether if I understand your question. We said that freight was going to carry almost all of the 10% and half of that would be from acquisitions. The other half from internal growth. And if you’re asking how much of the FX is associated with freight and transit, is that what you’re asking, Scott? I did...
Raymond Betler: And Mike, we did not say that we expect ECP to be part of regulation, as a matter of fact we expect it not to be, and we haven’t anticipated in the guidance. So all we’re saying is, if a decision is made where a position effectively to support our customers, that’s basically the message.
Raymond Betler: We haven’t, I haven’t really thought about that and I haven’t measured it, but my guess would say that it’s probably has not created any opportunities, because it’s not, as you know, it’s only 5% of our business. I think not, but I didn’t really have to think about that a little bit more.
Raymond Betler: We haven’t seen much of it. I can’t say that it’s non-existent, but it has not been a major factor up to this point.
Raymond Betler: Yeah it depends on how much time you have Kristine for discussion. But let me give you just highlights. It’s really pretty dynamic situation that China always is, but in particular right now because CNR and CSR are being merged together into a new sort of mega transportation organization called CRC. That company is being merged basically to be able to focus now internationally, to compete internationally. They already essentially dominate the entire market within China. We supply into them, in several different areas. We set up a JV for Brake Bright Systems for instance and the order I was referring to was, new order for metro rake system to be supplied through CRC. We also mentioned in an earlier call that the Chinese in this case, it will see NR1, in order, we are selected, little better, bigger for an order in Boston. We believe, we have a good opportunity to supply the major subsystems for that people, vehicles. We have couplers on vehicles that are being supplied into Brazil, Argentina. We have break systems that are being supplied for locomotives in China. Those are all companies associated with this mega Company CRC. So we met with obviously all of our businesses, but we also met with the customers over there. They have pretty aggressive strategies in place and plans to grow their share worldwide and I think it will be interesting to see how that evolves. There focus is, let’s say on the [indiscernible] they are on other parts of the world.
Raymond Betler: Our industrial business, we refer to our industrial businesses, nominal portion. It’s about 15% of our overall business. And we are seeing headwinds from on the oil and gas, but the other parts of the business there kind of flat a little bit under pressure.
Raymond Betler: It’s the whole universe of opportunities that we’ve really – we must remain solid on what we’re working on, because none of which, nothing you can’t on anything until it’s completed. And so what I will say is, we’re pretty active. We’re very active right now on a number of areas and hopefully we’ll be able to have something, we could report on to you shortly.
Raymond Betler: I think we’ve always had good opportunities anyway for – I have been with Wabtec almost seven years, Cleo and I don’t – I mean it goes up and down a little bit, the strength of our pipeline, but I don’t ever recall...
Raymond Betler: Yes, the second question we can’t answer. The first question is that obviously from a cash standpoint the one thing that we’re really focused on is having our cash flow generated from our operations to exceed our net income and that’s something that I think that we are very focused on repeating that after last year we had a year-on-year. Obviously, come up a little short on that in the first quarter because some of the items – discrete items that it had some kind of seasonality with it, but the overall goal is still to do that.
Raymond Betler: Again, we want to thank you for your continued support, questions and we look forward to talking to you, again. Thank you.
Patrick Dugan: Right. Well, just simply then – in the historical results, we’re using an average of the rates. And so, as you’ve seen these FX exchange rates decline throughout the quarter, we would have obviously reflect that in our top-line sales, in our results. So when we estimate going forward, we’re assuming that essentially today is the best guide of where we’ll be for the remainder of the year. And so if you just simply take the revenue forecasts and plan for the rest of the year using today’s exchange rate. You’re going to end up with a dampening effect from the top line and then obviously a reduced EBIT for the year.
Patrick Dugan: Yeah, I think that’s fair. It’s been, you obviously – this – the exchange is month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter or it could – it will adjust. But that’s probably about right.
Patrick Dugan: I think that’s right. I think you’d have to do a little more analysis, but I think over two thirds of it is going to be in the transit segment.
Patrick Dugan: We have a couple – we have a couple really good projects going through right now. One is associated with expanding our friction business. The friction business, I’ve talked a lot about is it relates to new technology, because sometimes people don’t really think about that as a high tech area, but it really is, and so we have a very significant investment in Europe in that area as one example.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. The 25% was looking at the total – the total sales for the quarter and the 33% was in the specifics of the freight area. But then the rest of the change is going to be a net of acquisition and FX and other impacts.
Patrick Dugan: Yes the growth is from existing businesses and not – just when you go and do a comparison of period-over-period, you don’t have as much of an impact of acquisitions in the freight area.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So we were – when you do a comparison to the fourth quarter it’s lower than the fourth, but that really comes down to some discrete items. We have – we will have some items related to compensation or benefits that one quarter versus another will be a little higher, a little lower than they were in a comparison but when you look at a kind of run rate for your model, I think we’re right around that about an $88 million to $90 million per quarter and I think that’s the guidance we gave the last call and I think that’s a good number to work with going forward.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. I mean we get impacted by like I said compensation, healthcare costs, those kind of go up and down but – so we tend to look at on a full year basis and I think that guidance would be good.
Patrick Dugan: The only factor that is just common sense, I mean, I think everyone realizes that people want to sell when things are good, and there is a list and a rising where they stay good otherwise they don’t maximize the value of what they’re offering to the marketplace. So that’s why you would see a peak in the middle of the recession on the downturn there obviously is less opportunities going to be presented at that time and what is presented at times are normally things that you wouldn’t want because they’re in distress.
