Al Neupaver: Thanks a lot Ray. As we go forward at Wabtec, we really want to continue to focus on growth and cash generation. Our priorities for allocating free cash remain the same. First priority is to fund internal growth programs that includes capital expenditures; second priority would be acquisitions; and then thirdly, return money to shareholders through a combination of dividends and stock buybacks. We had a very small window for buying stock in the first quarter and did repurchase 27,500 shares for about $2 million. So, we have about a $198 million left on our approved $200 million buyback authorization. We expect to be active during the year. We remain focused on increasing free cash flow by managing cost, driving down working capital, and controlling capital expenditures. Our growth strategies also remain the same, global and market expansion; aftermarket expansion; new products and technologies; acquisitions. Let’s talk a bit about the progress that we’ve made on these strategies. In the global and market expansion area, our sales outside of the U.S. during the first quarter were $314 million, that’s 4% higher than last year’s quarter and about 45% of total sales versus if you look back five years ago that number would be about a third. We continue to expand our capabilities and market presence in various markets around the world. In particular, we have taken advantage of opportunities in Europe, China and South Africa. The aftermarket expansion strategy: Overall aftermarket sales were $414 million in the quarter. That’s a 16% growth over year ago quarter and it represents 60% of our total sales. This growth is due in part to acquisitions and internal growth initiatives. We are very focused on expanding our service offerings globally. As for new products, we continue to have tremendous focus on this area with many internal development projects. To name just a few electronic braking, oil free compressors, locomotive services, and an integrated brake system for the European freight market, and of course, positive train control. PTC related sales come in at about $235 million during 2013. Based on our first quarter 2014 numbers, we are on track for PTC sales growth of about 10% to 15% this year as we continue to work with the railroads and other industry suppliers to develop an interoperable system. Recently we announced two contracts, one contract was with the Alaskan Railroad; the other with Sound Transit in Seattle. We expect to announce others as the year goes on. As you know, the railroads and transit authorities have said that meeting the December 15 PTC deadline is not possible which could lead to an extension of the deadline. We have analyzed this and do not feel that it would have a meaningful impact on our business. In the area of acquisitions we completed three transactions last year and have already announced one this year and that’s Fandstan Electric which we expect to close in the second quarter, as we work through some final regulatory issues. Let’s talk a little bit about Fandstan Electric, I mentioned this on our last call but it makes highly engineered components, those are pantographs or third rail shoe gears that has excellent IP and strong engineering and technical capabilities. About 60% of that business is associated with transit and 40% industrial and energy. It meets all of our strategic criteria, new products, no product overlap whatsoever with Wabtec. It has aftermarket component of about 30%, it has an installed base in more than 100 different countries. It meets global expansion in the sense that it has sales of about 50% in the Continent of Europe, 20% in the UK, 20% in Asia, and 10% in the U.S. It has a strong management team that will continue with the business. The annual revenues are about $235 million with margins slightly less than our current transit margins. We see significant opportunities to improve the margins, using our lean and sourcing activities, but this will take time and lots of hard work. In 2014, we expect to see significant sales from Fandstan, but minimal earnings accretion due to integration cost and purchase price accounting charges. Long-term, we think Fandstan will be an excellent addition to our portfolio. With that I will turn it over to Pat to talk a little bit about our numbers.
Al Neupaver: Thanks Pat. In summary, we had an excellent performance in the first quarter with record sales and earnings and a record backlog. As we look forward to 2014, we are anticipating another record year and affirm our EPS guidance of about $3.45 on revenue growth of about 15%. We are pleased with our strategic progress and excited about the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Al Neupaver: Okay. First question was related to Fandstan in closing of the business. So, as we have explained, Fandstan is a very global business with businesses in over 100 different countries and some complex business models. And we are going through some anticipated regulatory steps that we need to take in order to be able to close. So, we are confident that we will be able to work through those and close in the second quarter at this point. Any change to that, obviously we would keep everyone informed. If, the second question is related to did we actually see the rest of our business perform a little better than expectations? Since we had anticipated, we would have closed the Fandstan business in the first quarter. The anticipation was that we would not close it until late in the first quarter. However there was impact that we have build into the guidance related to revenues. And your assumption and your statement is partially correct. There is some strength that we saw in the first quarter that was not anticipated or build into our guidance. I think that we had stronger sales related to freight car products and a lot of that had to do with the severe winter that we had. We also saw the advantage that we had from our electronic product line and some of the growth was through the acquisitions that we had last year and the results were a little better in those acquisitions. We typically don’t see some of the growth in acquisition right out of the [shoe]. So, in total we saw a little more strength than would have been reflected in our guidance. And hopefully that will be sustained going forward.
Al Neupaver: Yes. I think that there is a lot of challenges for the utilization of electronic control pneumatic braking by the freight railroads. And primarily it comes into the fact that you need a unit train and a unit train is one that would travel from point A to point B and back and forth and not be changing the cars, because every railcar has to be equipped with ECP in order for it to be effective. And as you know most trains could have tank car, a hopper and a flatcar or whatever or even an auto rack all mixed in one train and that makes for it to be very difficult. I think that crude-by-rail creates a potential opportunity that they may be able to use this concept to help electronic control pneumatic braking. It allows for shorter stopping distances, it allows for electronic control of each of the cars. So there are some advantages, obviously you could get some of those benefits used in other technology such as distributive power and I think that a lot of railroads get some of the benefit from doing that. So, I think there is a lot that still has to be overcome. We continued to have good success in the international markets primarily in the mining area where unit trains is the standard, Australia, Brazil, South Africa. So, I think that there is other complication in the U.S. as well and that’s related to, if you lease the car, you own it, who pays for it, who gets the benefit. All those things really need to be worked through. We see it as an opportunity not an immediate one, but long-term. This technology is good technology that adds value, it helps in the safety efficiency and the productivity of the railroads and it will be adopted overtime is our opinion.
Al Neupaver: Yes. When you think about the delay on positive train control, what the delay is, is the full implementation of PTC on all the designated routes and designated locomotives. That delay does not indicate this and truly we see it, there is any delay effort to try to get to that, still that same deadline and lot of work continues. And we’re part of all that work trying to develop and interoperable system with PTC. So any delay, I don’t think they are going to stop spend money because I think that what they are trying to say is hey, we cannot meet the deadline but we are still going to work toward trying to, and we are going to get it done as soon as possible. I think that’s more of the message than we are going to stop and wait and continue. I think the work will continue.
Al Neupaver: Yes. Our first quarter sales were about 72 million in PTC related products, about half of that was freight, about a quarter of it was international and about a quarter of it was transit. And that’s pretty much, if you look at the total spend up to this day in that area, that’s about where the percentages are at.
Al Neupaver: Yes. Obviously the weather impact, the negative part of it would have been just the railroads probably didn’t get the loads carried that they would have normally had. They did not have the weather impact. So there might have been more activity but the severe weather is very tough on the equipment which I think we saw some added sales related to that. As we look forward, during the quarter the deliveries I think were actually down fourth quarter of ‘13 to first quarter, almost 2,000 cars. We would expect with the backlog gone up to 82,000 which is I think the second highest in recent years, I think 2006 it might have peaked out at 88,000 or something like that. And so, I would think that deliveries should actually increase going forward into the second, third, fourth quarter based on that backlog. That would be a plus that we would obviously see.
Al Neupaver: Yes. Right now that’s about we’d expect to get half of our growth this year from internal growth and about half from acquisitions. Your math is pretty good, Thom.
Al Neupaver: Yes, I think you’re over analyzing it a little bit, Thom. I don’t think it’s going to carry over into transit. And I think most of the weather type things are behind us now. The only thing that you see in transit sometimes is delayed spending based on budgets or money available. But we don’t know of anything that happened that way. Last year, during 2013 hurricane Sandy had a major impact on the transit lines, and there was a lot of aftermarket that happened from that and we saw that. But I don’t anticipate any little pop in transit or freight into the second quarter related to that weather. I think the biggest thing will be that hopefully traffic will continue to improve as we’ve seen in last few weeks and that we would also expect that OEM delivery, the freight cars going up into the second quarter.
Al Neupaver: We’re probably not going to comment on that, but I can, I would like to congratulate Ray Betler and the entire team of really operating that peak performance which I think that we always stride for, we are working for incremental improvement. I think it was a lot of questions in the last call related to the any improved margins and I think that we said with confidence we’re going to continue to try to do that and that’s our goal and we’ll continue to do that going forward.
Al Neupaver: They have laid out a contract to Austin. Again we’re aggressively talking to Austin about our participation in that project. We’re not in a position where we could announce anything at this point. But again, we’ll keep you informed. There are nice opportunities. We were pretty impressed with our South African operation and our General Manager in that area is doing a fine job and creating, a lot of requirements are going to be that you have to have localization of the manufactory in order to participates, so our visit was timely and important.
Al Neupaver: There is about $150 million in the backlog with PTC and its spread out over a long period of time. Typically we do not get a large backlog on the onboard computer, the only way we get some backlog is signing some of these transit contracts, but when we look at the freight railroads, where we are doing contract we are (inaudible) work as well as the onboard computer those usually coming in on the purchase order on the short delivery and we are able to support that.
Al Neupaver: I don’t have the dollar value of the installed base, and I tell you why, Fandstan was a company that started in the UK. And their when we did meet with their CEO it was amazing that their strategy was very similar to ours, he named the same -- and I know a lot of companies have the same strategies, but he named the same but he also did a lot of the growth related to acquisitions of companies around the world. So I would imagine that installed base is excellent, but keep in mind it’s only a 30% aftermarket business. So we think there is some opportunity there to grow that. Some of the products they installed though even installment though they are for 30, 40 years and that’s they make a conductor rail, a third rail product that actually make the rail with -- it’s a [clouded] material with aluminum that the electricity is transmitted on and that product doesn’t really have an aftermarket. So there is some products that create an opportunity for us and there is others that probably you are just not going to get in aftermarket with.
Al Neupaver: On Fandstan if you look at the pantograph, the pantograph is the -- how do I explain it, it’s on top of the -- if you ever look at a street car or a transit car on top of it you see this thing that kind of [scissors] up some up and down on springs and that has a good aftermarket and I knew that a carbon shoes up there that need to touch the wire that’s hot. Also on the third rail shoe gear that wears as well because they sale the actual component that goes between the vehicle and the third rail. And some of the other industrial products which are large induction lines they import, they have C ports where they make these big wheels in festoons, some of those have some aftermarket, not a lot less than normal. So it’s actually more on the transit has the aftermarket in my opinion than the industrial. I don’t Ray you may have a comment on that.
Al Neupaver: It probably won’t -- intrinsic I would think it’s probably in the 3% to 5% range, but if you look at it historically they’ve had acquisitions over the year, so it’s grown rapidly.
Al Neupaver: Yes, normally what I’ll tell you is they’re going to improve, you could be assure that our goals and objectives will show that we’re going to try to improve those margins. We really don’t have a goal in mind other than continuous improvement. We think there is, as I stated we think there is a lot of opportunity especially as we apply our lean manufacturing techniques to Wabtec performance system. We think that there is a lot of sourcing opportunities, I apologize I think I’m getting an echo for some reason. Yes, I would think that probably is an opportunity, but I’d rather not give you an exact number.
Al Neupaver: Well, I think there are certain products and certain businesses that will grow with the market, but there are also opportunities to broaden our product lines, which would allow us to increase our share. We still do not offer the full range of products in transit or freight.
Al Neupaver: Transit’s a small market in the U.S. so you could get incremental improvement, but it’s not going to end up that much in the bottom-line. Freight’s a much larger market, so I would think that the growth would be more in freight and faster than in the transit.
Al Neupaver: I think that there is probably no time limit on this decision, but we're confident that it will be resolved.
Al Neupaver: Plus we have the expense, the expenses of the integration, as well as the purchase price accounting. So, initially it has had larger drag than it will say once you -- what you have to do is the inventory value that is building the inventory has to flow out. And your backlog, you have to go through your backlog, you have to operate through that backlog. And any profit that’s in either one of those have to flow through the P&L is a negative hit. I learned that from these accountants that (inaudible) try to explain this.
Al Neupaver: And it was not a major expenditure. As our offering continues to take hold then we do more in that area. We will have some capital going to be required in order to expand because of locations and everything in that particular market area.
Al Neupaver: Yes. Right now we have a repair facility in Houston; Chicago was a Greenfield site that we put in. We have one down in Houston, we have one in Salt Lake City, we have a repair in Boise and Chicago now. I think those are the locomotive repair centers we have. So, we do have quite a few now.
Al Neupaver: It could very easily creep into beyond, I think if you historically look at what we’ve done on share repurchases when we say active I think that you’re going to see more of the same. We’ll be opportunistic; we definitely want to minimize any creep that would happen with the share count. We just wanted to point out that the first quarter is not indicative of our normal strategy because we only had a window that was open for very short period of time, I think maybe a week. It was open and there was a lot of, that’s when the stock-based comp gets spin as well. So, we just want to point out that the first quarter is not indicative of our strategy.
Al Neupaver: No, I think it’s all captured in what we discussed. And I am struggling a little bit to remember exactly which delay, I don’t know of any, the large amount percentage…
Al Neupaver: Right now our pilot program continues to operate, it’s utilizing the PTC system. We’re working through trying to solve any of the issues we have with the system; at the same time, we’re expanded into new areas, we’re doing it section-by-section. I think it’s going well. We stay very close to it. I don’t know if any major concerns that we have at this point other than trying to complete it as soon as we can. It’s a very large system that has a lot of tunnels, there is a lot of complexities with the signaling system that we’re working through.
Al Neupaver: Yes, it’s actually improving. What we are seeing is the industrial business is coming back. I think that the production of natural gas has gone up significantly, we see the results of that. So our industrial business is returning not completely at this point, but is showing signs of being healthy into the future.
Al Neupaver: Okay. I can tell you that on freight OEM was 25%, aftermarket was 55%; on transit OEM was 35% and aftermarket was 65%; total was 40% OEM, 60% aftermarket for total business.
Al Neupaver: Yes, it was towards the end of the quarter, mostly in the third month, actually in March. I think they, probably just trying to keep everything running was probably the goal in January, February. And it’s not, don’t misunderstand, this was not a large increment that we saw from that but it was worth noting.
Al Neupaver: And if the technology went from diesel fuel to natural gas, it really would not have a major impact on us.
Pat Dugan: Thanks Al, good morning everybody and thanks for joining us on the call. Just some highlights from our financial results for Q1. Our sales for the first quarter were a record $695 million which is 13% higher than last year. Of this increase about three quarters was from organic growth. Our freight segment sales increased 23%. That increase was due to acquisitions and organic growth from increases in the area of electronics and freight car components. Transit segment sales increased 3%. For 2014, we expect to see revenues increase in both of our operating segments with freight probably growing at a faster rate. Our operating income for the quarter was a record $122 million which is about 17.5% of sales. The first quarter operating margin in 2013, a year ago was 16.8% and we finished the full year at 17%. So we continue to have slight improvement. Our interest expense for the quarter was $4.5 million which is a bit higher than a year ago and that’s due to some increased borrowings related to acquisitions that we completed in 2013. Our effective tax rate was 31.7% and it was 30% last year. You have to remember that last year in first quarter 2013, we had a one-time tax benefit due to changes in legislation and especially the extension of the R&D tax credit which is a first quarter discrete item. We expect to see the annual rate for 2014 to be about 31.5%. We could have some variability due to timing of any discrete tax items throughout the quarters in 2014. In terms of working capital our trade and unbilled receivables were $637 million. Inventories were $420 million and payables were $345 million, the unbilled receivables are related to the long term contracts where we need to hit certain project milestones before we're able to build for the work. As our businesses become more global and as we expand our sourcing programs into other low cost countries that will affect our working capital requirements. Cash, with $295 million in cash mostly in the U.S., I’m sorry mostly outside of the U.S. $286 million was in hit at December 31st. When we close Fandstan, we expect to fund the acquisition with both cash and debt, so those numbers will change accordingly. Our debt at March 31st was $451 million and that’s very similar to year-end. In terms of cash generated from operations were generated $26 million for the quarter and we expect that to continue as the year goes on. Couple of miscellaneous items just some of the things that we always point out for the call, our depreciation for the quarter was $8.8 million compared to $7.6 million in last year’s quarter that’s higher mostly due to the acquisitions we closed in 2013. So we have a full year as worth of depreciation from those acquisitions that were not in the first quarter of last year. Amortization expense was $4.7 million compared to $3.6 million in last year’s quarter same reasoning, it’s increased due to the ongoing amortization from last year’s acquisitions. Our CapEx for the quarter was $6.3 million, a year ago it was $6.4 million. Our expectations for the full year for CapEx to be about $50 million which includes some of the expenditures that will come from the acquisition of Fandstan. For backlog we reached a record multi-year backlog of $1.72 billion, which is about 1.5% higher than at year end December 31st. You break that down, $1.2 billion for our transit segment and $531 million for our freight segment. Our rolling 12 month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was $1.1 billion which is about the same as it was at year end. You break that down transit was $660 million and freight $467 million. Those backlog numbers I’ve just pointed out do not include about $250 million of contract options. We don't count those in the backlog numbers until the customer exercise with the options. So, with that I'm happy to turn the call back over to Al for his closing comments.
Pat Dugan: Okay. Our guidance on the locomotives if you would have gone back to the fourth quarter last year as we saw we expect that actually locomotive business may have been flat to down. And I think that we reported in February and again this year that we actually think of it’s going to be up a bit at about 1,100 to about 10% increase. We continue to see strength in that area whether those could be delivered or not in 2014 still needs to be seen. So yes, I think we’re pretty consistent with what’s happened in the marketplace on locomotives. Your second part of the question was related to the content. The content on a locomotive varies greatly. I think if we were to have every product that we possibly make on a locomotive, we could be upwards of around $200,000 per locomotive and that creates a good opportunity for us. As far as Tier 4 that doesn’t create anymore products for us, but it does require redesign of many of our products to be Tier 4 compliant, one of which is as you’re aware, we make heat exchangers and that heat exchanger now has to have different thermal management conditions in order to help meet that Tier 4 requirement by the customers. Also some of the emission control equipment we have also needs to be designed to help meet the Tier 4. So, it does create an opportunity, but it doesn’t really broaden our offering package.
Pat Dugan: No, I mean we contemplate that in our cash plan every year. Really our goal is to use that cash and reinvest in the business and do it in a way that’s the most efficient from a treasury and a tax standpoint.
Pat Dugan: Well, our first quarter is always a challenge. We have a number of uses of cash I mean simply paying taxes and other items that normally build up throughout the year. So, we end up having sort of our weakest cash generation in the first quarter. And that gets better as the year goes on. Clearly the growth of the sales, the top-line has impacted our use of cash as we -- our working capital has gone up with receivables and inventories. So, we tend to see as the year goes on that the cash generation improves quarter-over-quarter. And really I don’t think that this is anything that’s anything problematic.
Ray Betler: So, I think Allison that we have a very strong backlog in transit to transit project sort of three to five years in nature. So, I think a stable trending toward increasing or slightly increasing funding stream is very good for us. We have a pretty good share on the orders that we win. And we have lot of ongoing projects. So, those projects are going to sustain our ability to grow our market. If you look at it on an international basis, we have a strong foundation in North America. And our goal is to increase our market share in Europe and other places in the world. So, if the funding stream remains the same, it's a good thing for us. If it increases, obviously it's better. But we're in a very good position and the opportunities really are international in the transit market for us.
Ray Betler: Yes, I agree 100% what your assessment are. And I think that high maintenance where products are just what I will explain the pantograph is by far to top of list in terms of opportunities.
Ray Betler: I think Scott as far as opportunity for crude by rail, I think we’ve mentioned before that the type of trains and the type of haulage really doesn’t have a significant difference on us in terms of our opportunities; certainly if the volumes go up, that’s an opportunity. But in terms of technology, technology applications and product applications are pretty much the same. If there is any kind of migration or regulatory requirement to go [PTC] obviously that would be a big plus. There is product down, instead we are doing to always to try to capture incremental opportunities in those areas. Some of those are follow-ons from some of the incidence that have occurred in that market. But in general, I think the best opportunity we have comes through the increased volume.
