Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Wabtec’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and President of Freight Services, Pascal Schweitzer; Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today’s slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted on our website earlier today and can be accessed on our Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we are making are forward-looking and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentations. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully as you consider these metrics. And now, I will turn over the call to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Raphael. We will now move on to questions. Before we do out of consideration for others on the call, I asked you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up question. If you have additional questions, just please rejoin the queue. With that operator, I think we’re ready to take our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you everyone for your participation. I will turn the call over to Rafael for a quick few comments. 
Rafael Santana: Thanks Pat. So as you heard throughout the morning and you see on this page Wabtec had a solid performance in the second quarter, despite a weak and fluid environment, a reminder that in difficult times, strong companies must learn how to adapt, find a better way and lead through change. We could not have imagined a greater stress test for our company and how it would perform in a difficult environment than the one we are seeing it today. Over the last 70 months, we have successfully managed a massive merger that doubled the size of this company we have faced into the global pandemic, in an industrial recession in one of the most difficult business cycles ever seen. Yet despite all the odds, we are performing strong and we have delivered a true testament to the team and their commitment to position this company as a stronger and more resilient Wabtec carrying into the second half of the year we would fully expect to see continued headwinds, especially given the uncertainties of COVID-19. Our leadership team remains constant and committed to manage cost and to drive profitable growth that will help us navigate these challenges. I want to personally thank each and every member of the Wabtec team. Again, for all that they are doing in the face of change your efforts are reflected in the results we shared today. With that, I will turn the call back to Kristine to begin the Q&A portion of the discussion.
Rafael Santana: I think one of the things we will be watching for is really any push-outs on the decisions which regards to new projects. And I think that’s something for us to continue to monitor here as we continue to build backlog.
Rafael Santana: Well, couple of points. I think we have given clear guidance to cash conversion being above 90%, I think we remain committed to that. And I think we have the areas of opportunities here to act. If you look into areas like inventory, for instance, so we will continue to have strong rigor around that and we feel strong about delivering above 90% cash conversion here.
Rafael Santana: We remain committed to the framework we presented during the Investor Day. I mean, there is a commitment to continue to pay debt down, but we are going to be looking at opportunities here. And especially, we can see bolt-on acquisitions being I will call more available than they were maybe 6 months ago and that will make sure to evaluate that against the different options. So, we are committed to that framework we presented back at the Investor Day.
Rafael Santana: I think I will probably point out to three things to be a really watching. Of course, the impact for both customers in operation was very significant in the second quarter. As we are going to the second half, I think, first really watching closely on the freight side, the unparking of locomotives. What I feel was North America or international, I mean, we have seen the impacts in the second quarter. And as those un-parking occurs I think we have seen that trend. It’s not linear, but I think there are some brighter spots then, but one places versus others. Especially, internationally, I’d say we see some of those brighter spots. We see democrats across some geographies and driven by well, either agriculture or specific mining. There is still some markets we’re heavily under penetrated. So I think we see a good dynamics coming from the, from some of these markets. And it is reflected also in the pipeline of what I call opportunities for equipment deals. So what if I talk about agriculture in Brazil or mining in Australia, we also continue to deliver on our contract in India. You think a country like Kazakhstan's volumes carloads, are actually up year over a year, year to date, and that’s also I think, a significant opportunity for us. 
Rafael Santana: I would say certainly, when I look at second quarter, even first quarter, I mean, I can’t say those were necessarily great in terms of all favoring a dynamic of order intake. I think when you compare first quarter, against the second quarter, and if you have to exclude FX, you will see in backlog remained flattish quarter over quarter, I think, as we look at has ahead, I mean, we are really in the business of looking for business. We are chasing every piece of opportunity that we can go after. Our strategy here is to grow the business profitably, and so we will continue to act to have a more competitive cost structure than ever before. I think, yes, we are seeing some decisions moving to the right. And I think, especially if you think about some of the dynamics in the transit side with, really despite of the fact that ridership is low, I think we are seeing a number of trains in operation. So operators are really reevaluating some of these but we think the long term fundamental is ratified, look at transit or freight remain strong. And we are seeing a commitment to actually be investing in those modes. And this is part of the solution, as we look out the world ahead in terms of driving more efficient, more productive, less emissions. And I think we sit in a good place in terms of the long term fundamentals for the business.
Rafael Santana: Well, couple of comments there. Number one, I mean, we felt the impact in the second quarter in North America I mean it is brutal, right? I mean, as you look into the numbers you have heard from the Class 1s I mean we have seen volume reduction, pretty close to those numbers that you have heard I think of transactional parts. And I think some of the Class 1s alluded to, like 20% down. Yes. I mean, we did feel that directly. I think what we have also seen is from the bottoming of the volume, which fundamentally happened in the first two months of the quarter, we have seen that improvement come through. That is also being true not just for North America. We have also seen that into international markets. And we do expect recovery to happen there faster, especially as our fleets are on parked. It is all dependent on the pace in, which those fleets gets un-parked. I think we are seeing a faster rate of recovery on international markets. I think I mentioned here earlier, some of the dynamics on agribusiness mining across some of the geographies that we serve, and we are certainly seeing I see a much faster recovery, in fact, of some customers actually up year-over-year in terms of carloads in some of these geographies.
Rafael Santana: I think the recovery in terms of number one, ridership has been a little bit better in Europe, if you compare against U.S., but reality is it remains well below what I will call the pre-COVID level. So, I think the better side of it is we have seen I think number of trains in service and operations are very significant despite of the ridership being down. So, I think we can also be looking at service despite maybe a lower decline going into a faster recovery. And I think other element is, I think, as far as project scales, we haven’t seen any again cancellations or anything with regards to the impact of the share. There could be an element of things pushing to the right in terms of just project delays when customers might want equipment. I think that’s one of the elements that we are going to keep monitoring.
Rafael Santana: So, I think in terms of the exit trends, I mean, yes, we saw it going back up some of the demand in both – in terms of orders, but in terms of sales, versus the first 2 months of the quarter. I think, in specific, I’d say in transit, I think beyond that, I think we have taken significant actions in the business. Lilian and the team is really committed to continue to take the necessary cost actions and I look at a year-to-date we are 110 basis points margin improvement versus the first half of last year. I think we have talked to you about being at least 100 basis points improvement year-over-year. So, despite of what I will call a really unprecedented quarter in many ways, we are very much on track to deliver on that promise. So, still a lot of work to do, still subject to lot of disruptions, but we feel like the team is heading in the right direction here.
Rafael Santana: Yes, we are certainly – I’d say number one reason for that is we do have a pipeline of synergies that’s greater than the one that we have provided. So, we are continuing to work on those and they are critical in order to offset any I’ll call downside that we could experience along the way. So, we are not giving necessarily any considerations on volume growth at this point as being able to accelerate that. But I think we have got good momentum there. And I think we continue to have opportunity here to provide I will call better news in terms of accelerating synergies as we progress this year and into next year.
Rafael Santana: Sure. I mean, when you kind of look at the impacts you have freight car builds that are really at very historically low levels you have North America locos and in the impact of that markets on our business, as those volumes come back on, we have we obviously get really good margins on the on the freight car build and we get good margins on the locomotive builds, on OE and the absorption that comes along with that. So I think that you could see the business and the margins for that freight segment improve with the higher volume It certainly makes sense. The other aspect of this would be digital electronics and, the investment that our customers will make in the growth in that in that revenue area will also provide really good margins for the segment.
Rafael Santana: Yes, exactly. I think fixed costs coverage is a big part of it, but I think it’s, also it those are those are good product lines for us and they deliver a lot of value for our customers and I think that is the overall volumes recover and we get industry improve. I think that you will see the margins get back to more historical than typical levels. 
Rafael Santana: I think if you look at the last few years we have continued to see an increase in terms of the percent of our fleets running when compared to our competitors, whether if I look at North America or global markets. I think that’s an ongoing trend.
Rafael Santana: Yes, yes, that’s true. Now keep in mind, I mean, this is a big fleet right, we are talking about 23,000 assets as we presented. I think we have a favorable age distribution. The average age of this fleet is only 13 years, which is a pretty young fleet that is going to keep running for a number of years. You have some of the older fleets that are running less you have some of fleets that are coming off warranty, especially internationally. And so you have a number of effects coming together. But true, we have some locomotives coming off warranty and these locomotives start generating service revenue.
Rafael Santana: So there is about what $600 million, which is more transactional, which is orders you get on the Gulf, so you might not be seeing those on the backlog to your point out of the total $2.2 billion that make up the bridge.
Rafael Santana: Exactly. We don’t really have that breakdown like you described, but I mean we can certainly look into that and try to get back to you with at least some color around it.
Rafael Santana: So, that’s one side on the equipment and maybe on the service side they will very often be sold if a services contract on the top of that, because they want to make sure ultimately they maintain the locomotives running and there is an element of continued training to the operators. And what we often see is our fleets running, especially in those remote locations as we support the customers throughout the life of the locomotives.
Rafael Santana: So we are very interconnected with our customers to the point that in a lot of places, we manage the inventory associated with parts coming in and ultimately making sure we guarantee the availability and reliability of those assets. So we feel very much upfront on any of those changes.
Rafael Santana: Okay. So I’ll just start with the second quarter. I mean, of course, the trends were not great there. I mean we saw a decline in some of these items. And I think I mentioned about parts I mean we also saw pressure on the MSA I mean units not just not running as much as they were. But once again, I think as you start seeing the on parking take place, I think we are seeing those trends as early as of June and continuing to July to move in the right direction. And I think we are seeing a good pattern from this point of view. But I think though one thing I want to highlight to you here is we are working with customers to make sure that they have got ultimately, I think the most efficient the most reliable locomotives out there. And these presents to us opportunities to overhaul to modernize and to ultimately also equip them, so they can run a lot of the things you have heard from the Class 1s, how do I run longer trains? How do I get to a more fuel efficiency for those locomotives, and we got to make sure that we are combative does we do that but things like distributed power with LOCOTROL, LXA, Trip optimizer. These are some of the technologies that will enable that and these are in fact, proven technologies that align very well with PSR. And all the efficiency, railroads want to drive and I think, again, very much connected with a lot of the story you hear from Pascal on the services side, and one area that we continue to see opportunity here to grow our installed days and to help customers with a great paybacks. 
Rafael Santana: I think we have – a lot of it’s associated with I will call existing customers. We have the opportunity here to grow our installed base on some products that are still under-penetrated. I think I mentioned here, LXA as a product. So I mean, we still have an installed base that’s relatively small when I look at the potential of this product. And it’s a key product, especially as railroads look at making longer trains. I think there is some elements here of auto products like Smart HPT that will also enable customers to get significant fuel savings as they run those longer trains, so more with existing products and existing customers. I think one of the big opportunities we have is to expand that share growth and really into the international market. I think we have got some earlier adopters in places like Brazil, in places like Kazakhstan, but we can still be doing a lot into some modern geographies.
Rafael Santana: I think, again, what we said last year was we are going to drive at least 100 basis points margin improvement year-over-year. And we certainly have actions that support more than that. And I think my commentary earlier was you look at the first half of the year, we are very much on track to do so and actions will continue. It’s less about the event. I will call the improvement year-over-year, but making sure that we will continue to drive momentum to, well, get to our entitlement. So I want to see continued momentum there.
Rafael Santana: Hey, just one of the most disruptive quarters for us ever with really an impact for both customers and operations, Wabtec employees have been absolutely amazing in their response, and I just want to thank them for the hard work and dedication to keep serving our customers and running our company. Well. Thank you.
Pat Dugan: No, I think the one thing I would point out is that when the – when you kind of look at our information though as it becomes available, the mix of aftermarket versus OE that the decline is much more significant in the OE side kind of quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. You see that it’s really being impacted by the disruption in the industry, in the market. And so I think to get to your question of where and how those recoveries, I think the recovery is going to be in both segments, I think you are going to see it coming back to more typical mix of businesses as the year goes along.
Pat Dugan: Yes, just want to be careful about guidance this quarter and everything. But I think you see sort of a kind of a steady sequential improvement as we go through the rest of the year.
Pat Dugan: Yes. And as for the allocation, I think it’s obviously, one of the most challenging times and we want to make sure that we focus on debt repayment and then get into other uses of capital. I don’t think – I think it’s too early to really be talking about anything aggressive or we want to – but we want to remain opportunistic and that’s the way we have approached this. We are generating cash, we are meeting our goals and then we are using it to get our debt in the right kind of ratio range as we have always talked about and be opportunistic for all the other things we can do.
Pat Dugan: North America back to the international, I mean, what we see is that North America, we have seen these big impact from parking. Now, if you look at the active fleet today, Wabtec locomotives really represent the majority of the fleet that is running today. So this is an effect that is mitigating with high parking number. And the locomotives that are running are running really hard. So in terms of megawatt hour miles per locomotive we have really seen a strong increase, together with the implementation of precision scheduled railroading So which is one thing that is accelerating scheduled maintenance, that is putting more focus on reliability and which is good for services international Rafael discussed it. I mean, Australia is strong, Brazil is strong Kazakhstan, Egypt, many of our big international markets have remained strong. And in terms of in terms of mods with the great work that our supply chain team has been doing to keep our factories open, we have been able to stick to our delivery schedules, and to have a strong quarter as well. So these are really the three building blocks that that can explain this performance, I would say.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I mean, you – you have MSAs that are out there depending on the customer and the fleet and their own decision. There might be a contract agreement that’s in place. But you could also have customers be doing some of the maintenance on their own with just our parts or somewhere in the middle, it’s really – it’s not something as you can kind of paint broad-brush over everybody, it can be a little bit different. And that’s why I always go back to the kind of the mixer of the service revenue for the product line.
Pat Dugan: Yes, I would just add – I mean just as like a rule of thumb or something that just to consider. I mean, a lot of our especially in the freight side, our contracts are backed with bank guarantees and other financing that’s in place. And when you get on the transit side, especially on the OE markets, where you have the big backlog, those are typically supported with government funding. And often that funding has been in place for years and because they – because the contract was awarded years ago. So, that’s just kind of a thing to consider.
Pat Dugan: Yes. So the seasonality we kind of find that to be a little bit challenging and a little bit, not typical year to year when you would consider all that we have gone through the easy one to point to is the timing of some of our freight services business, we would see a lot of strength of that in the in the third quarter. And then in the my earlier remarks prior March, I kind of mentioned that we see some of that edging out into the fourth quarter. And I think that that’s, from what we can tell what our customers we think that that’s going to have an impact. I think you also look at that was always a kind of a positive seasonality in Q3 you also had some negative impact of shutdowns and plant slowdowns in the in the summer months in Q3. We are seeing that being a little bit moderated. So I think that the expectation for us in Q3. getting back to normal and next year. and I your point about, about kind of revenue growth outpacing the earnings growth. I think that’s a little bit related to the sales mix timing, we, we certainly will see some kind of return to normal and some of our engineering costs and, SG&A being, more consistent with the higher revenues. And I think that will have an impact on our margins a little bit in the second half of the year. 
Pat Dugan: Well, I think you got a, obviously consider the impact of net income In lower volumes on the cash flow, but, the areas of confidence in cash flow and opportunities to do better, really starts with the ability to work with our working capital to reduce our working capital with a lower volumes, turn that into a source of cash, obviously, the cash, the cost savings initiatives that we put in place. And, we continue to execute on some of the tools, the balance sheet tools and the supply chain tools that we replaced from exiting the GE transaction. So all those things I think lead to a lot of confidence in our cash flow generation for the rest of the year.
Pascal Schweitzer: Look, you want to think about I just want to be a little careful, I don’t think we’ve kind of broken out like each of the, the component, the product line revenue into its backlog and everything. Obviously, we talk in general about the revenue mix in the services, as about half of it comes under the MSA agreements, which is an element of both kind of labor service and parts and other activity. You have mods in there and you have part sales in there. So those are those are basically the rule of thumb that we have been talking about in terms of how to look at that, that product line revenue. And I think the orders that we have come in, kind of hold with that with that mix. It is not absolute every quarter but when you look over a longer period, a year or more, you are going to see your order intake be pretty consistent with that mix of revenue.
Pascal Schweitzer: Yes. To look, I mean, internationally, we can pretty often without the proper service we both end up with a brand new fleet of locomotives that is stranded after a few years only we really try to stay close, we have our customers over the entire life of the – over the entire life of the locomotive. We have more than 160 service locations all around the world. So, adding local presence and being able to bring engineering support whether physically or with remote diagnostics is having keeping parts locally is really important for us internationally. 
Pascal Schweitzer: No, I mean, number one, I think if you look at the service number for the quarter, it was not 100% a mod story, right? As we explained, we had a difficult situation in North America due to parking. However, a big portion of our fleet kept running internationally. We saw some strong performance. And then we had a strong mod quarter in terms of deliveries. Now looking forward for mods, I mean, we believe that this is a big opportunity for the railroads, which is fully in line with their strategy, as Rafael said around longer trains, more reliable trains, better economic performance, we have analyzed the fleet in a lot of detail and we have the opportunity to deliver big outcomes and to our customers. So, we are talking about 50% increase in power eligibility, reliability improvement by more than 50%, 10% fuel efficiency improvement, the addition of all our suite of digital solutions, Trip Optimizer, LOCOTROL, LXA. And all this, when you combine it together we believe that this is turning into a very attractive investment proposition for the railroad. Now for them in the end it’s a question of capital allocation and they decide. I mean we will count to show them the value of our product and we believe that there is a big opportunity to create value for the railroads and for Wabtec at the same time. You can and you will see big swings between mods and so what I’ll call new locomotive volumes quarter-over-quarter. Just keep in mind, the same facilities, they are doing the mods or doing the new units and of course, we tend to profile those to make sure mean we are driving good productivity at our plants. So, there could be some significant changes on quarter-over-quarter numbers. I think the seasonality – the seasonality effect is important and you have mods, you have service, you have scheduled, you have unscheduled maintenance, you have the overall profile. There is a seasonality impact and then you will see some ups and downs there.
