Albert J. Neupaver: Okay, thanks a lot, Alvaro. Once again, the company's performing well, with good margin performance and the backlog at near record levels. We are anticipating another record year. We raised our EPS guidance to $3 to $3.04, on revenue growth of about 8%. We remain extremely pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. As countries around the world continues to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure, we continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools and the foundation we need to generate cash and reduce cost. With our experienced management team and dedicated workforce, we're able to take advantage of our growth opportunities and respond to any changes in market conditions. With that we'd be more than happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think, when you look at the backlog, I think, here's 2 things that you have to understand. First of all is that we never get a lot of visibility in the freight markets. And we do have long-term visibility in the transit markets. And as Ray said in his prepared remarks, we're seeing stability in the transit markets around the world. We're growing in the market share area, but it is a stable situation. We really expect the freight markets to continue to improve. If you compare the freight markets to where they were last year and you look at it quarter-to-quarter, we were short in the first quarters to tougher comparisons. Now we're actually seeing more growth in the freight area. We expect to see that in the future. And that won't be reflected in as much into the backlog. We just don't have the visibility that we have in the transit market. So I wouldn't agree that it needs -- the revenue is flattened off. But I think, if you look year-on-year, 2012 to 2013, most of our growth has been from the acquisition area and not from internal growth. Now there was a slight change in that this quarter. We actually grew -- it was 75%, 77% through acquisitions. But we did see some internal growth, which is a good positive trend, considering the fact that the third quarter -- the seasonality in the third quarter has always been somewhat lower than the second and fourth quarter. I just want to point that out. So when you look at the backlog, I think there's a lot of factors that go into it, and hopefully, that answers your question.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it will. Because as you know, I mean, the tank car capacity is at its limit. They're able to make, I don't know -- 7,500. And that's the deliveries you're seeing every quarter from them. And so we get covered hoppers and orders in other areas. I think that you'll find that they'll be able to deplete that portion of the backlog a lot quicker. I think, right now, if you look tank cars, you got about 8 quarters at the current rate.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's hard to call right now. I think that we -- as we said earlier, we expected it to continue to increase throughout the year. There's obviously a lot of work that's going on. We really haven't really given any guidance yet on 2014 and what we see. Those are some things that we're working on now as we go through our budgeting process. Hopefully, we can speak to that a little better when we give guidance for 2014. We do expect it to continue to pick up. The good news in the PTC area is that I think right now, we have 2 of the railroads that are in the field testing. And we expect the other 2 major railroads to start that in the near future. And that in itself creates a demand. So that would be a positive. I think, that if we look into '14, it's just hard to call. I think, there's a lot of moving parts, there's a lot of discussion around any delay or no delay. And the railroads have a lot of options that they have to consider when they're trying to allocate their capital spend.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, I'm going to ask Ray to talk about the large opportunity that exists there. But I want to point out, when you talk about a large investment in South Africa, there's 2 things you have to take into consideration. Nothing happens overnight, and the investment is an investment over next 20 years. So there's large numbers going around. But it's not all going to be shipped or handled in very short period of time. And to get a order through the process down there, it's bureaucracy at its worst.
Albert J. Neupaver: See the international markets, I think to be honest, they come and go. Brazil, definitely slowed down a little bit on their export activity to China. You're starting to see signs of it in Australia. But then again, this morning, there was a report that -- and I forget exactly what it was, but the Chinese -- actually industrial output rose significantly which people are saying, "No, no, no. Geez, no, don't discount China. China is going to be very steady." And there's going to be a consistent need for their products. We've seen, I guess, the best way to describe it is we've seen a little softening and it's impacted our results a little bit. But it hasn't had a major dramatic impact.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think, there were lot of projects, Allison, that were in the works. And what we're seeing now, they haven't taken projects off the table, but they delayed implementation a little bit on new projects. And I think, that's the concern [ph] area that we just want to identify for you.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think what we're doing a great job of blocking and tackling. But when it comes to the larger contracts, it's an area where we need better match of cash flow. There's no question about it, and we intend to get better in that area.
Albert J. Neupaver: And what we're doing is, we're helping, we're assisting the operations with our key people right now. And I think, the project as we see now it will be fully complete within the next 12 to 15 months. And to take on a project -- a turnkey project to put in an entire signaling system is something that we've never done before. And to implement it the way that our team has, I can only compliment our management team that has worked on it. It's been a -- it's going to -- been a great project so far. We'd like to see the cash flow a little better with it, as we stated. But I think the project itself has been a success and I think the customer would agree with that.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, they have not. And there is a good -- there's a good -- I think that's a good example when we talk about the impact of China. They, right now, are reviewing whether -- what's the timing of that second option. How can they get some of the benefits without fully implementing that option. Because I think, Brazil, like Australia and other parts of the world are saying, "What is going to be the demand?" And it has lot to do with -- the demand ties into the pricing of iron ore and pricing of coal. And so, that's a good example of one of those areas where it's going to happen. It's there. But they have not executed that yet.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think that if you take a look at what we've shipped in the PTC area right now, about 60% of that has been in the U.S. freight markets. About, maybe a little less than 20% in transit and maybe a little more than 20% in international, which really is tied to Australia and there are some projects over there. We have small one and the MRS project. As we said, we think that PTC sales will continue to grow into the fourth quarter and we really haven't given any guidance beyond that. Our original goal of 15 -- 10% to 15% growth in the year, still possible. But we'll see what happens in the fourth quarter. Again, the railroads, this is a big capital expense for them and they have to make the right decision whether they delay putting some of those onboard computers on or not. I can tell you that all the projects and everything is moving ahead forward. Some of the capital expenditure, it's tough to call within a quarter or the next quarter right now.
Albert J. Neupaver: Like any negotiation, we wanted to indicate that we're targeting that market. It's a large freight market. We're working with partners. However, it takes time. Every little sentence needs to be read, understood and the contract needs to be understood. And this is a new market for us where we want to be very careful. We want to protect our intellectual property. And we want to take advantage of the market. And so, it's just going to take time. We just wanted let you know that we've made a good conscious decision. It's one of our strategic initiatives that we want to grow in that market area.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I -- first of all, I don't believe it's a wildcard, Art, at all. I think that the plan is an incremental plan. It's going to require and what we will see is all those areas. We'll see transit continue to develop. We'll see the U.S. freight market continue to develop and we'll see other international projects. MRS will continue to develop as well as others. This is a long-term business as we've told you. And we're pretty excited about the opportunity. I don't think there's wildcards or any kind of mystery to it. We just haven't provided the 2014 guidance. And I don't think it's right to give it on this particular call.
Albert J. Neupaver: I don't anticipate a lot. I know, we really don't anticipate a lot of volatility with it. We think that the railroads are going to continue to develop. We think that the transit authorities that we're working with will be moving their programs along. I think, it's a great positive story that will continue.
Albert J. Neupaver: They sure are doing a lot of work without funding. If that's the case, we've got a number of projects going on and there's 20-plus agencies. I can't name more than a couple, but is in very serious discussions or negotiations on the contract at this point.
Albert J. Neupaver: No. I think, that we've been extremely happy with our acquisition strategy. And as we've always stated, we're going to continue to be opportunistic. I think the real beauty of Wabtec and its acquisition strategy is that we have the capability of doing a super large one and we could continue doing small ones. I don't feel that there's a driving need that we've got change the strategy. Obviously, as you grow, when you want to maintain double digits growth, an acquisition makes up about half the -- our anticipated growth into the future from our strategic planning process. You may have to do more or you may have to look at bigger ones but, again, we're just going to be opportunistic. We never feel that we have to do an acquisition. And we'll continue to approach it that way. What we're seeing in our pipeline is opportunities across the board. We also -- we want to stick pretty close to our core competencies. We're not about to go out and start another leg. We really like the rail business. We do not want to get our management distracted. They know how to deal in the rail businesses. If there's businesses that are close to the core technologies and the capabilities we have. A good example is that Longwood has some other markets as did Napier and Turbonetics. All those are businesses and technology that we understand in the markets we understand. If we continue to find those kind of opportunities, we'll continue to grow in those areas.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that we've proven that we've been able to grow through acquisitions. I think that people asked what are some of the concerns you have. I think anyone that doesn't put at the top of their list as far as the concerns, is making sure that you have to management talent and the capabilities to absorb those things. When we look at acquisitions, one of the key criteria is that they have good management and that management is capable to come along. If we don't feel that we have the management team to do it, we're not going to do it. That's part of that discipline that we talk about. One thing that you have to realize when you do go bigger and if you did that one opportunistic thing, it will distract your management. The bigger the businesses are, sometimes the tougher the cultural change is and it may take longer. So you have to really gauge how strong your management team, how strong your company is to take these on. And you have to be opportunistic. But there's times when you may want one that you don't go after because management is not there to run it.
Albert J. Neupaver: We gave you, I think, that in the announcement for -- obviously, Turbonetics was done before, so that's been in the guidance. But the revenue related to Longwood, when you look at the fourth quarter, I think, that we're talking about the...
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. $15 million to $17 million. So it's not going to make up a large part of that. So the rest would become internal growth.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think what you're seeing -- any increases in the first 12 months, over -- close to 90% of our freight backlog has been shipped out in the first 12 months. So what you are seeing is an uptick in that marketplace. And it's reflected in the sales.
Albert J. Neupaver: As we do with everything, margin improvement, how we run our business, everything is incremental. And it's just going to be an incremental thing. There's no one big breakthrough that's going to be a watershed event that says that we have arrived. We will have arrived over time on an incremental basis. And that's how we approach that market and the rest of our business.
Albert J. Neupaver: Generally, when we see commodities move, it doesn't create a tremendous opportunity for us although it's an indication that we got to be careful. Because we tend to put the commodities on a surcharge basis. So there's an automatic price increase related to our commodities. I think it's a very important practice and that discipline is so critical when things change rapidly. So in general, pricing is still difficult. To say it's easy, I'd be misleading you. But we do have pricing opportunities and we are seeing some costs up. I think right after this meeting, we're going to be looking at our health care costs and I reviewed those numbers. I don't believe that this new Affordable Care is a negative. I mean, a positive. It's definitely a negative as far as costs. So those things we have to overcome.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think it's nicely moving along. It takes a long time when you're dealing with municipalities and we're not the only one that's negotiating. There may be a prime engineering firm that we're working with. So you got 2 or 3 firms that need to agree to everything. It just takes time. But that doesn't prevent us from starting the work and the design and engineering work with them. And it comes in phases. We just don't like to announce anything until we've got a signed contract. And as you know, contract management in a business like ours is just so important. And so I think it's moving along pretty well. There's going to be a lot of work that needs to done in the transit area. I think a number of agencies, Metrolink out in L.A. is moving along well. San Diego project now and there's others, the Denver project, and that's a whole new line -- a railroad line. And that's moving along real well. So I think the others hopefully stay tuned. We'll give you the information as soon as we can.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I think, very little aftermarket. There are some -- we would classify a lot of this in aftermarket. Because if you put something on in an old train, and also, installation, training costs and things like that. But the installed base aftermarket generation, we're still in the development phase of the technology, especially in our operate-ability [ph]. Now you go to a system like Metrolink, they're talking about having an operating system in a short period of time or even our MRS project, where we're the prime contractor. I mean, we already need to be talking about the aftermarket and we should see revenues generated from that here in the near future. So it's starting, but it isn't a major factor up to this point.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think 10% of an installed basis is just a thumb rule. We think that when you get into software and electronics, it may be a little higher than that. But that's a good thumb rule.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. We'll know more of that as we get into '14 and look at the global economy and how things are going. But I would think that the MRS project will probably be completed late '14, early '15.
Albert J. Neupaver: We're excited about the opportunity. We're definitely going to be very aggressive in trying to participate as far as the amount of revenue that would be generated in, say, the near term to '14. We haven't quantified that, at least to the point where we would discuss that. Hopefully, when we do give the '14 guidance, we'd give you a little more color on that at that time.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. One of the things -- the market is 5x the size of the U.S. But some of that market is aftermarket. So you need the installed base. The other thing that you'll find is the markets are stable. So larger projects right now -- not seeing as many as you saw 2 or 3 years ago. So hopefully, as the global economy continues to improve, it's going to be a lot more projects. We haven't seen large ones. We've seen a lot of small ones, a few of which we've won. So we're making progress.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right, I was going to say, I think, we're booked in tank cars through 2015, but they do have capacity in the other areas. So you would expect that capacity to be filled as other orders start to come in. I think you're absolutely right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: To be honest, I think, we can get -- I haven't seen improvement in that number. I've actually seen a degradation in that number. And that's one of the things that internally we're really focusing on. I touched about it a little bit in the prepared remarks. But basically, one of the things that I'm just trying to be frank, is we could have done better is on our long-term contracts. We could have matched our cash outlays to the anticipated receipts much better. And as a result, we've had a buildup in receivables associated with those contracts. One of the things we're going to try and do is stress collection efforts to get those receivables more in line to where they should be. And in the future, make sure that we match them up better. That's an area we can definitely improve on, and we're not happy with where we are right now.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And I just want to emphasize a couple of things. But one, it's a huge market. In terms of market size, you can almost say it's big as the U.S. in certain respects, and a little bit smaller in others. But it's a big market and we just want to enter it carefully and do it properly for the long term.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And actually if I can a couple of things, Arthur. This is Alvaro. The first is, as I think everybody knows we operate the company pretty thriftly. I mean we don't have a lot of people sitting around, looking for work to do. And when you operate like that, you don't necessarily have a lot of excess talent. But again, we haven't found that to be a constraint. Because we have the acquisition has good internal management, or we can go out and get it. And I think we've been very successful, one, in getting good management; and two, having a good leadership development process and succession strategy so we're not caught short. And the second point is, I think, we found -- to be honest, I think it makes common sense, the larger the acquisition, the better the management. What we found is, with some of the smaller ones, geez, you may have an owner who's retiring and he takes a lot of the knowledge with him and how do you replace that? But a larger acquisition, typically the company is better run; has audited financial statements; it has bank financing; it has to provide reports; and it has much more capable management. So in terms of acquisition size, I don't think we'll be constrained at all from doing a larger one because typically they do have better management. And if not, we know how to go out and get good management. So to be honest I don't see that as a constraint at all.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: And in terms of EBIT earnings, Sam, basically what happens -- we've discussed this in the past, about what happens is the accountants make you write up their backlog and their inventory on hand basically the net realizable value. So what happens is your first quarter or 2 out of the box with any acquisition, as you turn over that first layer of inventories, you work through the backlog. Basically, they take all the profit out of it. We call that PPA or purchase price adjustment internally, just for shorthand. And after a couple of quarters, typically 2 or 3 quarters, it works its way through and you resume normal profitability. But in terms of EBIT, I would expect any benefit would be minimal in the next couple of quarters from the acquisitions.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: But to emphasize what Al said, is the freight backlog, it's about 433 in the next 12 months out of a total of 512. So typically, the freight visibility, and Al alluded to do this as well, is about 12 to 18 months. After that, you don't have too many freight orders.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: One last point. Because basically to give credit to the crack team here, Pat produces the numbers and Tim has them there ready at hand. Acquisitions only added about $8 million to the freight backlog when compared to last month. So like I said, what you're seeing there is pretty much organic.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: See, that -- it's a good question. But unfortunately, it's a tough one to answer because -- overall contribution margins are 30% and obviously, relatively easy to calculate. What happens is, in aftermarket is you have different segments in which, to be honest, have different contribution margins. Typically, when you're selling proprietary parts, you have a much higher contribution margin. When you're selling services and labor, the contribution margin tends to be a little bit lower. But again, all that's lumped into aftermarket. And we don't do a contribution margin calculation by segment. But in general, the aftermarket contribution margins would be healthy. Freight OE contribution margins are very healthy; transit, it depends on which element of transit you're talking about.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Let's see, because in the current quarter, it was pretty stable with last year. And obviously, like you said before, it's impacted by acquisitions. Right now, it's at about 4. I think, going forward, slightly bigger because we did make 2 acquisitions pretty recently. I'd use about 4.5, Greg. It's not a big number. It'll get lost -- the changes almost get lost in the rounding. But I would make it somewhere around there.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: We just -- we'd rather just wait until we issue the Q for the reasons we stated before. Until it's filed, nothing is final, so we'd rather wait until they're final before we give any preliminary indication.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Right. Sure. We took a charge for -- and it was larger, it was large amount. So we just wanted to highlight it. Some people were aware of it. But in -- with a couple of our locomotive contracts, there was a delay in the scheduled delivery which caused some damages. So we went ahead and accrued those in the current quarter.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I'm not sure when they'll be delivered, but we've taken care of the damages accrual. And they will show up in revenue when delivered. One of the key elements of the revenue though is that on these large locomotive contracts you're recognizing revenues with percentage of completion. So as you deliver, you're not going to get this huge bump up in revenue. You recognize the revenue pro rata as you do the work and as you go along.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes, I think, the reason you keep hearing about South Africa is because of the process that Al just explained. It takes a long time for anything to come to fruition. But there is planning in place and funding in place to upgrade their overall transportation network. And in particular, on the locomotive side, there are -- there was an initial order that it's already been let for 95 electric locomotives. We've won the brake system contract for that. The Chinese are supplying the locomotives; we're supplying the brakes. There'll be a follow-on order of a purported 599 electric locomotives. Obviously, that's not been let yet, that's in the process of coming to market. They will be bid on by international locomotive builders. Additionally, South African government has communicated that they'll to go out for 465 diesel electric locomotives. Again, international locomotives builders will bid on that, like GE, the Chinese, the Europeans. We will bid to those locomotive builders for various components and subsystems. And on a transit side, there's already been announced a large order of thousands of transit vehicles. And the reason, I don't want to be specific about the number is because it's going to be let in options, so the initial order will probably be for around 600.They've talked about numbers from 3,000, 6,000, 8,000 over a 20-year period. But that's going to take place over the long term. But ALSTOM does have the initial order. We, along with our competitors, have bid to ALSTOM for subsystems on those vehicles. ALSTOM has not awarded the subsystems yet. So we can't talk about in any detail the specifics of that process.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. ECP is still very much strategic focus for us. We're pursuing both national, domestic and international opportunities. For instance, we have a nice installed base market share in Australia. There's other opportunities that are coming up in Australia, just like the ones we talked about in South Africa for various products. BHP is out with a bid for ECP in other associated electronics equipment. So, Greg, we're looking at all opportunities for ECP and pursuing those and I think we're pretty happy with our progress in that area, but we're trying to grow our market share worldwide also.
Raymond T. Betler: State, federal funding, it's -- you have a mix between local, federal funding. In some cases, like in Europe, you'll have European Commission funding, but the same bureaucratic process in the transit side.
Matthew S. Brooklier: So I just wanted to follow up, another PTC question for you, if you will. But trying to get a sense for -- we're in our third year of PTC work, I was just curious to hear if you have a sense for how much of PTC revenue currently is being generated by aftermarket activity.
Matthew S. Brooklier: Okay. So -- but it does sound like at some point, that potentially does start to turn on in '14. And could start to contribute to I guess overall EBITDA margins.
Matthew S. Brooklier: Okay. And the prior guidance that you had provided, longer term in terms of aftermarket as a percentage of total sales, and I know this is just the overall for the company. But is 10%, still a good number to use for PTC, moving forward.
Matthew S. Brooklier: Okay. And then on the MRS side, with the PTC contract, when are you through the entirety of that particular contract? I think at some point in '14, and then when do we have some potential clarity as to whether or not that -- I think it's an $80 million option, could be potentially executed.
Matthew S. Brooklier: Okay. And then, you outlined a pretty sizable amount of potential activity within the South African rail market. I think it's over 1,000 locomotives that will be built. Just trying to get a sense for I guess potential contract awards, the timing of those. I know there's -- you mentioned before there's a decent amount of bureaucracy, as you move to get -- be involved in those contracts. But I'm just curious to hear as to the timing of potential contract awards on those locomotives and also the, I think, the transit vehicles that you mentioned.
Matthew S. Brooklier: Okay. But I mean, you've been in negotiations. It sounds like for almost 2 years at this point. So potentially, we're getting a little bit closer towards the end of that process. And then we could...
Gregory W. Halter: One for you on amortization. It bounces around a little bit, obviously, the second quarter. I'm sure it's related to the M&A work and so forth. But what number is probably good to use going forward? I think we're using 5 but it seems like it should be closer to 4.
Gregory W. Halter: Okay. And how much of your business now would you say is outside of rail? I think we've been saying it's like 15%.
Gregory W. Halter: And there's been no discussion of the ECP and just wondering if you could comment on what's going on there.
Gregory W. Halter: All right. And one last one for you, I think, Alvaro, you mentioned that there were some delivery delays in your comments. Could you couch those...
