Ray Betler: Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everyone. It's good to talk with you today. I am happy to report we exceeded slightly our financial targets in second quarter and our now comfortable increasing our guidance for the year to revenues of about $4.2 billion and adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.85. In the second quarter, we saw a year-on-year revenue growth in both our segments for the third quarter in a row. Even with strong revenue growth this year adjusting for changes in FX, our backlog is at a record high as we have won new business in most of our major product lines around the world. As we focus on our short-term performance, we are also pleased to be able continue to invest in our long-term growth opportunities including of course our planned merger with GE Transportation, which we will talk more about during today's call. So, first I would like to turn it over Pat to review the second quarter numbers.
Ray Betler: Thanks Pat. That's a lot of numbers to go through and a lot of work you accomplished since last quarter. So thank you John Mastalerz and your entire team for the work that you have done. As I mentioned previously, we increased our guidance for the year based on our first quarter-- first half performance in our outlook for the rest of the year. We now expect full year revenues of about $4.2 billion with adjusted earnings per diluted share of about $3.85 excluding cost related to the GE merger restructuring charges and the effects of tax law changes. Compared to 2017, this would represent revenue growth of about 8% and adjusted EPS growth of about 12%. We expect to generate cash from operations in excess of net income for the year. Our key assumptions include the following. Revenue growth in both segments, our adjusted operating margin targets for the year is about 13.5% as mentioned by Pat we should see improvement throughout the rest of the year. Our adjusted tax rate is expected to be about 24% for the year, and we are assuming diluted shares outstanding of about $96 million for EPS calculation purposes. Before I turn it over to Stephane to discuss the transit and freight operating segments, I would like to give you just an update on the merger with GE Transportation. I've been calling this opportunity once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I truly believe that it is. We are excited by both the short-term and the long-term opportunity it presents. The combination will make Wabtec a Fortune 500 company. We will be a global transportation leader in rail equipment, in software and services with operations in more than 50 countries around the world. Financially, GE Transportation has continued to perform as expected this year and is confident about its outlook for 2019. In the second quarter, the company had revenues of $942 million; that's an 8% improvement versus first quarter and a segment profit of a $155 million which is up 20% versus first quarter. The company has booked orders of $4.7 billion in the last three quarters including $1.1 billion in the second quarter. Year-to-date its orders are up 44% compared to prior year. Across the industry, product locomotives continue to improve ending the quarter down of about 31% since last year. We still expect the GE Transportation transaction to be completed in early 2019 subject to customary closing conditions, approval by Wabtec shareholders and regulatory approval. As expected, both Wabtec and GE have received a request for additional information from the US Department of Justice as part of the regulatory review process and we are cooperating fully with the DOJ as it reviews the proposed transaction. So let's talk about the compelling strategic rationale for the merger. After closing, we will be a diversified global leader in transportation and logistics. We are combining Wabtec's freight and transit components with General Electric Transportation's locomotive manufacturing and service capabilities. From our discussion so far, we see a strong cultural fit that should enable a seamless integration. Our combined electronics and digital businesses and technologies can lead to autonomous operations. Wabtec will be positioned to meet the growing demand for train intelligence and network optimization. We will benefit from recurring revenue in a high-margin aftermarket and service sectors. Complementary global customer relationships will drive a substantial cross-selling opportunity and help dampen cyclicality. Our pro forma financials are compelling especially at this attractive stage in the cycle. Our combination will afford a significant skill, rapid growth trajectory, superior margins and strong free cash flow. General Electric Transportation is well-positioned as the industry recovers with a backlog of $18 billion and robust orders. The significant operating synergy potential impacts benefit drive values creation approximately $250 million of anticipated run rate synergies driven mainly by cost reduction opportunities, and a net tax benefit of about $1.1 billion. We will have a strong free cash flow profile that will enable us to rapidly de-lever. We remain committed to retaining our investment grade ratings and our dividend and with that I will turn it over to Stephane.
Ray Betler: Justin, we took as you know adjustment last year for about $250 million, I think it was second quarter in revenue one-- a lot of that was associated with overhaul-- locomotive overhaul-- the locomotive overhaul business is coming back slow. We are in the process bidding some small-- smaller projects, but there's been nothing significant in terms of new opportunities in the market to date.
Ray Betler: So Allison it may be since Justin and Scott and you all have some margins, so let me just take a minute to talk about the margins in transit gain. To remind you, we went through this wedding process to re-baseline our total project portfolio when Faiveley and Wabtec businesses were put together. We explained it-- we sis identify some significant project issues and adjustments that we had to make in our project portfolio, and we also communicated later in the year that a lot of our focus was on projects in the UK which were weaker overhaul projects that were three, four, five years in nature, and are coming to a close. So some of those, the biggest one will come to close at the end of this year and then the beginning of next year through mid year, the second largest. So, those projects are starting to be completed. They are starting to be replaced with backlog revenue with higher margins although the transit project margins historically are lower than other projects, other projects like in freight or in electronics. So what we have done is to focus on those projects, focus on opportunities, and project by project to do monthly reviews and incrementally improve the projects. Secondly, on a portfolio basis, we have tried to focus on other margin improvement opportunities and Stephane has put together a corporate-wide margin improvement program at the request of the board and that was reviewed this last week. We had our board meeting, July Board Meeting. And so there’s other initiatives that are being taken across our total business, some are related to customer project, some are related to pure operating production activity, some are relating to elimination of one time issues. And others are relating to what we would traditionally call continuous improvement in our lead. So there’s a lot of sensitivity in progress internally on margin improvement, I want you folks to understand that, it’s not an issue that we -- we’re taking lightly or cavalier about the position we’re in relative to the deterioration at transit margins. So it’s a very serious thing for us. We’re addressing it, and we’re addressing it both at the transit level as well as the overall corporate level.
Ray Betler: Yes. So it's come up Matt obviously in our discussions, we've talked with all the customers, we've also talked to the progress, chat folks about supply agreements and long term relationships. So the customers are certainly sensitive about the competitive environment. And I think we've tried to reassure them that our plan is to support both current customers long term into the future GE as well as at Cat EMD. And we're willing to commit to long-term supply agreements to demonstrate that.
Ray Betler: Yes, I feel pretty good about our opportunities going forward Matt, we're --we try to be conservative and at the same time responsible about our projections but I think that trends in market are very positive right now, and if they continue there’s certainly a lot of things that could impact them, crazy politics and the other things that are going on all around the world. It's hard to analyze what the impact of tariffs and all the other things may have on our economy, but economy is right now strong. And we're anticipating it's going to continue to be that way. And we think there's upside opportunity there.
Ray Betler: One second Saree, as far as the growth drivers go certainly the new car builds and the cars being depleted in storage both on a freight side, the locomotive side, the aftermarket, sales being up in a repair centers, those are some of the drivers, commodities, gas prices again are all trended in the right way the coal situation in the eastern railroads, all were in our favor. So those are some of the drivers.
Ray Betler: Another thing Saree was just keep in mind in freight we reported PTC, so don't forget the regulatory requirement at the end of the year for deployment then there's a big push by the FRA and the federal government to make sure that six of railroads not just the class ones but all roads that are complied. So that's another big driver.
Ray Betler: No there's no overlap with the trip optimizer and as far as the combination goes, there's I think I mentioned in the last call, if you superimpose our product roadmap over theirs or vice versa, there's a lot of complementary product and technologies that the combined business will be able to leverage. So I think in terms of our opportunities going forward they're pretty significant in terms of being able to hopefully reduce R&D costs. And at the same time get to market faster with competitive product. And we do not - we're not communicating that autonomous, it’s a one step process, it's a multi-step process that we think will go through a phased approaches with maybe a reduction of one driver or one attendant in the cab, something like that. So I think in terms of technology evolution the opportunities are very significant.
Ray Betler: So that business to large extent the PTC Hardware net business is relatively small but the project-based business is relatively large. So we have a pretty significant portfolio of projects that we're executing right now, we actually have about 20 projects in total at various stages of completion. And for the most part the margins are good.
Ray Betler: So I think the international front is also improving for the most part but it's I think a lot slower, Liam, than what we see here, you know, in some countries like China for three years there were now new freight cars being produced. They are at about-- running at about 40,000 a year right now, while India’s started to pick up slightly, Australia's come back. So they're, they're picking up around the world but slower but in Brazil, it looked like it was picking up and dropped again. So well, I think that's a reflection of the economy, it will come back there I believe but the overall growth is much slower the impact in North America.
Ray Betler: The one area we did get a little bit of a lift was in PTC because these railroads are trying to finish deployment. And we did see a little bit of hardware pull forward to do that, we had anticipated in Q3, so we're obviously going to watch how that involves through the rest of the year.
Ray Betler: And so well at the Investor Conference, we talked about a goal 1% improvement year-on-year, on the bottom-line and that's our goal. And I think that with a lot of diligence cost reductions focus on the bottom-line we'll be able to achieve that, it takes a while in that business because of the long term nature of projects, but that's why the focus on the cost is so critical in addition to execution, another big impact is that we did jobs more effectively and if we don't take on jobs that we don't believe can perform, when we do take on jobs, we structured them properly in terms of financial structure when we do the bid. I think overall as far as where those margins can end up I think we talked about the margins will never be as high as strength in transit as in freight, but we think that if -- with good performance we could get the margin profile with the mix of aftermarket and an OEM up to about 15 %.
Ray Betler: No it's a -- what we can focus on short term will have the biggest impact its cost, process improvements will take much longer to have an impact, Steve, because these are running projects, we have hundreds if not thousands of projects that we are in the process of executing. So I think the process improvements are things that roll out over the course of our start period, the cost impacts will have more short-term impact.
Ray Betler: So as far as the projects that are going through, Scott, the largest project will be completed, it is scheduled to be completed by the end of this year, that's the largest project in the UK that we refer to several times over previous discussion. So there will be revenue with low margin next year, the overall portfolio of transit OEM projects as we discussed at Investor Day is, it is traditionally low. So our focus has got to be obviously in parallel with improving our project margins to improve our cost structure, to be able to get make the impact that we need to achieve our overall profitability.
Pat Dugan: So Justin, I guess, I don't we have really given individual transit freight segment guidance margins, but I think it's safe to say that when we look at the first half of the year for 2018, for the whole Wabtec that we have-- we have some pretty significant revenue that's flowing through the results with less than normal margins and that's really having a dampening effect on the overall margin and in particular it's really impacting transit. So, think that you could you-- when you look at your results that you would see us start these contracts-- these projects to run off and then we would get back to a more typical margin profile as you have seen in the past for Wabtec on the transit segment.
Pat Dugan: I think the guidance is contemplating the seasonality that we-- that we see with Q3 especially I guess it's more impactful than it has been in the past because so much work business is in Europe now. But we definitely have customers that go through shutdown and summer slowdowns and Q3 can really show revenue that is less than normal. So we have that contemplate in our results. But you know the other thing is that there is a certain amount of conservatism especially in the areas where the-- where the increases have been strong in freight.
Pat Dugan: Yes, well I think that we don't typically give any kind of guidance on margins especially going in the 2019, but I think you are right here, your feeling is that you are going to have an improving margin percentage that goes into the second half for the year, that's going to be driven by a couple of things, it's definitely expect to see some of these projects to wind down, and come out of our mix of revenue and then you also have-- and we have seen this especially in the past couple of years where our fourth quarter mix of sales can be a better-- better mix more profitable and that really contributes to an overall margin for the year and for our guidance.
Pat Dugan: I mean our goal is to continue to improve the margins every-- every quarter-- every year clearly mix is-- has an impact that you pointed out you know PTC and the strength of the freight market, but so our goal is to continue to improve.
Pat Dugan: So, there were -- if you go back to third or fourth quarter 2017, there were contract adjustments and really if you think about project accounting and project results you reduced your margins on a cumulative catch up, but you are now at a point where the revenues comes through at a zero margin and those projects are completed. You know what we have described in the past is that we-- these projects are-- they are in the UK and will-- probably the largest one essentially winds up in the late third quarter, and maybe stretching a little bit in the fourth quarter of 2018, and we have a couple that will also stretch into the first half of 2019.
Pat Dugan: Yes, it is not. We’ll be fine there, I don't think that's something that we could really talk well this is our new - speaking I think that we're getting a little ahead of ourselves, you know, we feel that we'll be able to supply the market extremely well, and we think we'll have a great product and a great team that's going to be able to deliver whatever is needed in the marketplace.
Pat Dugan: Yes. So in terms of freight aftermarket sales, first quarter to second quarter increased about 5% in the second quarter. And about the same over year, year-over-year quarter.
Pat Dugan: Yes. We don't break it down by freight and transit but I can tell you that for the company for consolidated PTC was about $71 million in the second quarter, signaling about $37 million. So combined that's about $109 million.
Pat Dugan: Well, there's two things you know, FX does impact our SG&A cost, so the absolute dollar number kind of comes up a little bit. You also have full quarter impact from acquisitions we would have done, but we're definitely with, with the higher growth of revenue that you know, we compared to previous years and quarters. We do have a little bit of extra cost and those are being reflected in the SG&A.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I think the PTC and signaling revenues are probably about higher about 10 % from what the original numbers were. So about 10% higher than last year.
Pat Dugan: Well I think yes, I think the answer is yes, I mean we specially see and in the years I've been here is that the some of the services business, the main entity, the refurbished products that we will do will definitely have seasonality. Just kind of off top my head, it’s usually France is the first fourth quarter, the strongest and second and next and the third the least. It's just it's not as it's because it's a smaller percentage of the overall revenue, it's just not as noticeable but there is freight impact on seasonality.
Pat Dugan: I don't think so. And I think if you look at the backlog, it's remained strong, you would kind of see it show up and reduced backlog so --
Pat Dugan: Yes, look at my sheet, it was $16 million for the quarter, and amortization was 10, yes, 16 and amortization was 10.
Pat Dugan: Well, so overall the plan is that we will -- we have to replace the bridge with permanent capital and the timing of that is still kind of to be determined. So kind of obviously we have the time line, but nothing that we can announce. And so the answer is there will be cost that will be incurred and as we progress on that plan.
Pat Dugan: Yes, Scott, I mean we don't usually give this split, I think that, I think you're just going to have to look at it, make some assumptions. Yes, we said the revenue - the guidance we gave was that the segments would grow in 2018 verses 2017 and that’s part of the revenue comment and operating or income from operations comment but we didn't give specific segment guidance for revenues.
