Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks a lot, Pat. Once again, we had a good earnings performance in the second quarter. We were especially pleased with our margin performance and cash generation. We continue to face challenging market conditions, so thus we updated our assumptions and our financial guidance for the year, with EPS now expected to be between $4 and $4.20, and revenues now expected to be down about 10%. In this environment, we will stay focused on what we could control, our future long-term growth opportunities, managing our costs and generating cash. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see, especially with the expected closing of the Faiveley Transport acquisition. With that, we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: And on a global basis, we are talking about 22,000 vehicles and as we close the Faiveley acquisition, we're going to be in a position to really help our rate of growth in the international arena. And we also are seeing a lot more activity in the Transit area. And, Ray, maybe you could add a bit to that about the growth opportunities you just see in Transit in general globally.
Albert J. Neupaver: And the other area of excitement or growth, as we look long-term, is the strength of our balance sheet, which – we are a proven acquirer, we find acquisitions, we do excellent due diligence, and those acquisitions we integrate. I think our track record in that area speaks for itself. So, you've got a lot of growth opportunities. Is the freight market and the commodity market is going to be under pressure going into 2017 and 2018? Without a doubt. And again, we really like to do is focus on what we can control, and that is investing in the long-term growth. Some of those – few areas that we just discussed, and we do that by reducing our costs, generating cash, and applying that cash in those areas.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the only uncertainty is related to the economy. I think, if the general economy picks up and we don't go into a worst situation or some type of recessionary period, that has a different impact on what will happen next year. As you could see, there's already talk of some of the stuff stabilizing, but it's way too early to predict that. So if the economy hangs up, you wouldn't expect the deep frog. If the economy starts to falter, the car build and the volume will continue to decrease. I think we are in a situation where the railroads are trying to redefine themselves on what they move and how they move it. And I think the economy plays an awful big role in that. So it's really hard to predict where – we have to look forward and anticipate sometimes the worst situation, and control the things we can.
Albert J. Neupaver: As part of the second phase or – in each case, the regulatory authorities take a look at where there might be overlaps in the business. And if there is an overlap, then they would ask if there'd be a remedy. I'm going to have to be very general in my answer, because we're still in that process, but those areas where we have had a discussion, I'll state again, they will have no material impact on our financial perspective, as it relates to the acquisition or our ongoing business.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. First of all, it's a timing issue. And we've said time and time again, the amount of money is going to have to be spend to implement PTC across the U.S. freight lines. And so, the money is going to be spend. It's a matter when it's actually spent, at least our portion. The first thing I want to reiterate is that the Class I railroads as well as the transit authorities continue to work extremely hard to get this implementation done by the 2018 period. And we said early in the year that they were assessing where they were going to put their expenditures in. Some of those areas where they've decided to change their expenditures for right now temporarily, are areas that impacted us. The one number that we've shared with you on an ongoing basis has been the PTC actual sales, and I think last quarter, we were talking about $85 million, and this quarter, it's $62 million. So, you have that kind of drop. If we look at signaling in total, there was only $85 million in total, so the signaling part added another $22 million or so to it. And when we talk about a 20% drop for the year, we're talking about PTC plus signaling. And signaling makes up probably, of the total amount, 20% to 25% of the total expenditures. If we just looked at PTC as we've traditionally categorized it, that would be down like 25%.
Albert J. Neupaver: I would think they would up next year. And we're not giving guidance of any sorts, but I think the amount of work that has to be done in the Transit area, as well as the area that's been completed on the Freight lines, additional spending will be required. The other thing that will happen – and when I talk up, I'm talking about PTC plus signaling, not just PTC. And what you are seeing is a lot more of interest and effort in trying to add on enhancements to the onboard computer that we've talked about time and time again.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I think the term I used was material, not material. It was – they're not material. And I think that financial people have a way of quantifying that, I'm not financial, so I won't quantify that, perhaps been sworn not to quantify, but we really can't give you a number, it's not material.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. What we say, let me try to explain that. If there were remedies, okay, those remedies would have to be in place, and we are saying that we should have clearance to proceed with the closing, after all the remedies have been satisfied. And we think it could take into the fourth quarter to satisfy what remedies that we're discussing right now. So if we could move those up, once we get clearance, we would close then. But we're realistically trying to put arms right on the getting clearance, before the end of the third quarter and closing in the fourth quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: But if we look at that opportunity based on what we know and if the regulations that are in place right now went forward, we would expect definitely $300 million to $400 million worth of business in the future, next three years, five years or so.
Albert J. Neupaver: We have about $216 million left on our authorization of $350 million, but nothing was purchased in the second quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. I think on the contrary, if you think about it, the train control business was down, which is a good margin business and aftermarket being down. So I think net-net, I think the group – Ray and his team did an excellent job of controlling cost and managing that margin. On the – we've always said that it's – our contribution margin on the way up is in the 20% to 22% range. And if we could manage to that level, then we're really controlling our cost and delivering. And we control – I think they controlled it to 18%. There the mix, I think went both ways. I really think that what you're seeing here is the impact of excellent execution for the quarter based on what they have, controlling the things that we can.
Albert J. Neupaver: We don't have an exact estimate. We think that long term this is a growth business for us. And our focus would – from a PTC standpoint, we would have aftermarket enhancements directly related to PTC. We're also looking at a much larger market which is, say, train control and signaling market that we want to participate in a much larger way. So that business segment will continue to grow well into the future, and be a major segment for Wabtec in years to come.
Albert J. Neupaver: And South Africa as well. Saudi Arabia has ordered. So I think ECP will – it will take off in this country, it's just a matter of, again, when.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. We really – one thing we continue to focus on is continuous improvement and obviously the gross margin. I think that we wouldn't expect the mix of business that we have now to change drastically. So I think one could probably be able to project some – similar to what we're doing.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. Not all of the savings was in SG&A. SG&A was just one of the areas that we worked on. I think there is – Liam, there is always a point where you couldn't (59:37) taken away the fat first and then the muscle and then we get to the bone. And we – what we try to do is we balance our approach because we're not going to jeopardize our long-term growth potentials to meet some kind of small short-term objectives. So I think there is a balance between the two, and I think that Ray and the team have done a good job in balancing that. We've got a lot more to do and a lot more areas that we could focus on to continue to expand those margins. We're not down to the bone, and we just want to state that we have no intent to go that far. So there is a limit, but we're not close to it.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. And if you look at revenue, Sam, that's about $1.05 (01:02:52) billion and a $1.05 (01:02:53) billion. I see net income not – if it's balanced, it's going to be about the same. So we don't have the restructuring or Faiveley cost in the projection.
Albert J. Neupaver: For the second half. It's in the first. So I think it's pretty much what we're seeing, other than we should see some seasonality in the third period – third quarter. We expect the year to basically be very similar first half, second half.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. When I look at the individual items in the group, there is nothing that stands, it's a little bit here, a little bit there, there's no big single items.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. We actually spent a good bit of time at the recent board meeting discussing that. I think, that right now it's a wait and see to what happens. We are not seeing any big difference in the business. What we are seeing is the impact of the exchange rate on translation. But we're not seeing any other impact from it. So we're very aware of areas that we need to focus on, and we'll continue to do that.
Albert J. Neupaver: If there was problems and they were unreliable, they sure as hell wouldn't be ordering them, but I don't know anything about what you said as far as the AAR and UP (01:07:18).
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah. They've spent about $6 billion to-date, and they have to spend at least another $4 billion. I think that number could escalate and as it draws (01:07:43) out over time. But to give you a few statistics, they have about 38% of their route miles completed. So they still got a long way to go on the route miles, only 63% of their locomotives are compliant. A little more than half of their employees are trained right now. Their track side equipment is probably the area they are further along, and they have over 80% of that equipment, and they have also done okay with the base station radios. But that's just the freight lines. When you look at the transit authorities, we're probably only 30%, 40% complete on what needs to be done, and we're still working with transit authorities that haven't even started the effort yet. So there is a lot of work, a lot of expenditures that are going to happen in the next two-and-a-half years, three years.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think the one thing that we focus on and we do it every year is, first of all, you look at businesses that may not be performing to your expectations, and those businesses are in – and executing contingency plans. I'll ask Ray to talk about his approach on the contingency plan. But there is different phases, there is Phase 1, Phase 2, and all the way along the line you're taking actions not just from cutting heads, but you're talking about an increase in activity related to Wabtec Performance System. You're taking as much aggressiveness as you can on the sourcing basis. You're looking for pricing opportunities, the cost of poor quality, something that Ray introduced. So maybe you could expand on some of those, Ray.
Albert J. Neupaver: And the other thing that we look at and an area that gets a tremendous amount of focus is because we're active on acquisitions, that's really a lot of margin improvement comes from that. And if you look forward we talk about our €40 million of synergies, it is synergies with Faiveley. And if you take a look at what we did with Fandstan and the margin improvement there and the focus, we're going to do the same thing where we'll be focusing on a number of areas that provide that market margin improvement going forward.
Justin Long: I know it's early to look into 2017, but from a high level, do you think there is potential for the business to grow organically next year? I think a lot of people are just trying to gauge, if 2016 is the bottom in terms of the organic revenue pressure you are seeing across your business and you are seeing in Freight, so I'd love to just get your thoughts on that.
Justin Long: Yeah. I think it did. It would be helpful to have what that number was back during the recession just to understand, in a down – like what the downside scenario is for the Freight aftermarket business. That's all I'm really trying to get at.
Justin Long: Fair enough. That makes sense. And last one, I'll just sneak in quickly. We've seen some volatility in the price of steel and some other raw materials. And maybe this is for Pat, could you just remind us how much of your raw material costs are passed through from surcharges? I'm just curious how much of an impact this could be having on your margins.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. So the spending, Justin, hasn't stopped in Transit. It's stronger in the U.S., North America, because it is long-term spending bill. So, incrementally, here it's stronger and orders are lumpy. As you know, they come in based on the funding, that's available in the long-term bid proposal process. But also around the world, the transit industry and the transit market continues to grow and we're going to be able to leverage now, through the Faiveley acquisition, in Europe, we'll be able to leverage the Asia Pacific region. There is a lot of Transit opportunities, as Al said, outside of North America. And there is growth in some of the market sectors outside of North America in the Freight area too. We're building a plant right now over in India, for an instance. So, we're picking up Freight business in India. We're picking up locomotive opportunities there. I mentioned that we just won ECP orders in Australia and South Africa. So, it's a tough situation, it's a tough market, but we definitely believe we can continue to grow, and on top of that, we are investing in new product development opportunities to be able to organically grow our business.
Raymond T. Betler: I think the overall opportunities right now, orders and backlog, it's a little bit higher than in the past. I think that it was difficult for people to do their planning and execution, when they had funding streams that were only committed about three months to six months out. So, there's more confidence and more activity right now in the market. These orders like, Chicago and Boston, LA will be next, New York is coming up with a big transit program, R211, that is in process, as we speak. So, it's pretty steady now, and I'd say, more so than in the past.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah, Scott, I think we have explained in the past that we have a contingency planning process that we use. So we anticipate as proactively as possible certain trends in the market and basically trigger our reductions not only in head count, but in other areas based on that assessment. So the answer is yes, there is further cuts that can be made, if we need to make them. We're obviously trying to balance a whole host of things where, (45:20) for instance, still not a lot of product development to build for future. So, we're sensitive about not cutting technical resources unless we absolutely have to, so, there is pluses and minuses and we've been very, very careful about what we do, but we've done it in a very proactive away at the same time.
Raymond T. Betler: So, the orders that we picked up for ECP, Jason, are in the double-digit millions of dollars and they're in countries that are – in markets that already deployed ECP. So, those countries, Australia and South Africa, they're not huge markets, but they're good, solid markets for ECP. And I don't anticipate any, in the short-term, any additional major ECP orders in those countries. But we are pretty successful. Those countries have majority of equipment that's already operated with ECP and any new (47:02) vehicles they put in place, they would utilize ECP. If your question is addressing the ECP opportunity in North America, I think we've stated previously that that's still under review by the authority, the federal government and we don't anticipate an impact from that or a final decision for the next couple of years.
Raymond T. Betler: Mike, the number we've given out is 5% to 10% of the installed base. We expect in annuity on service agreements and everything else that Al talked about it on top of that. So we have a lot of product development in process to leverage the existing PTC installed base. And as you said, we're going to – we are expanding in the signaling area also. So, you can build out from what we've already communicated
Raymond T. Betler: I think it will be both, Liam. We have products that we're developing. For instance, we're developing wireless crossing technology, we're developing a vital office system to expand our office in CAD (01:00:58) capabilities. We're developing things like digital compasses that can be applied in both sectors. But it's a huge market, and there is big players. So we don't want to get into a commoditized portion of the market where we're (01:01:18) trying to look for niche opportunities. And for that, we'll probably continue to look for specialty businesses and acquire those.
Raymond T. Betler: They've started this large project, the MTA commissioned three years, four years ago. But you got to remember that that's a huge property of MTA incorporates New York City Transit, Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North. So that just is an example of the revenue stream that's kind of go into this technology, and once it's installed, the ongoing opportunity to further support and enhance the technology. So it's a big mandate across the industry, and the transit authorities are definitely, as Al said, in a catch-up mode because they didn't have funding.
Raymond T. Betler: And you have to keep in mind, Tim, 95% of Faiveley is transit, and even the point Sam Eisner asked about in the last question, there is so much complementarity with that business, we have for instance, a really strong position in the UK, Faiveley not so much. So they're strong in Europe, Asia Pacific. When you put the businesses together, the transit footprint, it's really strong.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. So Steve, in all of those areas we've – we told you a couple of years ago, we started put a really strong emphasis on car support quality, and as a result we're seeing improvements on the bottom line from less rework, retrofit warranty cards, as well as plus one-time issued some were definitely outperforming our supply management objective. So we have an objective every year for a combined QPS, WPS goals part of which are supply management. Headcount is a part of it, but it's not the only part where we're deriving better operational efficiencies and cost improvement in all discretionary areas.
Raymond T. Betler: So as we book contracts we have an opportunity to outperform the supply management objectives we have in (01:15:12) or the ask/bid number. So the answer is yes. We're outperforming our own bid objectives that we have in projects as well as our product business and we outperformed in our overall supply management objective through the year. So it is nothing easy about it. It's day-to-day, it's difficult stuff, and everywhere an opportunity exists, we're trying to focus on it, identify it and obtain the optimized cost position in all areas of our business. When we go to put a new facility, for instance, in places like South Africa and places like India, we have costs in our projects to do that work, and to the extent that we can improve our overall performance, our cost objective, that's money in the bank. So we're doing it everywhere, same across the worldwide business.
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, we do a really good job of making sure that our – the surcharges that we get, we are able to pass on to our customers. Overall, I would say that raw steel and the impact of steel prices is not as significantly on us, as you might think. It really – we're buying components and parts that have value added, that's included in there already. So we haven't seen a whole lot of volatility there. We haven't been able to adjust in our pricing to our customers.
Patrick D. Dugan: Well, the $30 million is, I think we have no problems achieving that in the year. And I mean if you just look at the quarter, we've obviously been reducing costs in order to maintain our margins. And actually, when you add back the Faiveley costs, it's better operating margin than we have in the past quarters. But then – and then you look at the SG&A, since that SG&A number is down, and then if you annualize that, you get there. So, there is a – it's a continuous process. We're constantly looking at where our expectations are in the sales line and making sure that we adjust our variable costs and also on our fixed costs to the extent we can, or at discrete costs, where we can. And our goal is to continue to have that good margin performance even though you have the lower sales.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. You have – you have a number of factors. If you look at the Freight business itself, that's the $200 million. If you look at the train control, the 20% or so give you another $80 million or $100 million. You also have negativity from the industrial markets, but a lot of that – and the FX, but offsetting that is the Transit is up as well as our acquisition program. So, net-net, that's how you get to the down – 10% down.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. I think you're going to be in the – I think you're going to be – a conservative estimate would be about $78 million to $80 million of SG&A per quarter.
Patrick D. Dugan: Let me take a shot at that Sam. So in the guidance, in the $4 to $4.20, that assumes $2.10 in the first half, because remember that the guidance does not include Faiveley expenses. So we did a $1.05 in the first quarter, a $1.05 in the second quarter. And you're going to have to model the second half based on the guidance that we gave you.
Patrick D. Dugan: No, I think it's – I mean, it's obviously good news, but I don't think there is anything unusual there I want to call out and point towards. It just comes down to some of the timing on the orders, some international orders, and when we get to sign the purchase order or the contract, then we can count it on our backlog. An FX has a little bit of impact on it too. So there's a lot of things, that's nothing I want to call out and say or (01:04:29) point to.
Samuel H. Eisner: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. So just a quick question on the guidance here. So if I kind of take the midpoint of the guidance range of $4.10, I basically get to an EBIT decline for you guys of roughly $36 million, assuming the 30% tax rate. You've already recorded close to $30 million in the first half of the year. So I'm curious what are you implying in the guidance that gets better? Is it cost savings, is it that you're just lapping easier comps? If you can just help me understand why the decline is really abate in the back half of the year.
Samuel H. Eisner: Got it. That's helpful. If I – Pat, you were giving some of the numbers on the backlog there, you actually had positive – and I realized Freight and backlog, and order numbers are rather choppy here, but you had a positive book-to-bill 1.11, I believe, given the backlog number of $633 million. Can you perhaps comment – it did actually have sequential order growth, I mean you're still down year-on-year, but it was a positive book-to-bill for the first time in three quarters or four quarters here. So curious if there is any kind of color that you can give there.
Samuel H. Eisner: Got it. And maybe if I can just sneak one more in here, about 11% of total revenue is United Kingdom-based. I know that you guys didn't really call it out, it doesn't really seem to be a theme this quarter across the companies have reported. But any comments on what you guys are seeing on the ground in the UK, and any potential impact of Brexit, just feel as though we should talk about it? Thanks.
