Kristine Kubacki: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Wabtec’s first quarter 2020 earnings call. With us today are President and CEO, Rafael Santana; CFO, Pat Dugan; and Senior VP of Finance, John Mastalerz. Today’s slide presentation, along with our earnings release and financial disclosures, were posted on our website earlier today, and can be accessed on the Investor Relations tab on wabteccorp.com. Some statements we’re making are forward-looking, and based on our best view of the world and our business today. For more detailed risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our forward-looking statements, please see the disclosures in our earnings release and presentation. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial metrics, and encourage you to read our disclosures and reconciliation tables carefully, as you consider these metrics. Before we begin, I'd like to extend wishes of health and safety to everyone on the line as we continue all to manage through this COVID-19 pandemic. And now, I will turn the call over to Rafael.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Rafael. We will now move onto questions. But before we do, out of considerations for others on the call, I would ask that you limit your self to one question and one follow-up question. If you have additional question, please rejoin the queue. With that, operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Kristine Kubacki: Thank you, Eiley, and thank you, everyone, for participation today. Hope everybody stays safe and healthy. We look forward to speaking to you soon. Goodbye.
Rafael Santana: Thanks, Pat. So as you heard throughout today's call, the company performed well and delivered a solid first quarter despite a weakening environment. As we go forward, we remain committed to executing on our strategic plans as communicated during our Investor Day, and we will continue to carefully assess the markets, in which we operate. This includes reducing costs, aggressively managing cash and enhancing our liquidity position, while focusing on what we can control. We’ll also lean into the strong long-term fundamentals of this company. This includes our $22 billion multiyear backlog, recurring service revenues, broad after market reach, significant install base, technical capabilities, expansive international footprint and a proven leadership team with deep industry domain. In addition, we will continue to invest in technologies and capabilities that will advance our competitive advantage and drive the long-term growth. These are the tangible differentiators that will help us successfully manage today's market headwinds over the long-term and will help us emerge as an even stronger and more resilient company. Before I turn the call over to questions, I want to personally thank each and every member of the Wabtec team for all that they’re doing. Everyday, I hear stories about people jump into action to ensure we keep our customers' operations moving and critical medical supplies flowing into the hardest-hit communities. But I also hear stories of team members going above and beyond to make a difference in our communities. Like our technology team, who are using additive technology to produce thousands of face shields for healthcare workers and first responders, or our teams in Tennessee and in the U.K., who quickly provided radiators for generators at the University of Southern California Hospital and East London's, ExCeL Exhibition Center, which both delivered emergency medical care during the pandemic. These moments and so many more are like them are the stories that fill me and our team with pride. And these are the stories that demonstrate how we will emerge from this crisis even stronger. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kristine.
Rafael Santana: Sure. I think a couple of comments there, Allison. Number one, I think, as of today, of our 162 manufacturing sites, we only have two that are still closed. And they've got, I'm going to call, specific plans to be open within the next 10 days. So I think that’s encouraging to see from that perspective. Of course, I mean, as sites resume, I think we’re dealing with a lot of government restrictions still. So that’s to be observed and we’re staying very much aligned with our customers to understand how that pace of recovery will take place. And I think if you were to talk to most of our customers, they would describe as volumes really bottoming between, what I call, the month of April and May, and starting to really see recovery through the end of the second quarter and through the second half of the year. So I think that's probably the best description of how we're seeing recovery ahead of us. But we do expect a significant impact in the second quarter based on the bottoming of that volume.
Rafael Santana: The last thing I'll add there, Justin, is just we're confident about our backlog. We're staying very close with customers and through that process, of course, there's the impact in terms of shipments based on some of the impacts we've had and our customers have had through the second quarter, but I think the backlog gives us a strong confidence about the long-term views and the fundamentals of the business.
Rafael Santana: I think what I'd say is the short-term, I mean, certainly, ridership has been impacted. But as we look at really the restarting of economies, I mean – and if you look at some of the Transit systems and implementation of, what I'll call, safe distancing, it's going to demand more trains, more investments. So we're certainly looked at as, I think, a positive for the Transit segment. So I think we continue to see demand there, and it's certainly part of also a commitment of continuing to, I think, moving things in a better way. So I think, well, we're bullish there. And I'll just take the opportunity to also mention, as we think about some of the dynamics on the freight side, I think we also see, I think, potentially some opportunities playing out of this, which would include elements of -- I think, some of our end markets really valuing a lot more reliability in terms of their supply chains. And there could be an element, especially for North America in terms of near-shoring or on shoring some of the supply chain. So those are probably, I think, a couple of things that we could see out of this that would certainly drive volumes and trends up for the end markets we serve.
Rafael Santana: I think, at this point, we see a continuous commitment to the modernization program. It's a big part of how you drive efficiency and productivity into the customers' operations. And I'll probably add to that, some of the elements of our digital electronics business as well. So we're seeing a commitment there. And I think there's continued opportunity to play that also internationally. And I think we're currently discussing a few opportunities to drive upgrades internationally as well and continue to grow from the opportunity to highlight end of last year.
Rafael Santana: I'd say, I mean, we're confident about the backlog. And I'd say we've walked into this year with that backlog fundamentally secured. And it was the same with regards to new locomotives, which was expected to be down. I do want to remind you that, for the first quarter, and we had -- I mentioned that before, we expect both new locomotive shipments and modernizations to be lower. So -- and that was even pre COVID, but I think we remain confident about the dynamics of demand for mods in the business.
Rafael Santana: Okay. So if you think about lower oil prices, I think, as far as the freight market goes, it really calls for about 7% of what North America Railroads transport. That's probably where we would see most of that impact. I'd say, less than a-third of that 7% is really tied to any variation of what I'll call in the price of oil per se. So it's less about that. And I think the one area to watch out is some of the energy markets that we serve with our products, and that's an area we'll continue to watch. I think, as we really follow with customers here on how they're seeing volume ahead, I mean, we're very much committed to make sure we're taking the necessary cost actions to adjust the different parts of the business to face these new realities.
Rafael Santana: Expect us to use every lever in the business, and we'll continue to evaluate those and make sure that we exercise those as we're looking to new realities ahead.
Rafael Santana: Okay. Well, first of all, there's certainly an element of impact there as customers park locomotives, especially in North America, in the light of volume bottoming. I think we said before, I think we have a younger fleet. Fleet of locomotives are productive than our competitors locomotive, so I think we’re in better position in terms of being able to navigate through this downturn. And I think a lot of the solutions that we have in the digital electronics, even though, to your point, some of that could be discretionary spending, I think a lot of those play strong in terms of allowing customers to get really lower costs, lowering expenses, and ultimately getting the benefit with relatively short-term, and – so we continue to expect strength on those product lines.
Rafael Santana: And I think when you reflect on the margin improvements, I think we're continuing to see the quality of the order intake, margins continues to improve there, so the orders are coming in and there are pieces we're seeing operational improvement in the business. That speaks to improvement, on time delivery, reduction on cost of quality. Of course, these comments are pre-COVID. And we'll be assessing how COVID will be impacting some of that. But we're committed to the margin improvement on Transit segment.
Rafael Santana: I'd say, no, we haven't seen any significant change to that. I think, in fact, we have some opportunities here to help the railroads potentially driving efficiency through that process. So if you think about mods and some of the elements of things that we do on the services side of the house, so I think that's a continued opportunity for us. We don't see that as an impact to our revenues right now.
Rafael Santana: That was within, how we would have achieved the synergy targets for the year, so totally tied to the $150 million that we're committed to deliver during the year.
Rafael Santana: Yeah. So I think you bring a great point. I mean, this is not the first downturn we're going through. We will operate and work very closely with customers here, and we're confident about that $22 billion backlog at this point. We’re, of course, working with customers as COVID has impacted operations, so there could be shift in terms of when some of these projects are shift. But overall, confident about delivering on that backlog.
Rafael Santana: I think the backlog largely, again I think we are executing through that backlog. The elements of delay are really associated with some of the dynamics we see in the quarter whether it’s due to our – I'll call own inability to catch up on some of the elements of this delivery just based on the shutdowns we've been subject to, or customers' ability to also be receiving or executing through that. So, I think -- again, back to my original comment, the confidence on the backlog is there we'll always be working with customers proactively on that regard.
Rafael Santana: I think there's a mix, there's an element of, I'll call, long term orders that we’re certainly executing through it. There could be delays there. I think the area where you could see some variations really tied to more transactional volume associated with potentially fleets are parked and maintenance, to some extent, that's going to be deferred, just the fact you’re not utilizing Wabtec. And most of that impact is certainly going to be felt here I think in the second quarter, based on my earlier of bottoming of volume between the months of April and May time frame. And they do expect that to resume as we go forward, so at the end of this quarter in the second half of the year.
Rafael Santana: So, certainly, I think volume reductions allow us to potentially look at, I'll call it, accelerating some of these elements. And I think when I go back to our comments of staying committed to deliver on the $150 million of synergies for the year, there's certainly an element of that. And despite of any, I think, volume reductions we're seeing there on the synergy, especially, you could think from a sourcing perspective, there could be, I'll call it, an impact there. I think, we've got areas of opportunities here to continually to take action on.
Rafael Santana: I think sure, to look historically I think there could be elements of like weakness in the first quarter. But back to Pat's comment, it's really more tied to time of projects than anything else. And as I look into specifically this quarter, we did have both elements of not just lower shipments on new locomotives, but we also expected lower shipments on the modernization side. And those were even break of that. So largely, again, project-driven.
Pat Dugan: Hey, Allison, I would say that the majority of it was in the Transit area. The impact was really kind of disruption to our operations and the ability to maybe complete and ship and recognize revenue on orders or both from a supply chain or inflow of components, but as well our own operations and having the people there and get things completed and things out the door. So the majority of that was in Europe and Asia.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. Justin, thanks for the question. It's a little bit of guidance and kind of wrapped in there. But what we've done is, just as a reminder, our covenant ratios are about, for this quarter and the next are at 3.5 times and then it reduces to 3.25. Total debt to EBITDA on a kind of a bank basis for calculating that, those covenants. We've done a variety of scenarios. We've looked at percentage drops of, kind of, like -- most likely a deeper case. We've looked at changes within quarters where one quarter is more drastically affected than others. And for the -- and we're -- as we've come out of those views, our covenants, we are staying within those. We feel like our cash conversion is aligned with what we gave in terms of guidance in the Investor Day, a 90% cash conversion that will most likely improve because of working capital management. And so all those things should really given us the opportunity to see strong – we're confident in our strong cash performance and meeting our covenants.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I would just – it's a difficult comparison to previous crisis. I mean, not everything is the same. This is unlike anything that any of us have ever seen in our lifetime. I just keep coming back to the strength of our aftermarket and service business, which will be disrupted, as Rafael talked about, but is obviously critical to any kind of recovery and part of the essential businesses that still operate and, in some cases operate with some strengths. So we feel good about the business, the core business, the base business and the cash flow that it will generate.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. It's a little preliminary to be talking about our – about the quarter and what – how we performed in April. I understand the desire to get a little bit of direction there, but it's a bit early. I can say that what we've been doing is focusing on some KPIs, looking at – again, our confidence in our backlog and how that's evolving and looking at our cash performance on a daily, weekly basis. So far, we feel that that performance supports all the comments about our confidence and strength in the overall view of backlog and cash flow.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. So we talked about the impact of those one-time items that really did impact our first quarter. We had about $80 million worth of cash outflow, which are working capital items, but that cash outflow related to prior year reserves and accruals that were paid in the first quarter. They were restructuring, transaction-related. They were litigation-related. And so that $80 million did impact Q1. You look at the rest of working capital performance in Q1, you do have seasonality and we have these outflows that happen in Q1, specific to some comp and benefit type things, incentive related reserves. And then you also have a very good performance in Q4 that probably impacted our Q1 a little bit. And what you'll see throughout the year is that our working capital, where we anticipate the normal performance where you – it becomes a source of cash throughout the rest of the year. And then you layer into it the impact of a business that we've talked about, the disruption that's occurring related to the virus and in our operations and revenue, and you would anticipate that the working capital would become a bit of a source of cash over the course of the rest of the year. So we feel like that working capital performance and for the remaining quarters will help us drive our cash conversion up for the remainder of the year.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I would just add we’re trying to be very disciplined about what we measure is synergies versus just adjusting the business for the volume realities. We’re doing both at the same and so if you just go back to your kind of the original question, is therein we can do strategically to accelerate. We had already accelerated the synergy plan that we would hit our run rate a little bit earlier. We are going to continue to execute on all of those – all of those expectations, all those plans and that they can and will be looked at as maybe done a little bit earlier based on volume, but nothing that we want to really highlight at this point in terms of giving a number or anything plan specific. All I can tell you is that we are working on everything we can to make – to ensure that we – and we expect to get those synergies, but to do more in terms of additional cost because of the change in the environment.
Pat Dugan: Yes. I just -- I'm going to just reemphasize what Rafael just said is that the service side of our business helps our customers drive efficiencies and reduce operating expense. It's really – it's some of the premise of PSR, but and I – you would think that that would continue as we go through the rest of the year.
Pat Dugan: So maybe you start, I think as you think about Transit, man I think we're seeing that customers continue to be committed to I'll call the projects, per se, there could be an element of, I’ll call impact of what I call services for the short-term just phased on, well, ridership being down. I think, again, we're probably going to see and as we talk to customers. I think there's an expectation that the bottom of that has really happened between here, the month of April and May and I think ridership is expected to be ramping back up as we go into the later part of the quarter, and into the second half of the year. So I think that's one element. I think a lot of the dynamics what you saw in the quarter, per se, I think that referred to the -- over $0.05, without the impact on EPS. I think a lot of that came really associated with our inability to ship due to shutdowns. And those were either to our own plants, especially in -- I'll probably mentioned here India and parts of Europe. And, well, of course, we have customers impacted through that as well. So in some cases, the inability of customers receiving some of these shipments. But, again, I think, we have a solid long term view here for the business and we're confident about the strong fundamentals. So that's…
Pat Dugan: Yeah. I think, kind of getting to your question about what do we think about the impact of transit ridership being down. I think, kind of, near term you're seeing a little bit of a mix of fewer trains running, but maybe some pent up demand for some maintenance and services and safety stock. So some of that is definitely occurring. I think, that kind of more longer term impact of the -- of a quarter or more of the lower ridership will -- is to be seen and part of the reason why we talk about our top line guidance the way we have is, we still have to see how this unfolds. But, long term, our -- the areas that we're operating in are heavily dependent and continue -- and will continue to rely on transit. And what -- in some way it may become opportunistic as everybody kind of figures out what Transit looks like in the future.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. I appreciate the question Scott, I don't -- with kind of pulling the guidance, I think, for the year, I think it's a little bit difficult to put anything out there. April for us is still being kind of accumulated and looked at. We feel good about -- as we're measuring where our backlog is and our cash flow performances and we feel like it's well within some of the scenarios that we had outlined, but not -- nothing that we really want to talk about publicly right now in terms of guidance.
Pat Dugan: No. I mean, I think that some of the industrial markets are really – they're tied to oil and gas or our heat exchange business and some of our turbocharger business. And we've seen some decline in the quarter. We imagine that, that decline will be sustained a little bit with the price of oil.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. We didn't view it as – when we were talking about this, this is not something we added back. We just highlighted it for – just for exactly this question. I mean, and the mostly it's revenue impact to our operations in India, the ability to get some of our loco build finalized. But I’ll also plan, we have a pretty sizeable Transit business in India that was also impacted. And again, it was just the timing of shipments and – production and shipments in the quarter -- at the end of the quarter. The rest of the impact is European operations were shutdown or partial shutdowns occurred. And again maybe something – things weren't shipped and the revenue recognized or our inputs components from suppliers didn't arrive in time and we weren’t able to complete the project. So all those things, kind of, added up into the $15 million worth of EBIT impact. We did not have a lot of -- we had some, but nothing worth highlighting like cleanup costs or any things like that. We clearly were taking the appropriate steps to protect our employees to make sure that anything kind of cleaning or any kind of disruption that way were viewed, but the $0.05 that we’re talking about here were really revenue disruptions.
Pat Dugan: So, Ken, I mean, the -- I think, some of it -- we're constantly in conversation with all our backlog and all our customers about the timing of deliveries. And so it does have an impact. When we kind of look at the current year, right now, we have a lot of confidence in these -- in the current scheduling in terms of manufacturing and delivering, but it will -- you do have this kind of constant demand on us and our customers to kind of work on when and how we're going to deliver the backlog. So it's not kind of simple as you’re saying. Well, have they, all of a sudden, just showed up and asked the question, this is how everything unfolds every year.
Pat Dugan: Jeff, I think the seasonal aspect of this business – and Rafael may add on to this, is that is the service side. I think our customers have a kind of overweight in the loco areas, the service business, into the third quarter and not so much in the first and in the fourth. And so that’s the real seasonal about it. But when you kind of look at it over a multi-year period, you do have the impact of projects, which is OE and is driven by customer demands and expectations their own fleet, their own fleet strategies for new equipment and then international projects, too. So that can kind of create some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter in terms of revenue recognition. But the true seasonal part which is the Service in North America and international locomotives tends to be very heavily weighted into Q3 and not so much in Q1.
Pat Dugan: And I would add one other element. And I don't know how many periods or what periods you are comparing but there’s – if you go outside of the numbers that we've provided, you have different revenue recognition standards and that would, would maybe exaggerate some of the seasonality but I think that it's fair to say that Q1 is seasonally is lower on service side, Q3 is a little bit higher. Wabtec on the other hand, which is doing freight car, service and maintenance maybe a little bit different but now it's a much smaller percentage of the total, the total business where that seasonality would be more Q1 and less than Q3. So, a lot of things to kind of add and subtract from them.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good morning, Pat and Rafael. Interesting. On the confidence in the backlog, maybe you could just talk a little about this. I just want to see, have you had customers come in and have discussions about shifting? Maybe you could talk to us and give us some precedent in prior downturns how has that committed spending been. And is the – is that tied to production schedules in terms of the backlog, can they shift delivery times and push that out? Just want to understand how the timeframe works on that backlog as well? Thanks.
Ken Hoexter: But no comment directly on if customers have come and asked for delays, or what the negotiations like. I think I'm just trying to understand how that...
Ken Hoexter: Great. And then, my follow-up, on Courtney's question before about the 9% footprint consolidation. Maybe just expand on that a bit. Are you doing any structural changes now that you look at post-merger and given the downturn in demand? Do you see like yourself accelerating some of these structural changes? Or are you saying, with $150 million, you're sticking with the target, maybe you've accelerated that plan within that target, but there are no new moves that you're putting within that, that are clearer now that you've got downturn and can make bigger changes.
