Al Neupaver: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. We had an excellent operating performance in the third quarter with record sales of almost $800 million and record earnings of $0.93 per diluted share. Cash flow from operations was also strong as we generated $93 million, exceeding net income. Our backlog now stands at a record $2.18 billion. The overall business is performing well thanks to our diversified business model, our strategic growth initiatives and the power of our Wabtec Performance System. We’re optimistic and excited about the long-term opportunities in our freight and transit rail markets. These markets are large, global and growing and we are positioned well to participate in them. Today, we increased our 2014 guidance. We now expect full year earnings per diluted share to be between $3.58 and $3.62. That is based on a sales growth of about 18% for the year. We have some assumptions in our guidance; continued modest growth in the global economy; the assumption that the U.S. and European transit markets will remain stable with the emerging markets driving growth. The U.S. freight rail traffic continues to grow with OEM locomotive and car builds also growing. So far this year, freight rail traffic is up about 4%. We’re assuming no major changes in foreign exchange rates and a tax rate of about 31% to 31.5% for this year. Our guidance includes the three acquisitions we completed so far this year. As always, we will be disciplined when it comes to controlling cost. We’ll be focused on generating cash to invest in growth opportunities, and always ready to respond if market conditions change. Now I’d like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ray Betler.
Al Neupaver: Thanks, Pat. Once again we had a strong performance in the third quarter with record sales and earnings, strong cash flow and a record backlog. We expect to close out 2014 with another record year and we’ve increased our EPS guidance from $3.58 to $3.62 on revenue growth of about 18%. We are happy with our strategic progress and our long-term growth opportunities we see as countries around the world continue to invest in freight, rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced and extremely dedicated management team that has taken advantage of our growth opportunities and ready to respond to any changes in market conditions. With that, we’ll be more than happy to answer your questions.
Al Neupaver: I think overall you're correct, we are making great progress when you look at our international expansion with a third of our business outside of the U.S. just a few years ago and today we’re over 50% of our business. If you look at freight and transit individually, our freight sales, 43% were outside of the U.S., where in transit it was up around 65%. So, one of the areas that I think we continue to make progress in is transit. As we explained to you all over time that we’re a small player in a large market in both the European and the Asian areas. So we continue to focus on those areas and I think our acquisitions that we’ve targeted have helped that transition as well. When you look from a location globally where are we getting a better footing, I think it’s -- I would almost say almost everywhere else and I don’t know of an area that we’re not making progress in. We actually have entered some transit orders in Russia that was a target market for us. We’re getting a larger position in Europe. We have opportunities that we think that we’re going to be able to take advantage of in South Africa. If you look at the freight markets in Brazil and Australia, we continue to make progress and gain market share and continue to offer new products in those areas. Even with the shutdown of -- not the shutdown, but the slowdown in China, we still see a lot of activity in the infrastructure area. I think one of the things that Ray mentioned that is extremely important is that we did get another, not a large, but a small signaling project from a new customer in Brazil. I think that’s a great sign that our efforts at MRS are being noticed and I think that that hopefully will give us the momentum to continue its growth in that area as well as Australia after our acquisition with C2CE. So, I think internationally, we expect to continue to grow and we’re making progress around the world.
Al Neupaver: We’ve said in the past and I think that this will continue to hold true, we think that organically we could grow our businesses mid single-digit rate. And if we want to sustain the top-line growth that we’ve experienced over the last five to 10 years, we'll then have to supplement that with acquisitions as well. Realizing that when we look at these acquisitions, we’re trying to make sure that we have acquisitions that are strategic. By strategic means means that we could grow and we can improve that profitability. So I think that when we put together our strategic plan, which we just presented to the Board just last month, we feel that we could very well hit that target of at least mid-single digits internal growth into the planning period.
Al Neupaver: Without really talking about 2015, because we’re right in the middle of our planning process for our budget Ray and his team are putting that together. I may just -- maybe Ray if you want to give an update on -- there was a nice report that we saw that was put out by the Association of American Railroads that kind of gives a summary on where they’re at and I think that will give you an indication on what you might see into the future.
Al Neupaver: I think that progress has already been made on a lot of that. I think you’ll see that the railroads are using not necessarily autopilot but throttle control and a similar mechanism is cruise control so that they can maximize their fuel efficiencies. There is also products that are related to planning on where some of these trains are moved, when they’re moved and how they’re moved, I think efficiencies related to sensor technology that would monitor the health of a particular locomotive. There are probably a myriad of enhancements that are being looked at and worked on, some of which are already being implemented. Are these going to deliver $8 billion of savings? No. But now that the railroads, the class ones and other railroads are going to have a computer on-board, it’s critical that we’re talking about how do we better utilize that computer to help with the productivity, efficiency and safety of the railroad and that’s exactly what we’re doing. Ray and the team are out there talking to the various railroads exactly about that and trying to pick the easier ones first and we’ll continue to work on this as we go forward.
Al Neupaver: Okay. First question is related to, has the aftermarket really kicked in. And as you define aftermarket, the answer to that is, not extensively. I think that we have some service agreements that fall in that category, but we’re really focused right now on, especially in the U.S., on getting the pilots running, the field testing done. And once all this equipment has been commissioned, I think that’s when you start turning over to more of the aftermarket. We’re closer to that with our MRS project down in Brazil where we should be able to get some aftermarket business in 2015. Your second question was related to where do we stand on the transit. Up to this point we’ve announced five or six transit authorities that we have contracts with. That’s out of a potential 21. Those contracts we announced, you could go back and add them up, it’s probably $150 million to $170 million. So, that will give you an indication of where that is. It’s hard to predict the size of the projects because in some cases we may be the program manager or maybe a turnkey, in other cases we may just be supplying the on-board computer. So, I think that gives you a fair indication about where we’re at in the transit PTC. I think also in the transit arena, the aftermarket and service portion probably is a good opportunity as well, because most of those organizations do not have a large signaling department or people that are capable of maintaining that system going forward.
Al Neupaver: We work very hard to have a good relationship with all potential customers. And I think the market right now because of the requirement of Tier 4 requirements on which one of the producers is now offering a product and my understanding is that they have a good backlog that goes out a couple of years related to that. But you must keep in mind that the locomotive market is not just for the U.S., there is a lot of locomotives being sold worldwide. And I think both the major U.S. producers are taking advantage of that international market trends that although we’re not sure we haven’t really looked to 2015 to the point where we could talk about it, but we think that the demand for locomotives is going to continue as long as the economy continues to push and there is demands. I think that there might be a tightness of availability, but I don’t see a big drop coming in '15 because of the regulation change as long as the economy keeps the demand up.
Al Neupaver: The only thing I would recommend you do is go back to the announcements related to each of the acquisitions and relatively when they were acquired. I think you could get a pretty good feel from that.
Al Neupaver: Obviously our competitors are very aware of our presence in the marketplace. We have got excellent competitors and we have been in some tough battles along the way. And keep in mind that one of the things that we really like about the rail market is the barriers to entry. And just as we are able to protect our base pretty good, they do a good job of protecting their base as well. So as we do make progress, the one thing that you could be assured is that you've got to earn your ability to keep it. But if you do a good job, there is barriers for others to enter. So we do see some tough competition there.
Al Neupaver: As I said, it’s not a large order. It’s just an important order because it gives is more creditability in the marketplace.
Al Neupaver: Okay. I think some of it is mix. That’s a term we’re not allowed to use internally, because that’s usually an excuse not a plus. But I think the other thing is we continue to drive our margins through our Wabtec Performance System. I think Ray and the team have done a tremendous job staying focused on increasing the productivity efficiency, getting advantages from sourcing. He started a new initiative on cost quality. I think that’s what's driving it. There's only so much leverage that you have on your SG&A and operating cost. So, that’s the reason you’re seeing and hopefully we’ll be able to continue that.
Al Neupaver: Sam, we've got to admit there's -- we were not totally complete analyzing the Fandstan backlog at the end of the second quarter when we fine tune that backlog that contributed to the part of the difference between second and third quarter. If you take that into account, that backlog about 50% to 55% of the backlog gain is from acquisitions, the balance was internal orders from which we talked about, freight car components, the locomotive overhaul. And I think that we feel that the internal growth rate is about 13%. We did some work on it.
Al Neupaver: Well, I think that again we’re in our planning process right now for next year. I know in my nine years in the industry I’ve never seen a backlog at 124,000, that's the only thing I could tell you. But there is capacity constraints, especially on certain types of cars that we’re aware of, especially tank cars which makes up 50% of the backlog.
Al Neupaver: We think the sales were around 75 million and it’s still hanging in there, about half is freight, about 25% is transit and 25% international. So it is still around those percentages.
Al Neupaver: The reason for the range is that a lot of the orders right now -- and I think we might have explained this in the past – are tied to field testing and the field testing continues. If it’s moved up and there is no issues, you tend to see more orders than you would if there is – if they come in with an issue or when it gets slowed down for any reason. So, that was the reason for our conservatism and projecting last quarter.
Al Neupaver: We are not able to give the color any further than basically what we say and it is PTC related work. And it’s a new customer and it’s a small amount. But the important thing is we are getting looks from other people and that’s one of the things we have talked about in the past. We just wanted to give you an indication of it. But we are not capable of saying anything else at this point.
Pat Dugan: Good morning, everybody. Our sales for the second quarter were a record $797 million, which is 26% higher than a year ago quarter. Of this increase, about half was from organic growth and half from acquisitions. That remains consistent with our long-term expectation. In the Freight segment, our sales increased 33% or about 112 million. Only 29 million of that increase was from acquisitions. Therefore, the majority of the growth was organic from locomotive and freight car components, electronics and radiator, heat exchanger businesses. The transit segment sales increased 18% or about 53 million. 57 million increase was from acquisitions, so we’re essentially flat organically amongst all the other businesses. And the reason for that is that we had completed certain locomotive projects in prior quarters which contributed revenues. Adjusting for these projects, the organic revenue in the segment would have been up about 35 million or about 14%. Operating income for the quarter was a record 136 million or 17.1% of sales. As expected, that operating margin is slightly lower than prior quarters mainly due to the acquisition of Fandstan earlier in the year. During our second quarter call, you might remember that we said that Fandstan will contribute significant revenues in the second half of the year, but minimal earnings mostly due to expenses from purchase price accounting and from integration. In addition, its historical margins are currently lower than our transit margins. Now that we've had Fandstan in the fold for a few months, we’re confident that we can increase margins overtime and we continue to expect our corporate operating margin to improve over the long-term as well. Interest expense for the quarter was 4.6 million or about 800,000 higher than a year ago quarter and that’s because of increased borrowings for our acquisition program. Our tax rate for the quarter was 31.3% versus 29.2% in the year ago quarter. In the prior year we had a benefit from a tax law change in the UK. We expect our annual rate to be about 31% to 31.5% in 2014, but the quarters will vary due to timings of any discrete tax items. Working capital at September 30, 2014, we had a trade and unbilled receivables were around 715 million, inventories were 489 million and accounts payable were 389 million. At June 30th of this year, trade and unbilled receivables were 717 million, inventories were 482 million and payables were 397 million. As we discussed is prior quarters, our unbilled receivables are related to our portfolio of long-term contracts. By hitting certain project milestones, we’re able to bill for that work, so it would shift from unbilled receivables to trade receivables and be collected. During the quarter, we reduced that number from 252 million to 240 million and we expect to make further progress by year end. In the quarter, the company generated 93 million of cash from operations which we feel is a strong result. So far this year we’ve produced 231 million of cash from operations, which is a nine-month measure, and when you compare that to the prior year, for the full year results we generated about the same amount in 2012 and 2013. Cash on hand at September 30th was 213 million, mostly held outside of the U.S. We had 226 million on hand at June 30th. And our debt balances at September 30th were 522 million, which increased from 501 million at June 30th due in part to the acquisitions of Dia-Frag and C2CE. Couple of miscellaneous items we always point out. Our depreciation expense for the quarter was 10.3 million compared to 8.2 million in last year’s quarter. Our amortization expense was 6.7 million compared to 3.9 million in last year’s quarter. That’s up because of PPA and amortization from the acquisitions. CapEx was 13 million versus 9 million in the last year’s quarter. So far year-to-date our capital expenditures were 31 million and that’s compared to a budget of roughly $50 million. And backlog information. At the end of the third quarter, we had a record multiyear backlog of $2.18 billion. We split that in our segments; transit backlog was 1.3 billion and freight 886 million; the increase from the second quarter, about half gained from acquisitions and half gained from contracts for locomotive overhauls, freight car components and singling projects; a rolling 12 month backlog which is a subset of the multiyear backlog was 1.4 billion and you split that again; 641 million for transit and 736 million for freight. I’ll point out that the total backlog figures that we just quoted do not include about 220 million of contract options. We don’t count them in backlog until a customer actually exercises the options. With that report, I'll turn it over back to Al.
Pat Dugan: That’s right. Yes, so we had -- if you go a year ago quarter, we had a couple of projects that are now completed. So if you were to compare the sales, we would end up with about $35 million in improvements and that’s about 14%.
Pat Dugan: Right. So if you look at the SG&A, we're roughly for the quarter 88 million. We have some acquisition cost and some other that when you take a full quarter it might increase that a little bit, but some other onetime expenses that are more related to PPA and professional fees. And so I think our run rate is going to end up being in the range of 85 million to 86 million per quarter for SG&A.
Pat Dugan: That’s right. And then when you look at engineering, I think our engineering is going to be relatively flat for the quarter. And then our amortization expense is a little high. We have some onetime acquisition amortization in there and that’s going to then be offset by ongoing amortization of intangibles and other cost. So I think the best number for your model would be somewhere around $5.8 million to $6 million.
Pat Dugan: Yeah. Even if you adjust, I think it was about 100 million that the second quarter backlog was light. And even if you adjust for that, the third quarter backlog was still up by 13% over the second quarter. That's still a pretty strong increase.
Ray Betler: So the order sales are large in the new locomotive area and they're lumpy. There's not continuous orders in the transit commuter market. So we had a couple of large orders, one in New York City that we finished out, one in NBTA that we're about to finish out. So we’re going to deliver all those locomotives this year. So it’s really the unique size of the orders in this area. But I think what your question was, where is the strength coming from transit globally and the answer is globally. We’re getting -- we’re having some success in new markets that we have been working on for years.
Ray Betler: So Justin, for '15 we feel pretty good about '15 and the reason is if you look at the report that Al has referenced and Tim can send it to you, it basically says that about 50% of the spend has been executed today, so that's 4 billion out of 8 billion. About 50% of locomotives have been equipped either fully or partially, about a third of the wayside equipment. So there is still a significant amount of revenue opportunity for the base business. And again, as we have elaborated several times, there will be follow-on opportunities associated with the aftermarket and enhancement. So there is still a lot of work to do. The railroads are working very hard to install and develop the qualification process and submit their safety cases. They’re all in different states of accomplishment there and we feel pretty good about '15.
Ray Betler: What happened in the third quarter when you look at all the acquisitions together, we had less than a 10% contribution margin from those increase in sales where the rest of the business was really operating where it should be. Some of that are just price accounting that is one time. Those onetime charges usually flow out between six to nine months and a little tail but not much of an impact. So I would think there would be some impact going into the first quarter of 2015. But also though after about three to six months we expect some of our synergies start kicking in as well to hopefully offset that.
Ray Betler: We are always going to be doing acquisitions, so that isn’t going to slow down. But I think Pat has taken a good look at the SG&A, engineering and amortization and maybe Pat you can address that.
Ray Betler: In general across the board we have new product development that we’re introducing, Scott, throughout the worldwide market. We have a lot of examples that add, on the transit side, new brake systems, new calipers, new disks, new electronics that’s generated -- resulted in incremental revenue and future orders. On the locomotive side Al just talked about Tier 4 heat exchangers, we have developed for that application on the new locomotives for NAFTA. Locomotives internationally we have new products that we’re selling as complete brake systems. There is incremental growth organically through some of the acquisitions, Fandstan in particular has new technologies that they’re introducing that’s contributed to organic growth. So both on the freight and the transit side and a part of it is the diversified international markets that we have focused on and that focus has been both in product development and in certification. There is a tremendous effort in cost that’s required to participate in these international markets. And we, again slowly, shortly, incrementally are focused on getting that product certified so that we can sell into these international markets. Al mentioned Russia, Russia is a good example. We were on platform for locomotives in Kazakhstan. We took those products and we focused, like changes needed to be made in Russia and made those changes and over the last two years have gotten certification for a whole plethora of products in Russia. So those are some examples that I can give you.
Ray Betler: I would say in general, we are pleased, but are concerned about everything. So there is a lot of speculation about what’s going to happen on a micro and a macro basis in terms of changing oil prices. But we haven’t seen an impact at this point. And I think in general the heat exchanger business, both on power generation side as well as on the locomotive side, has been really good for us this year and we anticipate growth next year.
Ray Betler: And the other issue that Al mentioned, Matt, is the transit authorities continue struggle with this funding issue. So we can’t predict when they’re going to receive their funding and release order. So, we’re involved with all the transit authorities at various stages of business development. But a lot of their spending decisions are dependent on funding.
