Albert Neupaver: Okay. Thanks Tim and good morning everyone, Today is a very, very important day for the new Wabtec. We started this process well over a year ago. And before we get into the presentation, I want to take this time to really acknowledge and thank the entire team for all their hard work and dedication to get to this point. And I especially want to identify the people in this room who we just introduced, as well as Dave DeNinno, our General Counsel, that has spent endless hours trying to get us to where we're at today. So, we're really excited about the opportunity, but it didn't get here without a tremendous amount of effort and work by a great team. Today, we are even more convinced in the strategic logic and the value of this transaction. The combination of our uniquely complementary capabilities creates new opportunities for growth well into the future. We have the ability to advance technologies to improve the safety, the efficiencies, and the productivity of both the freight and transit industries. We'll be better positioned to reform through the business cycle with expanded margins and expected double-digits earnings growth, supported by a run rate of synergies of $250 million by the fourth year of this combination. Overall, we couldn't be more excited about the future of Wabtec. As you could see, on slide two, Ray and Rafael will discuss in more detail the new Wabtec and our future plans. Pat will follow-up and provide a review of our fourth quarter and full year 2018 performance, followed by our 2019 outlook. I now turn it over to Ray Betler, our President and CEO.
Albert Neupaver: Yes. And without a doubt, Scott, we're disappointed in the margins in Transit in 2018 and it will be a focus point. We made great progress in certain business areas, and not the progress we expected. But if you look at the Freight margins, they really were maintained and improved. So, that, we're happy about. We're not happy about the margins in Transit and I can tell you that going forward, it will be a focus point, along with the integration of these businesses.
Albert Neupaver: Especially in the short-term, the cost items are what we would expect to see the synergies on. As we go further out, that's where the revenue synergies will kick in.
Albert Neupaver: And I think it's fair to point out that when the initial forecast was given, that's almost 1 year ago. And all we're trying to do is we updated it on what transferred in the marketplace over that almost 10 to 11 months. And there absolutely was some movement of those orders that went from one period to the next and some change in the marketplace. But we still have this strong backlog. And I think the one important statistic is the fact that, right now, Rafael talkies about 70%-plus of the -- is already covered. So, that's higher than he's used to seeing in the business.
Albert Neupaver: Yes, right now, the portfolio fits ideally with the Wabtec portfolio. And it was really constructed in a way there's tremendous amount of synergies between the various groups. So, right now, we do not see that. However, we're always looking for what our portfolio needs to be. And there will be a lot of effort over the next year developing a strategy together that makes sense for the combined business.
Rafael Santana: Thank you, Ray and good morning. The GE Transportation team and I are incredibly excited to be part of Wabtec and the start this new chapter. I'm very proud to be leading the Freight segment, which is really the combination of the former GE Transportation business with the Wabtec Freight business. As a leading OEM, we're not just the largest global producer of digital electric locomotives, but we also produce components for freight cars, railroad track, or signal products. And in addition, we manufacture propulsion systems for mining, a range of engines and electric motors utilized both in marine and in drilling. If you turn to slide seven, you can see we have a large install base with approximately 23,000 locomotives, which provides long-term revenue opportunities for our services and digital segments. Our services segment maintains and modernize fleets at various stages through the life of these assets. The combination of reliable, available, and fuel-efficient products really places a high value on the maintenance and the overall services that we provide to our customers, generating recurring revenue opportunities. We also have significant contractual coverage of our fleets, with the majority of locomotives covered under long-term contracts. Today, approximately 70% of our install base are under long-term service contracts, which is roughly two-thirds of our backlog. This fleet will continue to be used and is a strong foundation for the growth of our business. Our fleet is relatively young with an average age of 10 years. This is a competitive advantage and we are strongly positioned to drive a better total cost of ownership yield for our customers. This drives better performance, better reliability, and better fuel efficiency. We have approximately 11,000 units that are upgrade opportunities with an average of 10 to 20 years in service. We finished 2018 with a strong backlog for upgrades that will deliver a significant outcome for our customers. As for the bottom of the page, we are in an attractive point in the cycle. While the new locomotive deliveries have always been cyclical, we're coming out of the trough. We had a strong orders performance in 2018. And we ended the year with a total backlog of approximately $19 billion. Again, this supports our volume growth in the coming years. But hey, our freight business also produces a number of solutions for automation combining the Wabtec electronics business with the legacy GE Transportation digital business. This is a significant part of our business and it includes some of the most impactful solutions that optimize performance, increase operational savings, and improve safety. If you turn to slide eight, you'll see that Wabtec's uniquely positioned to put railroads on a path to advanced automation and to really meet the rapidly growing demand for improved rail performance. Automation will have the single biggest impact for railroad productivity in the next decade. This has the potential to unlock significant annual savings across freight rail for customers and operators. We're seeing an increasing demand for our combined portfolio of products and services. And we share a commitment to innovation that will ensure that we continue to meet the growing need. With that, Ray Betler will share with you some more details with you in our integration.
Rafael Santana: So, as we look into 2018, what I'll tell you is we had a very strong 2018 with regards to locomotive orders. We closed the year with, again, a total backlog of $19 billion. I think it was -- the upturn in that year, we've been able to get what I'll call multiyear service agreements and multiyear locomotive agreements, which really translates into a base load that really supports, I'll call, a strong foundation for growth here for us. We had deliveries of 272 units. Some of those delays were associated with the timing on which we started to deliver locomotives in India. I'm very happy to say we have been delivering already north of 48 units as part of that contract last year. And this year, just on the last couple of weeks, we delivered the first locomotives being manufactured in-country, including an AC6000, so, moving very well and as per plan.
Rafael Santana: Well, we have a strong growth in 2019. What I'll tell you is when I look at our backlog; we've got more than 90% of the necessary coverage for 2019, which is a significant improvement versus last year. On the top of that, I'll tell you that our pipeline of opportunities, more than two-thirds of those associated with, I'll call, international opportunities. So, we feel very strong about the year.
Rafael Santana: So, back to what I have told you before. I think we've been successful in getting multiyear agreements, which really build-off on the demand from our customers. We currently have approximately 2,000 new locomotives in our backlog. And that's, again, I'd say, significant pace as well for the years ahead of us. The demand doesn't stop with regards to new locomotive only. One of the things that I think I've highlighted is the opportunity for upgrade great opportunities that we have. And we currently have, in our backlog, more than approximately 900 locomotives for modernizations in backlog.
Rafael Santana: So, I'm not going to give you the breakdown, international versus North America. But what I'll tell you is, again, when I look at last year, we grew our backlog. And so that backlog comes with multiyear locomotive agreements. We've got more than 90% of the coverage for this year. As I look into 2020, we're also significantly ahead from where we were 1 year ago. And I'll just give you a number from a total backlog perspective for 2019; we're north of 74%, which is at least 6 points better than we were a year ago. So, we feel strong about 2019 and we're well-positioned for 2019 with a strong pipeline of opportunities internationally. When you think of precision railroading, I think the other thing to keep in mind is there is continued demand for reliable and available power. So, the fact that locomotives could be get parked, there's still a demand for modernizing that fleet which we're capturing on. And there is the opportunity to make sure you ultimately have reliable and available power running in your key corridors. And we're certainly capitalizing on those opportunities. Not to mention all the discussion we had around the automation, which really aligns very well with better performance, better reliability and better fuel efficiency for our customers. So, we really like how we're positioned here in terms of the next few years and the recurring nature of some of the services in our fleet.
Rafael Santana: So, we are seeing, again, growth across -- when I look at the Freight segment, we're seeing growth really cutting across all segments. It's certainly stronger when I look at our automation portfolio and when I look at the locomotive deliveries. But we're growing our services business. It's a business that -- so when I look at the former GE portfolio, it's going to be north of $2 billion of revenues.
Rafael Santana: So, our installed fleet of 23,000 locomotives, I think, provides really a significant opportunity here to look at a channel to sell our combined portfolio. And especially, internationally, with some of the strong relationships we have, we see a very good opportunity to grow market penetration as we bring the two portfolios together.
Raymond Betler: Okay. So, folks, you can see why I'm excited because this guy is a superstar and we're certainly excited to have Rafael in our executive management team. So, if you move to slide nine, you can see that we're making good progress on our synergy plan. We committed to $250 million of run rate synergies by 2022. And since we announced in May, our executive team, under the leadership of Al and his steering committee that included Al, Rafael, myself, have been meeting with senior members of our management team and functional leaders to focus on specific work streams or process streams within our organization. In addition, we had external candidates to add rigor to the process in terms of tracking, in terms of monitoring progress, as well as talent evaluation. We're able to actively review our progress and actions on a monthly basis, and we have regular integration and steering team meetings to do that. If you look at the five areas, the synergies that we've focused on were focused on opportunities in sourcing. We think there's tremendous opportunities in both direct and indirect spend. In SG&A, opportunities for reductions in cost in shared services as well as corporate cost, we mentioned in TSAs that are in place with GE Corp. that we will manage to eliminate as quickly as possible and to in-source those support services. IT is one of those services that's an area of great opportunity as we rationalize our systems and our networks. We have consolidation opportunities for our facilities, both in terms of office consolidation as well as factory consolidation worldwide. And finally, we have good revenue synergies that we believe exists, not only in the electronics area, but across the locomotive market. We talked about in-sourcing opportunities previously that will be associated with the components and subsystems that Wabtec has within our portfolio that can be sold into and integrated into complete locomotives. And we also have opportunities within our aftermarket business to combine aftermarket service and support into some of the MSAs that exist in the current GE portfolio. And with that, I want to turn it over to Pat Dugan, our CFO.
Raymond Betler: Thanks Pat. So, let me, one more time, tell you why we're so excited about this new combination and confident in our future. It truly is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for all of us. It's a milestone event in the history of rail transportation in the world. And if you look at the strategic rationale, the strength associated with this new combination start with our focus on technology and innovation. We'll be a very highly diversified engineering and product portfolio company. And we'll have products that can reach customers in 100 countries-plus all over the world. We'll have over 5,000 engineers of all different functional capabilities and backgrounds and disciplines to serve our customers in our product portfolio. One of the areas we believe is extremely strong is our position in electronics. And while were not a full-fledged signaling company, we are a very strong niche player in the areas that we do serve. And the beautiful thing about those areas, as I've explained before, is when we superimpose the product roadmap for automation that we have with which GE had, what we found was that the voids that existed in each were filled by the other company. So getting started on that opportunity in earnest is very exciting to us. We don't expect full automation to occur in a single step, but we do expect it to occur in a phased process, each phase representing an opportunity for us to generate high margin revenues. Some of those revenues will come in the aftermarket. The aftermarket opportunity in electronics and locomotives, in freight car, in transit are significant, and our position today is significant. It gives us a great foundation and platform to build on. And we think there's opportunities for us to leverage the complementarity of our existing positions in the aftermarket as well as the expertise that exists across the total corporation in Transit and Freight. We have a very strong pro forma financial profile, as Pat noted. And we're hitting this combination at a great time in the cycle. A year ago, we came out of the freight cycle, the downturn. And this year, the GE Transportation folks are experiencing the same in the locomotive side. And we have an extremely strong backlog to support the tailwinds that we believe exist in the market. Our opportunities to generate synergies are significant, they're worldwide and we've defined those as $250 million on a run rate basis with significant tax benefits that will drive value creation. And I honestly believe that as we explore in more detail our opportunities around the world, we'll find more opportunity through the creative and capable management team that we have in place. And finally, our cash flow profile. As Pat said, we had a really good fourth quarter. We believe that we'll be able to the build on that position, to continue to generate strong cash flow through 2019, which will allow us to further delever this company and eventually position us to look for new opportunities to invest. So, if you look across the business, if you knew the people that -- the way I do now after having the opportunity to start to become familiar with the management team on the GE side, having worked for over a decade with the management team on the Wabtec side, we're really putting together a powerful organization, proven leadership that is going to allow us to grow and to manage through the cycles across all of our businesses in the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tim.
Raymond Betler: Back on the share count. Wanted to explain how that happens. Because by the end of the year, we will get back up to the total amount, which is more like, what, about 193 million.
Raymond Betler: I think that there's always potential. So, you know our intention is to always push. So, we're going to be pushing our folks to accelerate as much as possible. But our best look right now is about $20 million net synergy effect for 2019 and it will be obviously heavier weighted towards the out years.
Raymond Betler: So, as far as the growth, we -- we're going to probably change a little bit going forward, Allison, as we transition from reporting purely on PTC to reporting what Tim has defined as train control, to reporting on our overall electronics, digital business, first of all. So, our mix of products and our product capability and ability to address the market is going to be a little bit different in the future compared to what it is today. So, if we just look back historically on last year, we exceeded significantly our forecast in the PTC area. The reason for that was there were additional projects that came in to complete the overall implementation of PTC. There are still -- hard to believe, but there are still projects that we're booking. They're small single-digit numbers, but there's still are few projects that will yet come in. Turnkey projects to implement, PTC for commuter lines. But the -- for the most part, the overall delivery of PTC has been completed. The system integration and commissioning is underway. Our focus for 2019 and 2020 will be on reliability, on supporting our customers to literally deploy across their total system PTC, so to obtain the safety Ks as well as full deployment. So, a lot of the work is not going to be significant revenues in terms of opportunities. It will be more associated with service enhancements and support. But as we start to combine our capabilities, we have products like movement planner, trip optimizer, local control from the GE side that are already being used to interface with customers to address some operational efficiency issues. So, there's a lot of talk across the industry about precision railroading. Our belief is that full automation is the ultimate solution to optimize precision railroading. So, we're trying to work with the railroads to start to focus on fuel efficiency, speed optimization and things like that. So, we will have growth within our business. We believe our overall electronics digital business will grow this year and will be our highest growth opportunity in the future. 
Raymond Betler: So, thanks, Allison. I just missed the first part of your question. So, the answer to your question, Allison, is yes, we continue to improve our overall performance within the Transit sector. We had, as you know, a lot of write-offs associated with large projects, particularly in the U.K. over the last two years. Those projects are starting to be completed. The largest literally has just finished its deliveries first quarter of this year. We've been able to -- I was spent a week over in the U.K. at the end of last year and I'll be back over there right at the end of this quarter to meet with every one of our customers. So, yes, the business is under control. We're starting to close down those projects. And we don't anticipate any significant problems as we've experienced in the past. For the overall Transit business, we still have a significant backlog of about $4 billion. We're in a good position. We're growing that business about two times market share on a worldwide basis. And the margins within the individual product areas are continuing to improve year-on-year. And we have productivity and operational performance objectives in place to accomplish that again this year.
Raymond Betler: Yes, we do not plan on providing an exact number for 2019 as far as locomotive build for various reasons. But I think that the general trend in the backlog and everything else gives you a good feel that we're counting on an increase, but we're not going to provide the absolute number.
Raymond Betler: And I would just say, in every one of our served markets, that's a common phenomenon, for customers, for a host of reasons, to push or delay the start of new orders. It's really not unusual at all.
Raymond Betler: Yes. I think, over time, Mike that opportunity will come up. So, for the existing orders that Rafael is currently filling with his locomotive, he obviously already has suppliers determined and fixed and approved by customers. But if you think about the $2 billion of aftermarket opportunities that he supports every year, there's flexibility, to some extent, in the supply base. So, on a short-term, I'd say the best opportunity is associated with the aftermarket; and in the medium term, on the new OEM business as he starts to get on new opportunities.
Raymond Betler: And one thing I would say about that is you can just imagine the benefits, efficiencies that you get when you're doing a complete system integration under one roof. You don't have communication issues in terms of understanding what the requirements are and expectations. You have one team of engineers that are basically designing from the locomotive down and from the component up. That's a huge advantage and opportunity for everyone.
Raymond Betler: Yes, I'd be happy to. We've settled with all but one of the unionized facilities associated with GE's business. If you recall, we did not accept the labor agreement, so we've had to renegotiate all those. We're negotiations with the folks up in Erie. Our view is very simple. We want to integrate that workforce into our organization. They have an agreement now such that what we've committed was a two-tiered wage structure that would allow us to be competitive internationally, that would not impact the wages of any of the existing legacy employees. And that's probably the biggest sensitivity that exists. So, we're working through that with the union. And we believe we'll be able to settle that agreement, hopefully, in the near term.
Raymond Betler: I think it's a little bit. Like what Rafael said, I think rolling stock is a little bit ahead of locomotives. But then, you have to get into the details in granular definition of rolling stock. So, there's different trends for different types of cars right now, as you know, Steve. And right now, we still have a significant backlog. We have, within our planned budget for this year, a significant increase, 2018 to 2019. So far, we're seeing that, and hopefully, it's going to continue throughout the year. Included in that are our international growth opportunities. So, more and more rolling stock providers, North American providers, are setting up shop in international communities. We're following those folks and supporting them, partnering with them. So, in addition to our North America growth, we have growth opportunities in the international side.
Timothy Wesley: Okay. Thanks Ray. So, Sean, you can go ahead and poll for questions. And again let me remind you that if you can limit yourself to one question and maybe one follow-up so that everybody has an opportunity, we would appreciate that. Go ahead Sean.
Timothy Wesley: I'll just add that -- so I mean, we do expect growth to be coming from this segment. The combination of what the two companies bring together will really be an accelerator here for automation. And as I have mentioned, we see automation having the single-biggest impact for railroad productivity, very much aligned with precision railroading and some of the efforts our customers currently have.
Timothy Wesley: The question, Ray, is the Transit. We've had a lot of issues in the Transit business. And obviously again the fourth quarter, the low margins, and -- is some of that behind us? Was the question. 
Timothy Wesley: Thanks Sean. Well, we appreciate everybody's attention this morning, and we look forward to talking to you or seeing you over the next weeks and months. Thanks very much. Have a good day.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, yes. Exactly. The share count is 177 million for all of these. And that's an annual number for all these purposes. The -- because of the first quarter, you only have the shares outstanding from today on. So, you'll have -- but that's a weighted average share count based on current calculation. The -- and then the recurring PPA, right there on page 15. 
Patrick Dugan: Yes, so the Q1 outstanding shares are -- right now are estimated 130 million shares outstanding. That's like a weighted average calc. Q2, Q3 and Q4 would be 193 million shares, so you end up with an annual weighted average of 177 million. And then of course, when you start again in 2020, you would be at the full 193 million. 
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So, the PPA is -- if you look at page 15, that's the very first column, at the negative purchase price accounting amortization that is related to intangibles that we do amortize.
Patrick Dugan: So, I think your 13% is a little low. But the increase year-over-year is -- that we're expecting is really going to be driven by the fact that we have the -- these projects which haven't performed so well winding down, as Ray was talking about earlier. So, as you replace those projects with more typical-performing transit projects, you have the improvement. But the rest of the margin improvement is going to come from -- as we expect, from our typical sources, as we focus on sourcing opportunities that we already had in place or were in process before we closed this deal, from our Lean efforts to drive cost out of the -- our plants and our operations. And lastly, the benefits of some of these restructuring programs, that we took, charges related to redundancies or other severance or other asset combinations as we've put plans together. So, all those things add up to an improving margin profile for 2019.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So, that's our current estimate based on the valuations for purchase price accounting for the recurring. That is a multiyear number. And once finalized, it shouldn't change. It's specific to the additional depreciation expense on assets that have been fair valued on intangible assets that have a life that we have to amortize to. So, that number is a non-cash D&A that's going to have many -- multiyear impact and that should be fairly stable. The one-time is related to the accounting rules that we have, to step-up inventory values to closer to its fair value and on some of the value that we have to attach to backlog. And so this is our current estimate of what we think that amount will be and will turn over -- typically, that's a 12-month process as we consume, use, and sell the inventory we have on hand at close and we deliver the backlog that has value attached to it. So, recurring is multiyear, non-recurring is -- it should be around 12 months.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. So, Matt, the way I would answer that is that the majority of the $250 million is coming from the cost side. We do have a little bit of revenue and associated EBIT that's been considered in the combination of the digital and electronics business But typically, we -- in our synergy plans, we have put in -- we are focused on cost. It doesn't mean that we don't think that there's great opportunity in those digital electronics combinations, but for the purposes of this integration, we have focused on cost.
Patrick Dugan: Yes. Well, you're referring to the latest registration statements and with that proxy and -- that the pro formas and -- numbers in there. We did highlight that when you compare it to those numbers that were originally generated over a year ago, that there was some impact from some shifting of backlog. That's what you're referring to. So, in terms of GE, so that comes down to the customer timing, their -- the estimated moment where we think that the orders will come in. All those things factor in. I would emphasize that the backlog coverage for Wabtec and for GE going forward is at a very high level and we're confident in those numbers.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, yes. So, the tax benefit is a cash-only benefit. It has -- and not to get into accountings for the income taxes, but yes. It's -- so it has a limited impact to the ETR and it's really only on a cash basis. But the first -- and you're right, the first few years that GE gets that benefit and it just comes through with additional consideration to GE. But then, we would realize the benefit of that -- of those tax items on a go-forward basis.
Patrick Dugan: Yes, I'm sorry. Yes. Okay. So, I'm going to say that we probably have -- bear with me, I would say pre-payable, we have the $500 million related to the short-term bond. And then we probably have about $600 million related to the line of credit and then we have other maturities that are five years out. 
