Albert J. Neupaver: Thank you, Pat. Once again, we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2015. Let's take one more look at 2015. Revenues increased 9% to a record $3.3 billion. Income from operations increased 15% to a record $608 million. EPS increased 13% to a record $4.10, and we ended the year with a backlog of more than $2.1 billion. Looking ahead at 2016, we're anticipating another record year with EPS guidance of between $4.30 and $4.50, with revenues expected to be flat to slightly up. We are pleased with our strategic progress and the long-term growth opportunities we see. We are responding aggressively to the current challenges in some of our markets. We remain excited about our long-term growth prospects, as countries around the world continue to invest in freight rail and passenger transit infrastructure. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce costs. We have an experienced management team and a dedicated group of employees that are taking advantage of our growth opportunities and responding to the challenges. With that, we'll be more than happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. If you take a look at the freight markets, the things that we have – the headwinds that we talked about and, I think, they've been discussed for a number of months, I don't think we need to repeat them. And, I think, Ray gave a pretty good analysis of the impact of that. Offsetting those are things that are growth initiatives. We're still excited about the growth and I think that our comment about we think that we'll get a slight growth out of our PTC train control signaling business is one thing that we feel will continue to grow into the future and provide some of that offsetting growth. If you look at our freight markets, they're not just here in North America and we have opportunities in new markets. Some of those markets are emerging countries, whether it'd be China, India. Ray made a mention of our involvement in Russia. We've got additional projects and even the mining countries that are seeing a slow – some slowness and impact from the commodity crisis, but we have projects that we're working on to grow. So, I think that all said and done, we have headwinds that we're faced with, but we also have a lot of things that we're excited about and been working on as far as growth strategies for a number of years. And hopefully, those are the things that we see will offset those challenges that are real.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. I think that was seven questions. Let's start out. I'm a very patient individual. So, as far as what we thought and how it's occurring, I think that the – our legal group, internal and external, gave us a pretty good indication how long the process would take. Whether we wanted to accept that or not, that's a whole another story. But – so I think we got good counsel and we understood that it's going to take time. When you think about, I think, the question – uncertainty related to the regulatory, we really can't comment on that. What we have said and we continue to say, it's not a matter of if, it's just a matter of when this will close. We have confidence, especially from our legal department and others inside and out, that we have to deal with the regulatory questions, respond to them, and it's just a matter of when this thing gets completed. As far as the impact on this year, we will obviously provide that information at the right time. When the close is imminent, we will definitely have a conference call, we'll explain the one-time costs, we'll explain what we would see from any accretion in the remainder of the year. I think it's premature to do that right now. So, we're going to continue working on the regulatory process. As we stated or anticipated, we could get this done by mid-year and it's just a matter of when and not if.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think, Allison, just to add a little bit to what Ray said, I think that what we may see is that now that there is an extension that the Class 1s take a breather and they try now assess what their programs are going to be over the next three years and how they're going to get there, and reassess how this priority lines up with their capital available to spend. So, we can't control that. I think if any effect, it would be that we'd come out of the beginning of the year here maybe a little bit of an impact because of wait-and-see. But as Ray said, I think a big misconception about PTC is that it's a limited product where we sell an onboard computer on locomotives. And maybe we've not done a good enough job to explain. But we vision this train control and signaling as a long-term opportunity and probably growth for many years to come. Our vision with this is that we really feel that we want to work toward creating intelligent trains and have a more automated total system that operates the Class 1s. That would mean less infrastructure for them and it would improve their safety, productivity and efficiencies and reliability. Right now, in addition to the onboard computer, I mean, we offer dispatch systems, we offer back-office servers. We're working on enhancements to these systems related to wireless crossing activation, navigation enhancements, upgrading the computer itself. Keep in mind that this was all based on a computer that I think we would have sourced and developed in 2006, 2007 timeframe. Is that right, Ray? About that timeframe. So that – there's opportunities for upgrade. We're working on fuel management, dispatch movement planning, locomotive data collection, monitoring, diagnostics. And as Ray mentioned, for example, the MRS, we're going to be moving from – we put in a total system that is operating – they're getting all these efficiencies things and we're moving into the maintenance and service portion of that business. So, these all create an opportunity. The worldwide market in signaling is huge, and we're a small player. A lot of that is transit in both Asia and Europe. But it's a $22 billion market. And we want to grow our PTC train control signaling market over time, and when we talk about growth, could there be a quarter where it's less because of capital priorities? Obviously. But there's a lot of things driving our PTC business. And I just want to make sure we clarify that opportunity a little better than we've done in the past.
Albert J. Neupaver: Let me take that. If you look at the progress that the railroads issued through the AAR, basically they have spent $6 billion out of an estimated $9 billion or $10 billion. I think it's more like $10 billion estimated sale before they get this thing operational. Of the route miles that will be PTC-ready, by the end of 2016, it will be 38% and I'll give you the exact numbers. I'm looking at them. At the end of 2016, 63% of the 22,000 locomotives will be equipped with PTC. Transit adds another 3,000 to that. And I'll talk about transit separate. Half of the employees will be trained and about 87% of the trackside signaling systems will be ready. And 77% of the base station radios will be installed. So, you could realize that up to this point, we have about $1.3 billion of revenue that we've talked about on this whole signaling arena over the last – since I think 2008 is when we might have started reporting, or even a little later than that. So that gives you a relative amount, 80%. I mean, I think it's around $800 million that we have in freight. So, you could get a relative feel for, based on those percentage of completion on what it might be. But that is only one portion of our PTC system. If you look at the transit business, they estimate that they will cost probably about $3.5 billion. And we have about $300 million of revenue over that same timeframe. And if we look at where we think they're at, counting the – they actually put out a publication that showed what transit authorities will be complete in 2016 and estimated it out into 2020 actually. And we're about a third of the way on getting PTC ready on the transit. So, there is a lot of room in those areas and then on top of that is really the opportunity is we want to have enhancements, we want to try to work toward our vision of having this intelligent train, and we have the service agreements that are kicking in.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, the rail volumes have multiple impacts. The first impact is in the aftermarket business that we have. And generally, it's any impact that we have would be proportional to that metric, okay, or that change. But also, what happens when car-loadings come down, the demand for railcars and locomotives could decline. We probably have reflected that type of decline already. I think our estimate is probably aggressive on being flat, but that's how we see it. We read the same reports. We'll see what happens. I just wanted to make sure you knew. Keep in mind, when you develop these plans, doing the plans, I think we start in August, September timeframe, right, Pat? And things change as you go. And these are some of the assumptions that we have, and we want to be open about what those assumptions are.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think, Mike – I think the real important thing you said is that there are structural or secular changes that happen in the railroad. We're not going to – if you look at coal, it'll be declining. It's hard to tell what other structural changes we'll have related – crude by rail and some of the other things, the headwinds they're being faced with. Those kind of things, obviously, are a concern and could impact just how money is spent related to capital. However, I think the reduction of capital is appropriate due to the – not only the structural changes but the recessionary changes that we see, and we're not immune from being impacted by any change in capital. But I think whenever they do reduce their capital, I think prudently, they look at the prioritization of where they form that out. And the things that we're concentrated on are critical to safety, efficiencies, productivities. So, some of it could be more discretionary and have an impact. It is a meaningful thing for us to look at. So, we do follow it. And I think it has an impact long term and short term.
Albert J. Neupaver: We've seen most of those bottom out in 2015. I think a lot of them, we feel, have bottomed out. We've diversified that group which makes up like 15% of our total revenue. And in a couple of areas, Ray mentioned one, power generation, our product development gives us a nice opportunity late in the year or into 2017. But those are the things we're working on, broaden those offerings in those specialized areas of power generation, friction and thermal management. But we think they've kind of bottomed out. But that really depends on what happens to the economy. And that not only relates to that portion of our business, but it really relates to the rail portion. More so, the economy drives, as you know, it's the market driver for the freight rail. The transit rail is driven by public funding as well as ridership. And we think that'll be stable.
Albert J. Neupaver: Our experience has been proportional. There's always one-time items, but over the year – over the 10 years I've been involved in it, it's pretty proportional.
Albert J. Neupaver: We don't actively look at ton-miles right now because of – I know with the decline in coal, the measure year-to-year has become less, I guess, applicable. So, we've been looking at car-loadings.
Albert J. Neupaver: Sure. If you look at freight, international sales in freight in the fourth quarter was – 32% of the total was international. For the year of 2015, it was 36% international. For transit, it was 65% in the fourth quarter and 66% for the year. So consolidated, the 45% for the fourth quarter and 47% for the year was international sales.
Albert J. Neupaver: ... that's a big change of it. So, if you look at Faiveley, I think when we gave the presentation, when we announced it, we're going to end up with more like that number would be more like 59% or 60% outside of the U.S.
Albert J. Neupaver: What we understand is there was a 10% increase in funding for year one. And the normal transit is about $10 billion. So, that's about $1 billion. And remember, I talked about $3.5 billion...
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Again, in our estimate, we think that the entire global signaling market is about $22 billion a year.
Albert J. Neupaver: That doesn't mean we play in that right now. We view that as a big pond that we'd like to play more in.
Albert J. Neupaver: We really can't comment on the process. We're right in the middle of both the European Commission as well as the DOJ processes. So, we really can't comment on that. It will become clear as we go forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: And this is not abnormal. The only thing that's abnormal is the number at one time. Otherwise, we wouldn't even mention it. It's a normal process they go through. It's delay after delay. But right now, there is a kind of a backlog of these things that were worth discussing.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yeah, that's exactly what we see is contributing to what we've talked about sequentially – seeing business change over the year. Exactly.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think a lot of it will have to do with what the economy does and what that order rate is during 2016. We know that the backlog, I think it was $111 million or something like that, and you subtract the $60 million and there's backlog to really soften the downturn in the railcar build. But if the economy head south, I think that there could be a bigger impact in 2017 and 2018.
Albert J. Neupaver: In order to get the EPS growth that we have, we would obviously be able to improve our – there's got to be a margin improvement if we won't get the contribution from the volumes. So...
Albert J. Neupaver: ...outside of the U.S. So, as far as margin, I think that it's comparable to what we get. I think if you really step back, I think we set the standards for technology globally in the freight markets.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, we will not deny that we get the benefit of volume on the way up. And it really – something that we focus on eliminating on the way down. When you look at the margin improvement and you consider the FX, I don't think we've really broken that out, but I'm quick to say that volume hikes works and we really have to focus on that, especially as – those businesses where volume is coming down. And those have to be structural or you won't get the results.
Albert J. Neupaver: That's exactly right, Steve. I mean, you have to change your structure on the way down. If you don't, you're going to – you'll go down at a much larger contribution margin than you went up.
Albert J. Neupaver: One thing that I'll share with you that Ray and his team presented to our board, contingency plans, some of which have started to be implemented late last year. Others are going to be implemented as our assumptions either prove right or wrong. I think that Ray left the board with a lot of confidence that they're ready to take the right actions that are needed to manage through any kind of challenge that we're faced with. We all have to admit that there's tremendous uncertainty. As we look forward, only thing we want to do is draw a line and say here's what our assumptions were. Whether they're right or wrong, we don't know. But we're ready to react to them.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Well, we really want to thank you for your participation and look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter or sooner.
Raymond T. Betler: And I think, Scott, as far as your question about timing, you know we don't control the timing. But you asked basically, is it unusual, abnormal if you look at the Alstom acquisition and that whole transaction, and then others that are – have occurred recently, I think it's pretty consistent.
Raymond T. Betler: No, I don't think so, Allison. I think it's a mixed portfolio, it includes international business, as well as domestic business. I think what most – I think the Class 1s are still very much engaged and very focused on completing the PTC implementation. That's certainly our experience in the day-to-day interaction with our customers, so I don't see that in parallel. We're in the process; we're very close to signing several service agreements, which we told you that would come after we did the OEM portion of the installation. So, we're already started on developing new-generation equipment enhancements and other things. So – and there's going to be productivity improvements that come with the equipment itself. So, I think for all those reasons, we feel pretty good about our guidance on the PTC side.
Raymond T. Betler: Yes. And just, Allison, one more thing. Sorry to belabor the PTC issue, but it's something we're very excited about, very focused on. If you look at how long it's taken Class 1s to do their PTC implementation, recall that a lot of transit authorities, again, did not have funding up till now. This FAST Act bill provides funding. Now they virtually have three years to implement their systems. That's from start. So, that's not – that's a very, very compressed period of time for the transit authorities. So, while the Class 1s may extend, prolongate a little bit their investment and their program, the Class 1s really are going to be motivated to get it done.
Raymond T. Betler: I think we've talked about the margins before, Justin, as being comparable to the PTC business as a whole. It's good business for us and we think it will continue to be. As far as the timing goes, we're anticipating several of those service agreements to be in place in Q1.
Raymond T. Betler: I really appreciate the question and what we don't do is we really don't give quarterly guidance because of fluctuations. However, directionally, there is a lot of headwinds. And I think some of the things that we said about the backlog and programs have been delayed and we'll kick in during the year. Maybe readjusting of how people allocate the capital related to PTC, I think directionally, we're telling you how we see it and we think that it will sequentially improve as the year goes on, and that's without providing exactly where we start from.
Raymond T. Betler: Okay, Matt. So in the past, we've talked about transit projects and explained it. It's relatively normal in the transit industry because of the paperwork process, approval process, commissioning process to – for these projects to be delayed. And so there's projects like our 179 (55:51) in New York, CTA, the BART projects, those are all huge projects in the transit industry. Every one of those projects is delayed relative to their original schedule. So, if you go back to the time when those projects were awarded to the car builders and look at what the commitment milestone dates were, some of those projects are up to two years delayed. And again, I want to emphasize, it's not a criticism on any car builder; it's not an unusual situation in the transit industry. Those projects are moving along, though. They're obviously not going away. They're going to be delivered and we have revenue streams associated with all of them. On the new project side, the CTA project, it's in process. It's associated with CTA 5000. There's another huge build or huge buy coming up, CTA 7000. That procurement has been delayed two years. So that's still going to go ahead. If you look at the bill that was just put out and approved by Congress in the transit area alone, they've allocated additional monies for 10 projects that are already under construction that need additional funding. Those are places like LA, San Francisco, Honolulu, Boston. But then, in addition, there's another 31 projects that the U.S. government has identified that have been asking for funding that hasn't been able to receive that are going to come. So, existing projects are – I would not be exaggerating to tell you every project we're involved with is delayed at car-builder delivery level. So that just, again, emphasizes it's not unusual. There's various levels of delay and there a lot of new projects coming.
Raymond T. Betler: No. Art, the offset, we feel a lot better about it today than we did previous to the FAST Act being enacted. So, this basically addresses the void that existed for all these transit authorities who were doing the planning, but couldn't go through the implementation.
Raymond T. Betler: So, the freight is pretty stagnant. It's always been pretty stagnant, to be honest. It's not really a significant market in terms of rail overall. The transit market continues to be a good market. We continue to get a relatively steady, increasing the number of projects year-on-year. So, our business has grown, the overall investment in the market is relatively steady. It has not declined and the government on a regular basis injects stimulus money into the economy, focused on their transit projects. They have about 40 active projects in process in China, and so there's various opportunities for us across those projects. Additionally, the Chinese industry has become much more aggressive about coming into the international market and competing. We have scope on several projects in various continents in South America. They're obviously here now in North America. They are competing for this large job in Chicago. We already won the job with them in Boston, and they're planning to compete in Europe. So, their industry is – while their economy is in probably a recession, their transit and rail industry, transit in particular, is still pretty active and strong.
Raymond T. Betler: No. It's just performance-related issues, Jason. A lot of it is associated with approvals, software submittals, design reviews, first article inspections. So, the process is cumbersome and bureaucratic and it takes time. And often, it does not anticipate the iterations you have to go through in each of those cycles.
Raymond T. Betler: I got the transit book-to-bill, the 12 month was a little under 1, I think it was 0.94. And the total was 1.2.
Raymond T. Betler: I don't recall a discussion of contribution margin, but as far as the approach to the market, no, we're approaching the markets in a similar way. As a matter of fact, in freight, it's a little bit behind transit in this respect. But in freight, a lot of the car builders are now participating on an international basis. Greenbrier, for instance, won this big order in Saudi Arabia. We won the opportunity to supply to them. So, obviously, they're a big customer of ours in North America. So, we have relationships with some South, CTX (1:13:08) and other players. In addition, I mentioned the Chinese, they're coming out from the other direction from the East, and we're participating with them. And there's a nice mix of aftermarket business and OEM business on the international market.
Raymond T. Betler: No. We have a standard process that basically looks at ROI. There's a requirement from all business units to fill out this capital appropriations request, it's essentially a business plan that justifies the investment. And if they can exceed the hurdle rates that we give them, we'll make the investment.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. We said we expect transit cars to be up somewhere around 4% and buses, we – I think didn't mention it, but we expect it to be about flat.
Raymond T. Betler: Yeah. We can only speculate a little bit, but our feeling is that because of the pending deadline, which was the end of 2015, there might have been some spending that happened in that fourth quarter period that would've otherwise happened into the first quarter. And that's why we think they're going to regroup and take a real look at their programs now that the time has been extended through the end of 2018.
Raymond T. Betler: We've been pretty consistent in being able to significantly improve our margins in every one of our market sectors. So that is obviously the charge that we've given our group execs and our business units. And they have plans in place that they're accountable for that they are committed to deliver on. We manage those on a monthly basis and have confidence that we're going to do exactly what we've done in the past and that's continue to improve our margins year-on-year.
Patrick D. Dugan: Allison, it's Pat. So, I mean, our philosophy has always been that we're trying to match the costs that we incur in restructuring and reductions with benefits within the quarter. So, I would say that they're probably not really material to the fourth quarter. And we've obviously targeted these head-count reductions in other areas that we reduce our costs going forward, really in line with – as our revenues are evolving.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah. We typically give like a quarterly run rate and we think that the run rate – our fourth quarter had some costs related to supporting the transaction as they're working on it. So we're thinking we're around $88 million to $90 million a quarter. I think that's a pretty safe number to use in your model.
Patrick D. Dugan: Yeah, is an average. I think you have to look our – we have a calendar year and we have like a 13-week quarter, so you end up with kind of extra days in the fourth quarter, you end up with – any given quarter you'll have discrete items that might come through. But I think that using those numbers as an average for the year would be a good jump-off point.
