Albert J. Neupaver: Thanks, Al. Once again we had a good performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Taking one final look back at 2011. Revenues increased 31% to a record $1.97 billion. Income from operations increased 41% to a record $286 million, excluding the special items that we reported in the second quarter. EPS increased 45% to a record $370 million, again, excluding those second quarter items. And our backlog ended the year at a record $1.55 billion.  Looking ahead at 2012, we are expecting another record year with EPS guidance of about $4.30 on revenue growth of about 10%. Longer term, we could not be more pleased with our strategic progress and the growth opportunities that we see. We continue to benefit from our diverse business model and the Wabtec Performance System, which provides the tools we need to generate cash and reduce cost. We have an experienced management team that manage aggressively through the tough times and is poised to take advantage of our growth opportunities.  With that, we'd be happy to answer your questions.
Albert J. Neupaver: It's, yes. Between transit and freight, we probably were looking at half and half, and the international portion would be probably about 25% of the total.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've done a few analysis internally when the committee made their announcement about potential delays and we've look at it in the past. And you're exactly right, Allison, I think that near term, you don't see a lot of change as you go further out, closer to the deadline period is where it would be impacted.
Albert J. Neupaver: Sure. It is all organic. We never budget for acquisitions, that's opportunistic. As far as the 2 aspects, it's probably equal across both transit and freight.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think we're still seeing quite a bit of activity at the rail car builders. I've talked to a few just here in the last couple of weeks and they seem to still be pretty busy and looking for a good 2012.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. I think if you take a look at the guidance, there's a little bit of intuitive way that we're thinking. There's an explanation the way we're thinking. You're looking at revenues were up 10%, EPS is up 15%. So as we look backward and evaluate how we performed in 2011, and we talk about -- I used the term contribution margin, you could call it flow through, whatever. We think that we should be able to get flow throughs in the low 20%, plus 20%, around 21%, 22%. And for the year, when you take back the adjustments, it was 19% and even in the fourth quarter, it was lower. So we think that, obviously, we've always been focused on continuous improvement when it comes to margin and we think that those improvements are possible as we go into 2012.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, we've -- one, you almost have to be opportunistic, because you have to be able to analyze and get things that are available. But we do target various parts of the world and, obviously, international has been one of those areas. We'd like to increase our international presence, especially in those areas where an acquisition would give us a better platform to grow from. We also look at acquisitions that could broaden the product offering that we have and could be a bolt on to the businesses that we're currently involved in. We're looking for acquisitions that are strategic, that allows for growth in those 4 areas. So we've targeted a number of areas, and I think that probably if you had to prioritize them, international would probably be the first priority we'd be looking at, and probably second would be those bolt-ons that broaden the product offering.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. The bid processes take a little bit of time. I would think that probably more than half of them, probably in the range of 60%, 70% of them have started discussions in earnest and they've all looked at it and have programs going forward. So, yes, they'll take a little longer. And just a reminder, what I said in the remarks, they also have to find ways to fund it. So federal funding's going to have to be there for most of those projects to go forward.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that longer contracts don't necessarily have to have lower margins. So, yes, I'm not saying that.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. In China, we've made great progress. If you take a look at where we were 5 years ago, basically, we had just a small amount of sales. This year, we'll complete the year with revenues in about $70 million range. We expect that to grow double digits, could approach $100 million here in the next 12 to 18 months or so, definitely in the next 2 years. We have 5 operating joint ventures. Those joint ventures support the freight railroads. We have a friction joint venture that sells product to freight and transit applications in China. We have a JV that is max heat exchangers for power generation and we have 2 transit JVs that make products for transit cars, both the couplers. And our newest JV will be related to break-in products. Good progress. We definitely feel that China is a nice opportunity for us. We view it as a window of opportunity. Some of the projects that we're seeing a lot of activity on in China is projects that they're exporting products and products that are, where our product is being specified. Our growth in Brazil continues to develop. We have a service center, we have a separate friction company that we acquired and we have a -- the major contracts. So we have an operating office and some manufacturing, now, related to that contract in Brazil. And we see future growth opportunities there, as well.
Albert J. Neupaver: We've made good progress. We've got 2 different type of market places in heat exchangers in China. One is related to the power generation and we have been supplying product into the railroad area on the locomotive. So we do have heat exchanger products that are going in there. Both are doing well and we've done a nice job in penetrating the market.
Albert J. Neupaver: There's some export content and some -- the power generator, almost all made in China. But the rail product, we do export product from here into there and some of that product, the power gen stays in China as does the rail product right now. Although they may export some locomotives, but most of the locomotives have been used in country.
Albert J. Neupaver: That's why we identified -- these were extraordinary and normally we don't. If it balances out, we really don't make any reference, and there were none in the fourth quarter of 2010 and/or the third quarter.
Albert J. Neupaver: We seem to be going full steam ahead here and as are they. There's still that deadline. There's a lot of work to be done and we're making great progress with them. I don't see any change in their behavior whatsoever.
Albert J. Neupaver: We haven't given that number specifically. I think you could take a look at what we saw in 2010 to '11 and make some assumptions from that.
Albert J. Neupaver: In 2010, we had -- I think, sales with PTC around $26 million, $28 million. And I think this year, we have about $125 million.
Albert J. Neupaver: Nothing major. There's a few expansions related to, probably, service -- in the service area. But no major projects.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, I think that there is no -- I'm not aware of any supply chain major issues that exist. And I think that the one that existed early in 2011 that kind of ran into mid-year pretty much behind them. So I think what you did see and you're exactly right, you saw orders come in at 16,000 and deliveries at 16,000 for the fourth quarter. And there's a hefty backlog. The thing that we would prefer to see, we can't control it. It would be a more level approach to both orders. Well, orders could come in straight but deliveries we'd like to see a little more level approach to it. And I think that's possibly that's what we will see as we go in 2012.
Albert J. Neupaver: Without a doubt, it's supported it last time we had this peak. But I think, hopefully, discipline will prevail here.
Albert J. Neupaver: It was at Vapor and Motopower, which is our locomotive manufacturing operation. I'm sorry, Vapor Rail, yes.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes. That's -- I think it's a valid question. I think as we look at our guidance, we really think we're going to have some balanced opportunities going forward. Is the number conservative when it comes to either one of them? Possibly. And we tend to be conservative.
Albert J. Neupaver: No, we're indifferent basically, it's about the same. And we've always given out about our share adjusted contents right around $4,000 per car build.
Albert J. Neupaver: Well, there's a lot of people that are working on signaling systems around the world and so there's people out there that provide different types of systems. I think the key to North America is the fact that these systems have to inter operate. We've got operating systems, it's been operating in over 5 years on the BNSF railroad and I'm sure that there's other systems out there that could run. But I think the amount of testing and qualification that's going to be required is large, but we are conservative in our numbers based on the fact that, if we can do it I'm sure someone else can, and that's how we view it.
Albert J. Neupaver: Yes, it's very difficult. There's a lot of projects that are out there. And what happens when you have the uncertainty that it's not the projects that we'd see in the next couple of years. We're talking about projects that we'd like to see on the table right now being discussed and designed, that would be 4, 5, 6 years out, the projects that are already beyond the design phase. And what happens when there's uncertainty on the funding, there seems to be a reluctance to start looking at those and you see a lot more people wanting to overhaul repair existing instead of new designs. So that's the pent up demand that we were talking about. And it's really probably more long term than it is near future.
Albert J. Neupaver: I think that the markets themselves when you make a prediction in earnings 11 months or 10 months, you're only a 1.5 months into it, it's hard to predict. And I think the markets performed better than we had anticipated, especially the freight recovery. I think that the development that we had related to growth and some of the new product areas. And lastly is we don't predict acquisitions, so they're not in our plan. You had that together with our general typical way of being conservative, that would reflect what happened in 2011.
Albert J. Neupaver: Okay. Well, thank you all for participating in our conference call and look forward to seeing you either personally or talking to you again at, I believe, it's April, next call. Thanks a lot.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: The problem is it's not all PTC. It's installation of all the communication units because the contract is much bigger than PTC. So just isolating the PTC part of it, is very, very difficult. Off top of my head, to be honest, it's pretty difficult.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think that's very astute, and you're absolutely right. There is a difference between, to be honest, how quickly you get paid in the states versus abroad. Inventory is inventory, and the main issue with inventory doesn't relate -- it relates more to outsourcing, which is that if you outsource to China, or if you outsource to low-cost countries, your inventory balances are necessarily going to go up because it takes a while to get them from the source country back to the using country, you can call it that. But in essence, inventory's inventory. But receivable balances tend to be higher in Europe and they tend to be higher in China. And from our perspective, we say we want to stress quick collection everywhere around the globe. But it is more challenging abroad than it is here in the states, you're right.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: Give me one second, it's a little bit over a $1 billion. For the ending balance sheet, we have preliminary balance sheet that's still subject to completion, but it's about $1.050 billion, somewhere roughly in that neighborhood.
Alvaro Garcia-Tunon: I think so, Tom. It's been impacted by acquisitions as well as a couple of other items. But I think going forward, our run rate, right where you said, it's somewhere between $60 million to $62 million would be good. So if you want to pick the midpoint, I think that'd be a good run rate.
