Steven M. Mollenkopf: Hi, Mike (sic) [Matt] (20:39), it's Steve. I didn't hear the front part of that. And also, it's kind of hard for me to talk about rumors or any particular, let's say, media report. I will say that our road map and the positioning of, in particular, our modem road map, we feel very good about. Not only the ones that are already launched, but if you look at the upgrades that are going to occur to LTE upstream of 5G and then when you get to 5G, I think we're going to be – we feel very good about that positioning. We can go into that in some detail. But I would say, the overall sense of the competitive dynamic, we feel quite good about.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Hi, this is Steve. I would echo what Don said earlier. It's very difficult to look at any one particular data point, whether it's true or not and kind of come to a conclusion. I think it's also important for investors to understand, we really try to compartmentalize our engagement with Apple. We have a product engagement and we have a dispute over, really, the price of IP. And I think if you net that all together, we do have a lot of engagement with the company and we do speak and are engaged on a daily basis with them across multiple areas that I've mentioned. But we try to compartmentalize those two discussions. And as I've said many times before, I think there are a lot of levers between the company to figure out things. I just think we're not at a point where we're announcing anything different, and I think we want to be upfront that this could take some time to resolve. But we're working very hard on the product side to make sure that we continue to be a good supplier and a good showcase for our innovation products.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Brett, hi, it's Steve. I would say it's something that we look at all the time. We have, as you know, over the course of the company's history, looked at this in I think a formal way a number of times. But it's something that we always look at. And, however, I think I would just remind folks that we're now sitting here – if you look at what most people are working on in the company, we're trying to drive 5G and we're very excited about that. And I think that's good for both businesses and it's something that we think is going to have a long-term payoff for the company. And I think as you could tell from our actions, we really view the ability to drive both innovation ahead of the market and have a channel to move that into the market is very important. So that continues to be something we think contributes to long-term growth, but it's also an area or it's a topic that we look at all the time to make sure that we are driving shareholder value as best we can. But nothing really to talk about here other than, I would say, the primary focus on driving 5G and what that means really to our business structure is very important at the moment for us.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Okay. I'll give you my perspective on it, which I think is, we're already in the position in the industry where the impact of 5G coming in 2019 is impacting the feature set even in 4G. So if you look at 4G, the push to Gigabit LTE – and actually there's even another update before we get to 5G that you'll see roll out into the networks. So I would say, we're already in the early stages where it's very important to have that road map, not only to deliver products into 2019, but I think to be meaningful in the networks that lead up to that 2019 transition. And so, if you're getting the sense that we are more aggressively pushing 5G and the higher tier feature set of 4G, I think that will be an accurate read. I would also say that it's not just us, our OEM customers and, in particular, I would say leading tier, high tier Android OEMs are taking that modem feature set aggressively as well. So we think that's a good strategic position to be in. We are driving it hard. And I think we're all going to be pleased with the initial ramps and the speed by which people are going to go to 5G, and we're certainly going to try to make that happen.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, thank you. I just wanted to again thank the Qualcomm employees for a very strong year of execution and, in particular, I would say the broad-based delivery of products and earnings growth in QCT. Thanks a lot, folks. Appreciate it very much. Looking forward to driving 5G and a strong 2018. Thank you.
Donald J. Rosenberg: James, this is Don Rosenberg. I'll take the first part of that. On the regulators, we are, as we said before, working with the rest of the regulators that haven't yet cleared. As you recall, we have five regulators who have cleared already. We are deeply engaged with the others and we are making progress. It's a little slower than we'd like to make, but that's more the process than anything else. And we are feeling good about our engagement and that we were going to get to the end as quickly as we can with them.
Donald J. Rosenberg: Stacy, I'll take the first part of it. It's Don. First of all, there is really no contradiction to be cleared between our arguments in court and statements that, as you indicate, Derek and others made. And I think we'll get into the second part of your question in a minute. What we argued in court, under the court standard, which as we've said is a very strict standard, which is very hard to meet in the context of a contract case. We thought we had a pretty strong argument. And, unfortunately, the judge didn't ultimately agree with that. But the court arguments were not inconsistent with what we've said. If you're thinking about the notion of irreparable harm versus, as you describe it, kind of linkage to others, it's a different concept. And I think we were pretty clear in how we argued that position.
Donald J. Rosenberg: Yes, it's Don. It's important to keep in mind that litigation of this size and magnitude takes a while, and you can't focus on any particular event in the short-term. As you know, there are multiple cases that have been brought by Apple and multiple cases that have been brought by us, and we're going through a process. There'll be some motion practice; there'll be some discovery disputes. But that process is going to proceed under the court's schedule. I would say that, as you know, we brought a couple of patent cases against Apple in the ITC and district court here in the United States, in Germany, and in China. And those tend to move a little faster in the ITC, Germany and China, than litigation generally. And so, I would say that those will be on somewhat faster track, including potentially Germany by some time mid to end of 2018. And China, too, we expect to be on a fairly fast track. And as you know, the ITC action will move forward rather quickly. But until then, I don't think you're going to see much that's going to be of any particular consequence in terms of the ultimate outcome. And it'll play out the way a lot of this kind of complex litigation plays out generally.
George S. Davis: Yes. Stacy, this is George. The Q4 results had a very small amount of, what I would call, out-of-period or catch-up dollars in it. So no material effect. Really, the improvement was driven by the strength of the market relative to our expectations in the guide. If you look at our Q1 guide, I would say we probably would be up a little bit more if we had out-of-period amounts similar to what we had in Q4. So it's having a little bit of impact Q4 to Q1, but we're still showing the strong guide.
George S. Davis: Hey, Tim. It's George. On the TRDS, we took a look at whether or not once we had the two disputes, whether the TRDS number that we used to give out really had any information in it. And we felt it was actually just confusing and we find ourselves reconciling a bunch of numbers. So we went straight from Point A to Point B and just guided revenue, which we think gives a lot of visibility into what we think is happening in the business. We do think the underlying trends are actually quite strong. And you're seeing the benefit of that both in growth of the licensable market even if we're not fully participating in it. We've seen good growth in device sales globally. And it's being driven by strong ASPs, which is also having a positive impact in the mix and the performance of the company, where we're very well-positioned in the markets where we're seeing the largest impact and, in particular, China. So I think we're sensitive to your concern. And if we can find a way to get out more information that is actually helpful and gives insight into the business on TRDS, we will. But in the meantime, we feel like guiding revenue is perhaps the best alternative.
George S. Davis: Yes. We've said that we're still working towards closing in the year. But, clearly, we have some activities going on at regulators that are taking a bit longer than we thought. So we could see it slip into early 2018, but we're confident it's on track to close and are still working to close it in the year.
George S. Davis: Yes. The second licensee, the facts and circumstances around that actually started before the other dispute and have issues that are unique to that licensee. And that will go play at its own pace and will be unrelated to – unless it's coincidentally resolved at the same time as the Apple dispute.
George S. Davis: Yes. Right now, we're really just focused on the regulatory close. We think $110 is a very full price. And I think as you saw on NXP's earnings release, the management team there is also reinforcing that $110 is an attractive price for their stockholders as well. So, right now, we'll stay focused on just getting this thing to the finish line.
George S. Davis: We are not putting out full year guidance, but we did give an indication of Q1, which again continues the strength in margins in QCT. 2017 was a very, very strong year. You saw EBT up over 50% and six straight quarters of margin expansion. So we think that the fundamentals of strong markets, strong products, growth in the adjacencies, are all factors that will continue into 2018 and help margins.
George S. Davis: Yes. We had a dispute settlement. And because the dispute settlement was with a customer, it has to be taken as counter revenue. So that was the difference between the GAAP and the non-GAAP revenue.
