Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Cristiano, and good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining our call during a busy earnings week. I’ll start with our first fiscal quarter results. Consistent with our prior guidance, we delivered revenues of $9.5 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.37. QTL recorded revenues of $1.52 billion and EBT margin of 73%, reflecting slightly lower global handset units. QCT revenues were $7.9 billion and EBT margin was at the high end of our guidance range at 28%. Handset revenues of $5.8 billion reflected the impact of industry-wide headwinds we had previously communicated. IoT revenues were up 7% year-over-year to $1.7 billion, mainly driven by growth from our edge networking products. Automotive continued its momentum with year-over-year revenue growth of 58% to $456 million, driven by the adoption of our Snapdragon Digital Chassis. Non-GAAP operating expenses were lower than our guidance, decreasing 6% sequentially, which includes the benefit of certain cost actions we outlined last quarter. Our balance sheet remains strong with $8.2 billion in cash and marketable securities at the end of the first fiscal quarter. In addition, we expect to receive a majority of the transaction price of $1.5 billion on the completion of the sale of Veoneer’s active safety business to Magna by SSW Partners. We expect the transaction to close by the end of the fiscal year. We returned $2.1 billion to stockholders, including $1.3 billion in stock repurchases and $842 million in dividends, in line with our capital return program. Lastly, our GAAP EPS results included a $0.10 benefit from the U.S. tax requirement to capitalize and amortize R&D expenses. This benefit is excluded from our non-GAAP results. Before turning to second fiscal quarter guidance, I’ll provide an update on short-term cyclical headwinds facing the semiconductor industry. The environment continues to be dynamic with challenging macroeconomic conditions and COVID headwinds in China, driving industry-wide demand weakness. Given this uncertainty, we are incorporating a negative bias for 3G, 4G, 5G handset volumes for calendar ‘23 relative to calendar ‘22. The impact of broadening demand weakness across handsets and IoT products and the easing of supply constraints has contributed to elevated channel inventory. Based on our current assessment, we expect QCT customers to continue to draw down on inventory, at least through the second and third fiscal quarters. At this point, we’re optimistic that the demand and channel inventory may normalize during the second half of the calendar year, and we remain in a strong position to take advantage of the opportunity when it occurs. While our business is not immune to the macro environment, we are confident in our ability to navigate this landscape. As Cristiano summarized, we have continued to expand our actions to reduce operating expenses beyond the initiatives we previously outlined. While we are reducing spending on handsets and SG&A, we continue to fund our diversification investments in IoT and automotive, which is consistent with our long-term strategy for the business. The initial benefit of these actions is reflected in our fiscal first quarter results and second quarter guidance. Overall, we are targeting a combined 5% reduction in non-GAAP operating expenses relative to our fiscal ‘22 exit rate. Turning to guidance for the second fiscal quarter. We are forecasting revenues of $8.7 billion to $9.5 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.05 to $2.25. The midpoint of our guidance includes an assumption of lower end market demand and the continued drawdown of channel inventory. We are forecasting QTL revenues of $1.25 billion to $1.45 billion and EBT margins of 66% to 70%, reflecting a sequential seasonal decline in handset units. In QCT, we estimate revenues of $7.4 billion to $8 billion and EBT margins of 25% to 27%. We expect handsets and automotive revenue to be flat sequentially, offset by a reduction in IoT revenues due to the factors I just outlined. We estimate non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $2.25 billion. This reflects the typical calendar year increases for certain employee-related costs, offset by the savings from our cost reduction actions. In closing, with the uncertainty of the macro environment, we will remain focused on operating discipline and managing the factors we control. Our diversification strategy is on track, as evidenced by our design win pipeline across IoT and automotive customers. In addition, our long-term secular growth opportunity remains unchanged. We are focused on executing on our strategy, enabled by our leading technology road map and best-in-class product portfolio. Thank you. Back to you, Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Samik, it’s Akash. Really from a handset launch perspective, especially in the tiers that Qualcomm is very strong at, we’re continuing to see our customers launch on time. So, you’re -- we obviously saw the Samsung launch happen yesterday. Our Chinese OEMs are also planning to launch their devices on schedule. So, no change from our perspective on launch timing in the key tiers for us.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So from an IoT perspective, it’s very similar impact to other parts of the industry. It’s really the short-term cyclical headwinds that the entire industry is seeing. We’re seeing a factor of that as well. And so, it’s two parts. It’s demand weakness and then OEM inventory drawdown, both of those factors similar to handsets. And within our product line, we’re seeing -- we obviously started seeing impact in consumer IoT that we’ve talked about previously, and we’ve seen that expand a bit into industrial and edge networking. But, as we look at these -- we see these are short-term factors that are clearly kind of driven by the cyclicality in the industry that’s going on. But, when you step back and look at our design win pipeline, it still reflects the opportunity in front of us.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Matt. So, let me address it in two parts. First, from a gross margin perspective, we did slightly better than our expectations and the results that we announced for the first fiscal quarter. And then, we’re guiding similar margins into the second quarter. So, from a gross margin perspective, we are holding well. And even in the challenging environment we’re in, we are doing a relatively good job. As we’ve said in the past, we always expected that once we get to supply constraints, there’ll be some gross margin pressure, and that was factored into our long-term target. So, there’s really nothing new that we haven’t told you before on gross margin side. On operating leverage, which is really the second driver here is the impact that we’re seeing from the inventory drawdown reduces the operating leverage in the business temporarily in the short term. And so, you’re seeing the operating margins being impacted by that. But kind of once you step back and abstract out of that change, you should see the operating margin more in line with your expectations.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, the way, Stacy, we are thinking about kind of how things play out is the short-term headwinds, cyclical headwinds that we’re seeing that uncertainty remains, and we’re seeing that in handsets and IoT, so both from a demand perspective and inventory drawdown. So, we expect our QCT customers to be cautious. And until there is more visibility, they’re going to be careful with additional purchases and draw down inventory. So, that’s what’s factored in our updated guidance. When we look at the second half of the year, as Cristiano said, we’re pretty optimistic that demand and channel inventory normalizes. And that allows us to take advantage of the growth from that point on, given our strong position when the dynamic occurs. In terms of bottom, the way I think about it is we’re going to see impact for the March and June quarters, and I think there’s an opportunity from that point on as we grow in the second half of the year.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, if you think about pricing in the handset business, it’s usually a function of two things. First is within a given year more capabilities being added to the device, especially on the application processor side. And so, you’ve seen us benefit significantly from that over the last three years. And as we look forward, we are continuing to see demand for additional functionality. So, that’s kind of tier for tier improvement opportunity for us and for the overall industry. And then, the second factor is mix within peers and that, of course, changes across quarters. And so, that goes up and down based on what sells through in that quarter and which customer it is. But that’s more timing versus kind of a fundamental trend of revenue growth.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Ross. So, from a handset perspective, what we’ve assumed in the March quarter is a standard seasonal decline, and I said this in my prepared remarks from December into March. So, it’s what you would expect seasonally happens once you go between the quarters. And so, that’s what we’ve assumed, and that informs our QTL forecast for the quarter as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Okay. So I understand the confusion. So, the -- what I talked about was the total handset market, which we are expecting to be down quarter-over-quarter, consistent with seasonal trend. What we said was flat was QCT handset revenue, we expect to be flat. And of course, that’s a function of mix of chips and also inventory drawdown differences.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Joe, we have a sense of kind of what sell-through the OEMs had because of our QTL business. And then we have the ability to compare that with what’s happening in QCT. So, we do have a pretty good sense of what is happening in the industry. And we’re confident that a large portion of it was inventory drawdown.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. The uncertainty in China definitely reflects in our customers’ purchases, and that’s what we talked about that we expect until there is more visibility, we expect customers to be careful with additional purchases and draw down on inventory. But in terms of handset launches, we are still seeing the OEMs being extremely active and planning handset launches on the regular cadence and driving functionality within the market.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Blayne, it’s Akash. I’ll take the first one, and then I think Cristiano will take the second one. From an inventory perspective on our balance sheet, you’re seeing something similar to what you’re seeing on our peers and customers as well, the same set of drivers. As you know well, for leading-edge nodes, which is where we operate, the lead time is 5 to 6 months now for the foundry and chip production. And so, we were clearly starting wafers based on a different market expectation and before the inventory drawdown. So, we’ve calibrated that down. We are working with our suppliers and over time, we’ll get to a reasonable place. It is important to also remember that when you look at three years ago versus today, we’ve grown tremendously in terms of revenue and scale across our businesses. And then also supply has caught up to demand. So those two factors would naturally increase inventory anyways. But the remaining we’ll be working through, as I mentioned.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. What I mentioned is it’s compared to our handset business, the ASPs that we have for fixed wireless is really accretive to margins. That’s what I meant, but it’s in the IoT business.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So Tal, it’s Akash. From our perspective, the way we’re about our inventory -- and it’s really not necessarily inventory, it’s really wafer starts. What we would like to do is, given the lead time of 5 to 6 months, start wafers, 5 to 6 months in advance, plus some room on top for mix changes that might happen during the period. So, that’s the framework under which we operate. You’re right that our current inventory balance is higher than where we’d like it to be. And earlier in the call, I went through the rationale as to how we ended up there. So, we’re working with our suppliers, and we’ll kind of normalize it over time, and we feel confident we can do that. On your second question on the lag, I think that’s already embedded in the way we provided our view into the future, which is -- as we expect inventory drawdowns to happen through the March quarter then going into the June quarter, but as we go into the second half of the calendar year, as demand comes back and normalizes, we have the ability to benefit from it.
Akash Palkhiwala: So, on your first question, C.J., from an inventory perspective, there are a couple of drivers to it. So, first is the weaker market; second is inventory drawdown. And both are significant factors. And then the third, I’d say, is we’ve also seen IoT having the same sum of the characteristics. And so, you’re seeing a combination of those factors impacting the time period for which the drawdown lasts. Again, as we look at it, this is a shorter-term thing that when you step back, it doesn’t necessarily -- the drawdown doesn’t impact the strength of the business. And so, as the recovery happens, we’ll be in a position to benefit from it. Can you repeat your second question? I’m not sure I understood it well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, a lot of our commitments were more in the form of prepayments rather than volume commitments. So, that just means you get the prepayment back over a longer period of time. But we’re navigating through those and nothing to report at this point.
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. Samik, just to add one thing, you ask about India. Yes. We -- as we said in our prepared remarks, we’re excited about that opportunity. It’s probably likely it’s going to be one of the largest opportunity for 5G as fixed wireless access. And as we mentioned, the opportunity will be across all the operators to connect in the order of 100 million homes. So, that could be very significant. What we like about it is that millimeter wave has been utilized as well for fixed wireless access. So, that’s a great opportunity for us.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you, Mike, for your question. Actually, it’s a great question. What we have seen in this current demand environment as well as the inventory drawdown, actually, the premium tier had done a little bit better than what the mass tier has been impacted, I think, consistent with our expectations. I think you saw that in some of our customers’ earnings call as well. However, we expect that as you get to the second half of the calendar year, we hope that the inventory drawdown situation improves as well as China reopens. And we will see an opportunity for the mid and the low tier to come back and our design traction is good in those tiers with the OEMs, and we’ll see what happens. So, we’re not -- we’re not factoring that better second half yet in our planning assumptions. I think we’re waiting. But, I think there’s optimism just because of the inventory drawdown as well as China reopening.
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. Let me just add one thing. If you look at the China handset market, the majority of sales, even though they have a big online component, the majority of sales is offline market. So, as we have -- saw, with the lockdowns and the COVID situation, there was a big impact in the handset market in China. Common sense, and that’s how some of our OEMs are also thinking is as the COVID gets behind China, you should expect the markets to open up. And what we have visibility right now is a lot of the new device launches preparing for that and some of it, which is going to be announced at Mobile World Congress. It’s too early to draw a conclusion. So, let’s go back to that conversation that there is optimism that second half could be better.
Cristiano Amon: Hi Blayne, Cristiano, I’m going to take your second question. Look, it’s probably clear, both us and the other chip supplier in the handset market, dealing with the same challenges, which is the demand weakness and inventory drawdown. In the areas that we have more competition, which is mid- to low-tier, we also saw that’s the one that’s most impacted by the demand weakness. So, as we think about the market open up, our view is we’re very well positioned from a competitive perspective. We have visibility into the design pipeline. And we will remain disciplined on pricing, which is consistent to how we have behaved over the past few years.
Cristiano Amon: So, I will start by saying that we really like that market, and we think the market is a long-term market. I think the -- it’s clear to see now that home broadband, for the first time, you have a wireless solution that can augment fiber. And it’s really about fiber and 5G, you don’t find cable everywhere outside the United States. So, we think that’s an opportunity for both, developed and developing economies. And of course, if you look at the size of India, that’s why we’re very excited about it. We saw the auctions. The investments are being put into place by the operators and infrastructure. When we sell into that market, I think while I can’t really talk about the ASP, I tell you, it’s accretive in margins to our handset business, especially because we have a lot of content, in many cases, we also have the ability to do on Wi-Fi access point in addition of the 5G modem. And we are very well positioned with millimeter wave technology.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. Maybe just to summarize, I think how we see the earnings call. I think beyond 2023 for Qualcomm, we see many of our growth initiatives, increasing scale, including auto, PCs, XR and 5G FWA, we’ll talk about it in industrial. When we look at the current environment, we remain very confident in our ability to navigate the economic downturn and the short-term challenges, given our strong balance sheet and consistent history of strong free cash flow generation. As you can see, we’re taking action where we can control, and we believe we’ll emerge even stronger as we continue to execute on our strategy. We’re focused on Qualcomm’s long-term success, and we’ll work diligently to continue to drive growth, especially auto and IoT, diversify the company and deliver value for stockholders. I’d like to thank all the employees for the dedication and contributions to Qualcomm as well as our many partners and suppliers, and thank you all for attending the call. I know it was a popular earnings day today. Thank you.
