Steven Mollenkopf: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. Our QCT business executed very well again this quarter. We shipped a record 120 million MSMs above our prior guidance range, reflecting strong demand for our integrated 7xxx and 8xxx series chipsets which were up 32% over last quarter. Our supply chain responded very well to the events in Japan, fulfilling all customer orders during the quarter, including a small amount of unexpected buffer demand, which we forecast will be worked off in the September quarter.  We also completed our acquisition of Atheros and the integration into QCT is progressing well. The team is executing according to its roadmap having already announced 3 new connectivity products and we are excited to welcome Craig and the entire Atheros team to Qualcomm.  Our average revenue per MSM in the third fiscal quarter was higher sequentially as expected, reflecting a richer mix of integrated smartphone chipsets, as well as approximately 5 weeks of Atheros revenues post acquisition close. QCT operating margins were in line with expectations. We continue to make significant investments in modem technology, application processing, connectivity, graphics and software.  Our leadership position in combining these technologies into a platform of integrated tiered chipset solutions is unmatched in our industry and aligns with both industry trends and the business priorities and device requirements of our OEM partners. We also continue to expand our support of multiple operating systems with the launch of the latest version of webOS, as well as BlackBerry 7. Customer traction for our first dual-core Snapdragon chipsets, the MSM8660 dual-core platform, continues to grow, and there are now more than 100 designs in development based on that platform in addition to 6 smartphones and 4 tablets previously announced or commercially available.  Dual-core devices this quarter include the HTC Sensation, the HTC EVO 3D, Pantech Vega Racer, T-Mobile myTouch 4G and HP TouchPad. Including both single core and dual-core chipsets, our partners have now announced a total of 10 different Snapdragon-powered tablets and there are another 40 tablet designs in process. Our multimode 3G LTE solutions continue to lead the industry with several USB dongles and mobile router data devices based on our multimode 3G LTE chipsets launching this quarter. The complexity of supporting 2G, 3G and 4G standards across the proliferation of over 40 RF bands also plays well with our system-level approach to integration and we are unique in our ability to support all these requirements. As Paul mentioned, we sampled the Snapdragon MSM 8960 ahead of schedule this quarter, which is the industry's first multimode 3G LTE dual core chipset for handsets. This is the first of multiple 28-nanometer chipsets on our roadmap and it is designed to integrate seamlessly with our new connectivity solution, the WCN3660, which supports dual band WiFi, Bluetooth and FM and is optimized for smartphone and tablet devices. As we announced at Computex, the MSM 8960 will be the first processor in the Snapdragon family to power devices using Windows 8. The MSM 8960 and a broad platform of multimode 3G LTE chipsets on our roadmap will greatly expand the reach of LTE and take our high-performance high-efficiency designs to the next wave of smartphones, tablets and upcoming generations of Windows computing devices.  Demonstrating our potential expanded opportunities that the Atheros acquisition provides, since the deal closed in May, we have launched the industry's first FTC-certified WiFi system and package for microcontroller-based designs to enable machine-to-machine communications and introduced the industry's lowest EPON solutions for broadband over fiber networks and the power grid.  We continue to leverage the strong distribution channels and product portfolio that Atheros developed over the past decade. Specific to wireless LAN, the adoption of 11n and across all channels continues with 11n now making up over 70% of this revenue.  Sales to our PC OEMs increased significantly due to a strong adoption of our combination wireless LAN and Bluetooth products. Overall, we are excited about the platform and the business opportunities in front of us. This year continues to progress much as we expected back in November. We are modestly increasing our R&D investments in the fiscal fourth quarter to support new process technologies, the commercialization of our expanding multi-core and LTE product offerings and to support multiple new customer opportunities. Our strategic focus on integrated system solutions, leveraging our modem application processor connectivity graphics and software leadership is working well, and we expect to see strong volume growth in the coming quarters.  That concludes my comments. I will now turn the call over to Bill Keitel.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure, 28-nanometer, our first 28-nanometer device will really go commercial at the end of this calendar year so it really won't show up until the next calendar year. We, however, are very optimistic about that device. We've had great success with it so far in terms of how it's looking in the lab. I mentioned that we sampled that early, which is pretty rare for us and actually probably an indicator of how much priority is on that now as a company. I mentioned that we've added some additional OpEx in order to really -- I think we're pretty optimistic about that chip. We want to measure that we de-risk it as best as we can, but we expect that to be something really more in the middle of next fiscal year.
Steven Mollenkopf: Brian, your question about AT market share, we're very pleased with that actually. As I mentioned in my comments, we saw from quarter-to-quarter, we saw 32% rise actually in our integrated AP chipsets. That's really across tiers so we're quite happy with how that's looking. Looking forward, as you mentioned, the 28-nanometer devices do include integrated LTE as well as all the other modes and Wireless LAN. And I think what's going to happen here in next year is at the top end of the portfolio, it's going to be very, very important to have these high-end modems and connectivity integrated in very tightly with the apps process. We're seeing significant amount of customer traction on this device, and that's one of the reasons why we really kind of put the gas on it here in the fourth fiscal quarter.
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes, this is Steve. Maybe your first part of the question, obviously, I'm going to try to shy away from talking about any particular launch for an OEM, but I think it's important or it's pretty difficult I think sometimes to get the timing of launches. However, that being said, we are quite bullish in terms of how our forward-looking share -- the trajectory on it from what we've seen so far. So we are quite positive. And then, as I mentioned in my remarks that we are ramping our, essentially the resources that it takes in order to support customers. So that's for the first part. The second part about the buffer build, as I mentioned, I think there was a certain -- certain OEMs had a reaction to the Japan crisis, which was to make sure that they had product on hand. It's not a large number, but we are working through some of that with some of the OEMs to work through. Obviously, as I'm sure is well known, that crises or that supply chain event in terms of disruption is really behind us now, which is a good thing.
Steven Mollenkopf: Maybe I can add a little bit more color. This is Steve. On the R&D investment, it's really a combination of things. The majority of it is things that I would consider to be more onetime events in the sense that they are increases in terms of integration platforms that we use internally to develop the devices or tape-outs or things that you would do that accelerate the program because you're confident in it or you have more confidence in it. We also, as we announced in the quarter, we announced a small acquisition, which closed in the September quarter that's also now in the results or in the OpEx forecast as well. So very much on track in terms of how we guided you in terms of OpEx, op margin trajectory and what we expect. And then looking into next year, we tend to invest into units a little bit ahead of -- more than one quarter ahead, I think, in terms of the volume ramp. So it's really the products that we're going to ramp in fiscal year '12.
Steven Mollenkopf: This is Steve. I'll talk about it from the perspective of the chipsets that you're asking. We have, really for some time, had a strong relationship with Chinese domestic manufacturers. I think for some time, we've been supporting their export businesses. I think it's a big portion of our business and I think recently here and then with the launch of 3G over the last several years, it's become more of a domestic-produced, domestic-consumed type of product for us, which is very good. We also, over the last year, augmented our product to support I think a different class of customer, a customer that has less R&D in China primarily for the emerging markets as well as China. And we've seen a fair amount of traction in those customer channels primarily coinciding with the advent of mass market smartphone happening with the rollout of 3G in some of these regions. So it's been -- I think it's been a real strong success for us over the last several years and over different types of products and we were pretty bullish about it moving forward.
Steven Mollenkopf: This is Steve. I'll take the first part of the Krait question. Maybe ask Craig if he can handle the second part, probably better answers than I can give. But the 8960 device has, in addition to the application process of the GPU, all the modems, multi-mode modem functionality in GPS. It does have integrated wireless LAN. It is part of a digital dye, but the radio is actually outside of the device. We have, I think, a little bit different approach to integration than some of our competitors. And maybe, Craig, if you could provide a perspective on that would be great.
Steven Mollenkopf: And this is Steve. Perspectives on chipsets for tablets and phones. In some cases, the same device will be used for high-end phones that will be used for tablets. You've seen that in the market. And then in other cases, you may have a more specialized device. We have recently added both of those tiers into our roadmap. The difference between them may be a small amount of performance delta but also different interfaces that are required in a tablet, perhaps, than a phone depending on the class of tablet. In terms of the overall market, our perspective is quite bullish over the long term. If you look at mobile computing, we think that will really grow up and take a fairly significant share of the traditional laptop space really driven by the software that's being driven on phones. That software is getting better every day and I think, as that happens, you'll see I think a little bit more diversity in terms of supply base for suppliers into that market as well as the market itself growing. Both of those things being good things for Qualcomm and the industry.
Steven Mollenkopf: Mark, this is Steve. In terms of how the share picture looks to us, it really doesn't look that different than what it has historically for us. A number of our traditional customers have had second sourcing programs for some time. We've been able to, I think, really drive technology and maintain the most profitable segments of their business. And then also, just in terms of the dynamics, over the last 10 years or so, there's always been 1 or 2 OEMs that we haven't been able to get into for one reason or another. Historically, it's been Nokia, for example, if you go back many years. And now today, the market really looks much more accessible than it probably was 5 years ago in terms of overall upside. Still, the business though looks very similar. It's a technology velocity business. You have to drive technology as fast as possible and we think that that environment is existing now in the marketplace.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure. I think your first question, I think, was really -- I'll answer assuming that the question was about our products. We really -- our products have really remained on track for -- that I've mentioned in the past. In terms of how that translates into customer designs and their schedule, it's a little bit difficult for me to be in a position I think to refer to their schedules so I'll be very careful not to do that. And I'm sorry, the second part of your question I missed.
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes, I want to hesitate from giving guidance for December. It's just a little too early for us to do that, but so it's probably something we'll check in with in New York.
Steven Mollenkopf: We have seen over the last year or so pretty strong demand for mass-market smartphones. It's one of the environmental factors I think supports Bill's answer to the last question. So it continues to be a strong portion of our business and it has been for several quarters. We don't anticipate a change in that.
William Keitel: Mike, I'll give you a little bit more color first on the ASP. We are anticipating that $9 sequential average increase, we think about $6 of that is largely greater Asia and North America, higher average selling price and about $3 of foreign exchange. On the unit side, we are anticipating a fairly significant uptick going out of this fiscal year and into the first quarter of the calendar year. We held our estimates for the year constant at that 750 to 800 million units for the calendar year. Specifically, I mean we actually had a debate on whether we should raise it a bit. But given some of the economic malaise in the world, we thought best to hold it steady there. But we are seeing some good strength in a number of markets. So we feel pretty good about that forecast and do expect an uptick going into the first part of the fiscal year, the new fiscal year.
William Keitel: Sure. I wouldn't exclude it. We're giving a little bit more color on the Atheros this quarter for a couple of reasons. One, the guidance we gave at the outset of the quarter didn't include Atheros, so we thought it was appropriate to give more detail this quarter. Likewise, our prior guidance for the fiscal year had not included Atheros. So we're giving a little more detail this quarter. We won't to continue this going forward because our guidance from hereon will include Atheros. Specific to Atheros, for this fiscal year, again, you got to about 5 weeks from the June quarter and a full quarter into September. That will add approximately $350 million of revenue to this fiscal year, of which a little less than $100 million was from the June quarter. So that's included as you would calculate revenue per MSM. Obviously, revenue per MSM includes a wide variety of different products from QCT already, and so you've got any number of different chipsets. So you could see a little variability in that average. It's an indicator, but it's one people should be cautious on to taking too directly and imputing what that might mean, that being revenue per MSM.
William Keitel: I think, Tim, we'll stay away from any specifics on how one licensee or another is doing. Let me try and give you a little more color around your question. For this year, this calendar year, if you look on our website, you'll see a little more detail of what we're seeing by region. We called up a category that we've been identifying for WCDMA Asia, called up pretty substantially. We're seeing really good strength in China and then across Southeast Asia, Middle East Africa. China, the strength is with 3G, and Southeast Asia, Middle East Africa, we're seeing a GSM migration to 3G pick up pace. Although we're seeing that uplift there, we soften a bit our forecast for WCDMA Europe, I think the economic troubles there are holding back the consumer a bit. And then, it's similar for India. We softened that a bit. But in total, we're holding that. So it gives you a little bit more color maybe by region of what we're seeing happening. On the modules and data devices, that continues at a strong pace. We're seeing embedded being a little bit stronger than the dongles themselves. So but overall -- e-books as well coming on strong. So overall, we think the market there is pretty strong. There are a number of -- a pretty wide number of product launches that are scheduled for later this quarter, early in what would be our first fiscal quarter. So we're looking for that to drive some further uptick in the market.
William Keitel: This is Bill. I'll take the first part of your question on the QCT op margin. For fiscal Q3, the Atheros was about a -- it's about 500 basis points impact to our operating margin. That number should decrease a bit going into the next quarter but just modestly. For the quarter, look for operating margins in QCT to be in that similar range as Q3. As we commented, we're not, at this point, seeing a significant increase in the MSM volume. And as Steve noted, he's stepping up his R&D because of some opportunities that we see here in the near term.
William Keitel: Sure, Rod. Yes, we are expecting -- we think we've seen a little bit of inventory consumption in the June quarter and we're expecting a bit more in the September quarter. We think going out of the fiscal year, we'll just be a nod below that average 15- to 20-week channel inventory level that we've seen for several years. I think it's best to assume that, that channel holds it down at a relatively low level. This has been in line with our forecast all year that the global economy is a bit stronger but it's not certainly not that robust level that I think a lot of vendors are going to want to step up too much on inventory. Frankly, I hope it holds at this level. I hope maybe overall, the channels maybe just got a little more efficient since the 2008, 2009 crisis. But for the time being, I would -- I think it's best to assume that it stays at that lower level. We'll share our updates what we see for fiscal '12 when we're in New York in November.
William Keitel: Sure, Mark. On the investment income side, what we have been doing now for some time is including in our guidance obviously dividend and interest income. But what we've been doing for some time now is reaching out and including investment gains that we think we're highly confident will be realized, net investment gains for the quarter. So that's included in the guidance we shared with you. From here on out, it's kind of -- it's up to our investment managers as to whether they see opportunities that there's about $1 billion unrealized, net unrealized gain on the total portfolio. So as they see opportunities to move there, it's primarily fixed income that they would realize further gains. On the onshore-offshore, the onshore today and towards the end of this quarter should be in the $6 billion to $6.5 billion range and so you've got 13 to 14 offshore.
William Keitel: Stacy, it's Bill. On your EPS question, it has to do with the mix of licensees. So the TRDS [ph] was pretty spot on with what we expected and we saw some favorability because of the mix of licensees.
William Keitel: Kulbinder, this is Bill. I may have been a little confusing. Let me clarify. We're expecting an uptick in the fourth calendar quarter, which would be our first fiscal quarter of 2012. And as we mentioned, we're seeing a lot of new devices being prepared for launch that we think OEMs, carriers and consumers are going to be taking advantage of.
William Keitel: On the op margin -- James, it's Bill. I'll give you some thoughts and Steve can jump in if he wants to add anything to it. But historically, if you look back at Qualcomm on the chip side, we've enjoyed north of 25% operating margins for extended period of time. The environment -- I think we went through this in some detail in New York last year, the environment and how we think we can open up a smartphone mass market. The combination of those has led us to a lower op margin than what we've historically seen. As we said in New York back in November, we are targeting to improve that operating margin in the out years. We'll give a refresher on that at New York, but I don't think you're going to see much of a different outlook going forward that we do expect in the out years to be improving that operating margin for QCT.
William Keitel: Yes, obviously, we're seeing some good strength here. Derek, I think, gave some good color on that. The only thing I would add to what Derek said was that -- which aligns with what Steve Mollenkopf just said on smartphones, we're seeing ASPs on average increase in any number of emerging markets now and we really think it's this mass-market smartphone getting into the areas of the world that a lot of us don't track otherwise that closely. So the ASP strength that we saw in our fiscal Q3 that we're seeing in our fiscal Q4 that Derek talked about is -- a good part of that is just emerging markets where we're seeing ASPs, the average ASPs actually increase. So how long that holds? We'll see, but the appetite for smartphones across the world is quite strong and it's got a ways to go in terms of penetration.
Paul Jacobs: So we're watching governments allocate spectrum around the world, and there's clearly a number of places where unpaired spectrum was going to get allocated. In some cases, it will be used for things like supplemental downlinks so that you use it in conjunction with other FDD systems. But there's pretty clearly going to be a strong demand for TDD capabilities. Obviously, what's going on in China right now, we're still waiting to see and I think we'll wait for some time to see exactly when the government will provide the licenses. But there is work underway, trials going on underway. And obviously, in India, things are going quite well on the LTE TDD side. So I do think that'll be strong. What the mix will be -- it's really going to be driven, I think, mostly by how spectrum allocations get done. For us, we don't really care, actually. We're happy to support both and we have them in the chips. And your question about having multimode support, I think it's going to be very important because most operators are looking to roll out LTE as a supplemental data capacity in urban areas or in hotspots. And then over time, it will roll out more broadly. The other issue is that there's quite a large number of frequency bands that are being spec-ed for LTE, reflecting the fact that it's difficult to find spectrum for governments around the world. So then, you want to have the backwards compatibility to make sure that you have the global room and capability. We will, I think, see some single mode LTE rollout but I think the vast, vast majority of devices are going to be multimode. And therefore having all that capability and there in the single chips going to be very, very important.
Paul Jacobs: Can I just say -- this is Paul. As I just said in my prepared remarks, I just got back from a couple of carrier events where they were bringing their suppliers in to sort of rally the ecosystem and I gave the lead keynote address on both of those events and I think it really just shows the kind of influence that Qualcomm has in the market that operators want to make sure that we're there to give the technical roadmap to their suppliers and to make sure that everyone knows sort of where the industry's going to head, where they're going to drive new services from and the relationships that we have both on the manufacturing and the operator side in China are extremely strong right now.
Paul Jacobs: Thanks again, everybody, for joining us. I think the results and our guidance really highlights the fact that around the world, the smartphone excitement is continuing. As we look beyond that to mobile computing and new tablet devices coming to market, I think just a lot to look forward to. Really happy with this sampling of the 8960. It's probably one of the most exciting chips we've ever launched. And as we look ahead to sort of our strategy of Internet of everything and also continuing the computing enterprise and networking, the acquisition of Atheros just really fits nicely and it's been going extremely well. So excited about where we're sitting. Even more excited about the opportunities ahead. So thanks, everybody.
Derek Aberle: Brian, this is Derek. Why don't I take your first question? Just to clarify, the renewal that we just announced is just the kind of the final remaining WCDMA subscriber extension. That wasn't a situation where we had a dispute, and so there's not a disputed amount in the past where you'll see a catch up. It's really just a renewal of an existing deal.
Derek Aberle: So I think we've talked about this quite a bit historically that we've had 4 companies for several years back that we needed to extend their WCDMA subscriber royalty obligation by between now and the end of 2017. And so with this last renewal, we haven't really gotten more specific about what happens after 2017. But I think what you can take from today's announcement is that we have all the extensions done that we needed to get done within that timeframe. And I think as we've said we generally have very long-term agreements with our licensees and I think we all feel very well-positioned today, following this final renewal.
Derek Aberle: Mark, this is Derek. Let me answer your question on ASPs. I think as we see that penetration of smartphones into the mid- and lower tiers, it's actually -- we do a very good thing for our business. I think longer-term, you are going to see declines in overall ASP that we report to you just given the mix of volume from the developed markets into emerging markets and also maybe from the top tier down into the mid and lower tier smartphones. But what we expect to see with that, is very strong growth in volume and what will lead sort of to the combination of those two things that's continued strong growth and the total reported device sales that is the base of the royalty business. So I think all those trends are happening, but they will come together in a positive way for us over the long term.
