Steven M. Mollenkopf: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone.  Our QCT business delivered another strong quarter. We shipped 152 million MSMs, up 29% year-over-year driven by increased demand for our integrated smartphone solutions and advanced modems.  Smart -- Snapdragon shipments increased by more than 70% year-over-year, driven by growth across all price tiers from Snapdragon S1 products to our latest generation of Snapdragon S4 processors. There are now more than 370 announced Snapdragon-based devices with over 400 more in design, of which over 150 are S4 designs. As you know, we have made significant investments in recent years to establish a leadership position in LTE chipsets, and we believe we are succeeding. In parallel, industry adoption of LTE technology is growing rapidly. And with our strong portfolio of products, we are at the forefront of this technology transition.  As a result of these trends and as Paul mentioned, demand for our 28-nanometer chipsets continues to exceed available supply. To address 28-nanometer demand, we are increasing our related operating expenses and are working closely with our fab partners to bring up additional capacity. Within this environment, it is worth noting that our current estimates for total 28-nanometer shipments this fiscal year are largely in line with our prior guidance, though our forecast for the June quarter is a bit lower. Our increased investment to bring up additional 28-nanometer capacity is expected to show results in fiscal 2013. Across the rest of the business, demand trends are very strong, and we continue to drive our technology leadership. At Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, several leading OEMs announced their first Snapdragon S4 dual-core devices, including ASUS, HTC, Huawei, Lenovo and Panasonic. We also demonstrated our new S4 quad-core processor, the APQ8064 running 4 separate HD video streams; and we announced our S4 Snapdragon MSM8960 Pro, which integrates our new high performance programmable Adreno 320 GPU for higher-end mobile computing devices. We announced and demonstrated our new 802.11ac Wi-Fi solution and announced a broad family of 11 AC chipsets for mobile, computing, consumer electronics, as well as home and enterprise networking. Also, our new integrated connectivity solution, which includes digital Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and FM, continues to be designed in by our customers in the vast majority of our growing S4 pipeline. We continue to invest in our Qualcomm reference design program to support growth of lower-tier smartphones in emerging regions. Shipments into Chinese emerging accounts are expected to grow at a strong double-digit rate quarter-over-quarter while we transition customers to 7x27A. There have been 10 OEM designs launched on our reference programs over the last quarter with more to follow. We are on track to expand the reference design programs to include a new dual-core Snapdragon processor the MSM8x25. We will do this before the end of the June quarter. We are increasing our investments to address incremental opportunities beyond traditional cellular, including mobile computing and Windows on Snapdragon. And looking ahead, our leadership position across multiple technologies, delivered to our customers with a tiered and expanding chipset road map, positions us well for smartphone and computing trends in both emerging and developed regions.  That concludes my remarks. I would now like to turn this call over to Bill Keitel.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mike, it's Steve here. A couple of things, one is we have taken approach to spread the supply across all of the customers as best we can, and so I think everybody is dealing with this issue. And obviously, it's a pretty difficult issue to deal with. But in the near term, some of the OEMs have been looking at alternative chipsets, in particular our Fusion 2 lineup, which can be substituted in some cases. But other than that, it's really a question where we are accelerating as best we can the supply, consistent with what I was saying and what Paul was saying. We're really focused very much on getting additional supply throughout the year.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure. Ehud, this is Steve. With respect to OpEx related to 28-nanometer, one of the things that you do when you look in to bring on additional sources that you tend to have more unplanned tapeouts. And essentially, you're taping out at a faster rate in order to move the ramp faster than you might have had to do it earlier. That's what we're doing today. And you're seeing part of that in the OpEx increase. We're also increasing OpEx to drive the reference design program that I mentioned in my comments. So a portion of it is -- I would consider to be more of a onetime item type of issue. But then a portion of it is things that were related in investing and things for next year as well. And your second question, I think it was about the percentage of products. If you look at our S4 product lineup and all of our 28-nanometer devices, they are, of course, all impacted by this shortage. I made a comment last year -- or last quarter about the exit rate in terms of LTE devices leaving this year, and we're still in the same place. We think that the high end of the road map and the LTE exit rate will be the same as what we mentioned before.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Yes, it's actually pretty small right now as we've been discussing. It's building throughout the year, and the multimode LTE products are starting to become -- I would consider it to be a table stakes type of feature at the high end of the portfolio. And that's what you're seeing reflected in the forward-looking mix that we're talking about.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Just to be clear, the data point that I gave was an exit rate leaving the fiscal year. And so I think there's really not a big change in that from that perspective. I don't know if we're providing -- I wouldn't expect us to provide much color either way in terms of whether that's moving up or down. But we are chasing supply quite a bit here. And as that starts to unfold, we hope to be able to increase those shipments.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: No. I think what I was trying to -- I was trying to give you a very sort of qualitative number. I'm not even sure to what accuracy it's changed. But we expect about that same proportion to leave the year. I don't know if there's a big change there, is the point I'm trying to make.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, we've been trying to match available supply with demand here. And as Paul said, we're going to see a significant increase in supply actually in the calendar year. So that's probably the most information that we can give at this point.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, I think you see a combination of people. In any constrained environment, people look for any alternative they can in order to solve the problem. Now what you have, particularly in this case, is these are devices that primarily are using LTE type of chipsets, and so the alternatives are a little bit smaller than they would be, let's say, in a general allocation scenario, maybe in another industry. And we've been helping customers to see how they can swap in our Fusion 2 chipset, which is the chipset that we have been ramping over the last 8 months in production. Now in some cases also, our OEM partners are, of course, working with us very closely to try to help us accelerate our own supply, and that is primarily what we're seeing. And we do expect to see some alternative non-Qualcomm chipsets being used to solve that issue as well. But I will remind you that in addition to the 8960, right on its heels is the 8x30, as well as the APQ8064. So we're continuing to drive our tiered road map throughout the year on the same schedule, again, gated by the supply here in the near term. But I think that's a pretty attractive road map that people are interested in doing. So we need to solve the supply issues, and then we'll move the business on.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Stacy, this is Steve. On the -- if you look at the demand, particularly in the high end of the portfolio in the LTE type market or the high modem feature set are enabled by the 8960. There are a number of designs who -- if we had more supply, we could ship into that. You're probably looking at a little bit of the high end not being there as much as we could supply. And as I said in my remarks, we've seen a little -- we see the same amount of chipsets broadly, or 28-nanometer chipsets broadly, throughout the year but they shifted a little bit out of the June quarter, which left a little bit of a whole there, I think, in terms of units on the 28-nanometer side.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: This is Steve. With respect to the question about fabs, if you look at the fabless model, it's really served us well as a business. And we have the majority of our R&D dollars spent on people creating products or technology that we use or patents, and it's really worked out quite well for us. Now as we move and become more of a leader in technology on the VLSI side and start to compete with people who compete in that form, I think we'll probably evolve our -- the way in which we work, and probably even become closer with our fab partners versus rethink our entire business. But I think it's just an evolution of how the industry is moving and being at the size that we are, we're happy to be able to shape it in the way that I think is best for us.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: I think we are, in addition to working very, very closely with TSMC, we're also bring on several alternative sources. And it's the tapeout into those alternative sources and moving up the ramp that's actually contributing to this pulse of OpEx that we've been talking about. With respect to risk, I mean, anytime that you're on the front end of driving a node, there is risk with respect to the timing of how that comes on. But so far, so good on that. We've been pleased with the way things have been looking with respect to yield, and we've been just adding supply. But like any other time you're driving a node, these things take a little while to get running, but we're full steam ahead, multiple sources now.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Yes. I mean anytime that you're ramping, you're ramping through the quarter. In fact, in the quarter that we're in, and we're adding a substantial amount of capacity throughout the year. So it's a ramp. It's not a shelf or some sort of a pulse.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Yes, I would say the mass-market smartphone tier is a pretty competitive and crowded tier today. And, however, we look at our integration strategy that we've had in place for some number of years, and we've been driving across multiple technology vectors. We think that, that's paying off in terms of demand. In fact, I think one of the reasons why we're spending so much of this call talking about 28-nanometer is because we made those investments over the last several years. This resulted in, I think, very strong demand. We believe that those trends continue into the future, and we're continuing to make those investments, not only for the home space, which is the phone space, but we also think those same trends will yield an interesting business in the computing space, as Paul talked about, on the Windows, on ARM transition that we think is going to happen in PCs. So we're investing in computing upstream of that. We think that, that's a great place to be, and we think it's also something that is a unique capability -- or a more unique capability that we have compared to some of the competition, and you'll continue to see us do that.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Then on the Atheros side, we're pleased with how that business has been integrated into Qualcomm. One of the things that I think would even help us more is as we work through the ramp of our S4 chipsets, those chipsets tend to use, the design-ins tend to have a very strong presence of the Atheros chipsets next to them. And so as we start to work through these supply issues with the 8960 and the S4 chipsets, we think that's a good opportunity for us to pull some of the synergies that we've been talking about on the handset side through. So similar trends in that business, and we're pleased to have it as part of the organization.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: We could. I think you probably saw at the Mobile World Congress, we did an over the year demo. In fact, I think it's the world's first over the year demo. That actually use the commercial silicon that is in our 8960. And our 11ac chipset is actually just a swap of the RF chips pin-for-pin compatible chipset. So as the industry starts to develop and the certification starts to mature, it's a fairly easy upgrade for our customers in order to enable that. And that same comment that I made about 8960 applies to the 8064 and the 8x30. So I think it's a fairly well-designed approach to enable that market, and I think you would expect that from us. We tend to try to drive the front end of technology transition, and we'll do the same thing and have done the same thing in the Atheros business.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: It is. We do tailor the chips for really the different camps. And of course there are 2 camps there, depending on kind of the source of the VLSI technology. We do have to spend incremental dollars to -- and I would call them tapeout-related costs to enable additional supplies, tapeouts and then load boards and things that are used to qualify new sources of supply. And it's those type of investments that we refer to as more of a onetime item or the items that are in the NRE type of bucket that Bill mentioned.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: I think it's a continual increase in terms of our ability to deliver and meet our demand. So it's going to continue through the years as Paul mentioned in his comments.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mark, it's Steve. Yes, it really is related to wafer starts and not yield or any design issue related with the chip. So we're quite pleased with how the development worked there, and your transition in terms of our road map, in terms of timing sounds accurate.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And Matt, this is Steve. My apologies, I think it'd be difficult for me to answer that question without providing information about a couple of OEMs. So if you don't mind, I'll try to not answer that one.
William E. Keitel: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results today. Fiscal second quarter revenues were a record $4.9 billion. Non-GAAP operating income was a record $1.9 billion, and non-GAAP earnings per share was a record $1.01. 3G/4G device shipments, particularly smartphones, grew significantly in the December quarter, driving record total reported device sales of $51.7 billion, up 25% sequentially and 29% year-over-year. And comprised of approximately 239 million to 243 million units at an average estimated selling price of approximately $211 to $217.  QCT shipped 152 million MSM chips. And revenue per MSM was slightly higher sequentially, both consistent with our prior guidance. Our GAAP results reflected a $1.2 billion gain in discontinued operations from the sale of our 700 megahertz spectrum to AT&T. During the quarter, cash and marketable securities grew by approximately $4.6 billion, on the strength of approximately $1.6 billion of free cash flow and approximately $1.9 billion in cash proceeds from the AT&T spectrum sale. Since our second fiscal quarter non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.01 is higher than the $0.94 midpoint of our prior guidance, I thought it might be helpful to provide an earnings walk of the $0.07 improvement.  First, QTL and QCT combined were better by $0.06, including $0.04 from QTL and $0.02 from QCT. QTL's upside reflected record 3G/4G device shipments and total reported device sales in both developed and emerging regions. QCT's upside reflected slightly higher MSM shipments and favorable product mix, partially offset by higher R&D spending.  Beyond the $0.06 improvement from QCT and QTL, the remaining $0.01 resulted primarily from higher investment income, largely offset by a charge for legal matters unique to the second fiscal quarter. Turning to our updated financial guidance. We now estimate that approximately 787 million to 803 million 3G/4G devices were shipped during calendar 2011, an increase of approximately 21% year-over-year at the midpoint. We estimate that between 885 million and 945 million 3G/4G devices will be shipped in calendar 2012, driven by strong smartphone shipments in both developed and emerging regions. Using the midpoint of our guidance, we estimate that in 2012, the number of 3G/4G devices will increase approximately 15% year-over-year. We now estimate the average selling price of 3G/4G devices for fiscal 2012 will be approximately $207 to $217. The $212 midpoint is above our prior $210 midpoint estimate, driven primarily by higher average selling prices in developed regions. We are reiterating our fiscal 2012 revenue guidance of approximately $18.7 billion to $19.7 billion, up 28% year-over-year at the midpoint. We are raising our fiscal 2012 non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to a range of $3.61 to $3.76, up 15% year-over-year at the midpoint. We estimate that QCT's operating margin will be towards the lower end of our prior 20% to 22% estimated range for fiscal 2012, reflecting the increased investments that Steve mentioned. We expect the combination of non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expense for fiscal 2012 to grow approximately 23% year-over-year, driven primarily by increased QCT R&D. For the third quarter of fiscal 2012, we estimate revenues to be in the range of approximately $4.45 billion to $4.85 billion, up approximately 28% year-over-year at the midpoint. We estimate non-GAAP earnings per share for the third fiscal quarter to be approximately $0.83 to $0.89, up approximately 18% year-over-year at the midpoint. We estimate that our subscriber licensees will report total reported device sales of approximately $43 billion to $47 billion in the June quarter for shipments they made in the March quarter, up 24% year-over-year at the midpoint and down sequentially, reflecting postholiday seasonality, typical for this time of the year. We anticipate shipments of approximately 144 million to 152 million MSM chips during the June quarter and expect a greater mix of chipsets targeted for smartphones for both lower-cost emerging regions and multimode 3G LTE in developed regions. We estimate that the 3G/4G inventory channel will exit the fiscal year at the low end of the 13- to 18-week range, consistent with our prior estimates. We estimate that fiscal third quarter combined the non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses will decrease sequentially, approximately 3%, primarily due to expense items that were unique to the fiscal second quarter. That concludes my comments. I will now turn the call back to Warren Kneeshaw.
William E. Keitel: On the inventory -- channel inventory, we think we exit the year, the industry exit the year about the same as what we have expected previously at the lower end of what we consider the normal band. For ourselves this quarter, it's a good sign. We have grown with inventory, which is going to be helping us here going into Q3, Q4.
William E. Keitel: Rod, this is Bill. On the operating expenses, 3 months ago, we thought operating expenses would grow year-over-year approximately 18%, and now our estimate is 23%. And the bulk of -- great majority of that differential -- in fact, all the differential is really QCT. And as Paul and Steve mentioned, a lot of that is going towards trying to accelerate the availability and the ramp of 28-nanometer. But then secondarily, we are putting a bit more investment into the Windows on ARM. And then back to the 28-nanometer one, as Steve mentioned much of that expense can get -- it comes on quickly but could get turned off quickly. It's less of a people-related, our own employee-related expense, more of an NRE.
William E. Keitel: I'll take a stab -- this is Bill Keitel -- at your question, but maybe Steve will want to join in here. Looking at the June quarter, our revenue outlook at this point is pretty much spot on with what we were expecting 3 months ago. We're not seeing a lot of surprise here from our end. The operating expenses have been higher, as you mentioned, but revenues seemed to be pretty much in line. The somewhat flattish outlook for MSM chipset shipments is really not a surprise for us. We think that's going to build into the September quarter and then again into the December quarter.
William E. Keitel: Tal, this is Bill. On the QTL margins, the bit stronger market, particularly on the TRDS and the higher ASP, that's driven upside that is showing through in revenue, but the operating expenses for the QTL segment have not gone up in the same proportion. So we're trying it a bit higher on that QTL operating margin than what we had expected at the outset of the year.
William E. Keitel: Okay, on the first part of that question, the only supply shortage we're dealing with is the 28-nanometer. And then again, to the point that, is the June quarter abnormal? I would caution people on looking back 1, 2 years and assuming that every year afterward is going to be a similar pattern. Again, this June quarter is largely in line with what we expected even 3 months ago. We're not seeing much change here in our perspective here. There's going to be, I think, a lot a focus on product launches going into the September quarter and particularly into the December quarter. But I don't see June really as abnormal or a concern from my standpoint for our year and looking forward. On 2012, the first quarter of fiscal 2012, I'd say we feel pretty good about that -- or excuse me, excuse me, 2013. I'd say we feel pretty good about that, Kulbinder. Obviously, we've got a little ways to get there, but the customer demand is strong, and we're working our way to see if we can fill it and get caught up by that time.
William E. Keitel: Well, I would say it would look much more normal in proportion to revenues at that time, but that would only been one quarter. So let's not jump too far ahead. We'll share our guidance for fiscal '13 as we normally do in November.
William E. Keitel: I'll take the first part. On the June quarter, I mean it will be better, but I don't think it would be an increment that would be all that great. There will be a nice increment, but I think the September quarter would be much more meaningful in that respect. And then the December quarter, obviously, the demand backing up into that, our goals are pretty high there in terms of filling this customer demand.
William E. Keitel: Shawn, Bill Keitel here. On the average revenue per MSM, so the quarter we just reported, there was slight uptick in average revenue per MSM, pretty much in line with what we had expected at the outset of the quarter. We're looking for modest upticks between now and the end of this fiscal year on an average revenue per MSM.
William E. Keitel: I'll just say again, I'd be cautious of drawing these correlations year-over-year. I'll remind people, back to when we guided the September quarter last year people were a little surprised that our MSM guidance wasn't higher, and our messaging was pretty clear that it's going to -- we thought it was going to come through strong in the first quarter of fiscal 2012. And people were looking at historical trends and trying to infer that there may have been something wrong there. And I think you'll recall our guidance was spot on. So again, there's going to be other factors driving this market. We're not going to get into chipset family by chipset family. But other than customer demand for the 28-nanometer exceeding what we can supply, the business is humming along, I think, very, very well. And this is an opportunity that we're working hard to close up on by the end of this calendar year.
William E. Keitel: Yes. Steve, I'll let you jump here. I don't think the levers are that short a term. The pricing typically gets set well in advance. We'll react through the year as competitors make moves. And then on the -- so that kind of speaks to the revenues and the gross margin. On the operating expense side, it's primarily R&D, and the R&D investment we can't manage for a quarterly, given quarterly outcome we might want to see on the P&L. That has to be managed with that -- a little longer cycle in mind, and I think Qualcomm has done very well with that type of focus on R&D over the years.
William E. Keitel: Mark, it's Bill. On the -- we've got $26.6 billion total cash at quarter end, and the onshore component was $10.8 billion. And then on the investment income for Q3 and Q4, for Q3, I think at this point, with the visibility we have, I would expect investment income including realized gains to be in line with what we've seen maybe the last couple of quarters. But for Q4, fiscal Q4, we haven't included an assumption of any realized gains.
William E. Keitel: Matt, I'll take the first one. On the investment income. Yes, in fiscal Q2, it was a little higher than normal. If you recall last year, we sold some puts in our stock. There was a $75 million premium on those puts, and then as the stock rises, that premium is brought onto the P&L. So with the -- where the stock ended fiscal Q2, the majority of that $75 million has come to the P&L, and a little over $30 million of it was in fiscal Q2 alone. So there was a bit of a spike in the investment income. Exclude that, and I think fiscal Q3 looks to be similar to Q2. Again, if you exclude that mark-to-market on that -- on those puts on our stock.
Paul E. Jacobs: And we expect to be supply constrained through the fiscal year. It's really -- we're looking to the December quarter to see a significant improvement in supply.
Paul E. Jacobs: This is Paul. So we've said before that revenues from Windows on ARM is really not this fiscal year, and so that also probably dovetails well with our ability to increase the supply of the chipsets. So we'll see how this all plays out. But those things, they aren't necessarily an -- this fiscal year kind of an issue. In terms of designs that are coming out and our enthusiasm for it, I'd say that, that is probably reflected by our continued investments. We see a lot of interesting form factors that are coming out. Microsoft continues to release more and more information about the operating system and its plans. And we continue to be excited. We see very good traction, interesting form factors, happy to see their confirmation about Office availability and so forth. So I think these are going to be great products. They're going to be thin, light, always on, always connected, the kinds of things that people expect from mobile computing these days. And we're definitely planning on delivering it and also to drive the chipset road map to continually improve the experience.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes. I wanted to just say thanks, everybody, for being on the call today. And really we're gratified by the strong traction we're seeing on Snapdragon, the 8960. The team that designed that product really executed on a bunch of vectors. Its new radio technology, new microprocessor technology, new graphics, new connectivity and a new process node, and that's what put that chip so far out in front of the competition and drove really tremendously strong demand that we've seen. And we're going to drive those advantages going forward as well. We've got some really good products in the road map.  Obviously we're making the investments we talked about to improve our supply and go after this Windows opportunity and also to go after the emerging markets with the reference designs.  The growth drivers of the company continue to be very strong, and I think the big issue is that we're disappointed, I think our customers are a little disappointed with the fact that we have these supply constraints. They've all designed really exciting new devices around those things, and we're going to work as hard as we can to get more supply for the end of the year to really bring up those great devices. So there's a lot to look forward to, and we're working hard to bring all that to reality. So thanks very much, everyone.
