Steven M. Mollenkopf: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. Our QCT business delivered another strong quarter with record MSM shipments, revenue and operating profit. Growth in global demand for 3G and 4G smartphones, along with share growth across our chipset portfolio, helped to drive these strong results.  We shipped a record 156 million MSMs, up 32% year-over-year, and we are pleased to be shipping our chipset solutions to all major handset manufacturers. Our volumes continue to grow at a rate in excess of 4G, 3G device growth, and our strategy to drive smartphones further into all tiers through the expansion of our Snapdragon chipset road map continues to gain traction with our customer base.  Snapdragon shipments grew by more than 120% year-over-year in the December quarter, and there are now more than 340 announced Snapdragon-based devices with over 400 more in design, and we continue to grow our design pipeline with increasing momentum at key Tier 1 multinational and developing OEM accounts. Our S1 Snapdragon products targeted for lower-priced smartphones showed strong growth during the quarter, particularly in China.  Our shipments to developing Chinese accounts grew more than 10x year-over-year and in total, compare favorably to shipments to China-based multinational accounts, reflecting the overall growth and diversification of our customer base in the region. Our MSM 8960, the flagship of our Snapdragon S4 family, is now shipping commercially to customers as scheduled. Volume production is ramping, and we are seeing strong OEM demand for that chipset even above our prior expectations. We are starting to see the first 8960 device announcements by our partners, including the Lenovo IdeaTab and the ASUS Padfone, both announced at the Consumer Electronics Show last month, and there are now over 120 S4-based devices in design, and many more partner announcements are expected in the coming months.  The majority of these OEMs are designing in our integrated connectivity, including Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and FM into these devices. At CES last month, we demonstrated a prerelease version of Microsoft Windows 8 running on the S4 MSM 8960, showcasing the integrated multimode 3G LTE modem connected via AT&T's live network. Our technology breadth combined with our ability to integrate these technologies into a broad and deep road map is a clear competitive differentiator for us. We continue to make investments upstream of new opportunities, positioning us for leadership at the front end as they develop. We see that taking place now with our strength in LTE and believe we are investing to be positioned well for the Windows 8 opportunity.  We are on track to sample the next two 28-nanometer chipsets in our Snapdragon S4 family of products. The dual-core MSM 8930, which will enable 3G LTE smartphones at high-volume price points, and the quad-core APQ 8064, which will support high-end smartphones, tablets and Windows 8 devices. These chipsets exemplify our strategy of rapidly extending new technologies and chipset features across multiple price tiers.  Fiscal year 2012 is off to a strong start, and we are pleased with the demand profile and design pipeline that we have in place, as well as the opportunity that lies ahead in mobile computing.  That concludes my remarks, and I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Keitel.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: It's really a combination of both. What we're seeing is, I think, consistent with my comments about increased demand for LTE across the portfolio. So we're seeing that being pulled through on the 8960, as well as the -- I think there's also demand for the new CPU core that we have in there as well. So it's become a very successful chip for us in terms of design pipeline.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure, Mike. It's really been across the board. We've been really telling a story in our strategy that we thought that the combination of the high-end modem feature set, which would be LTE and the high-end AP was something that we really felt would move together in the market, and we've seen evidence of that happening. We had the Fusion chipsets really strong at the high end of the product line. You've seen some of the big OEMs take that and really transition their product line toward us in that respect. We've also seen, particularly into emerging markets and some of the new accounts that we've been able to acquire, particularly in China, a demand for really mass-market smartphones, particularly in China across several different operators. And then in addition, we've been shipping really into some new larger accounts that have been important for the business as well. So it's really a case where things have been happening across the board. We think this broad technology play, as well as integration, will be something that will help us in the future as well. A good example of that was the comments that I made about the connectivity business in reference to your question. If you look at the number of 8960 design wins that we have, really the majority of them are going to be using our integrated connectivity as well. So we think that, that strategy continues to play in addition to what we've seen in the past. We think it's a good strategy moving forward as well.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure, Brian. In answer to your first question about the emerging accounts for us in China, we were first mover to integrated smartphone chipsets in the emerging markets, and I think that's been an area that's been able to -- what we've been able to sustain that in terms of design wins, which I mentioned in my remarks how those accounts have really been growing in terms of shipments. And now the size of them they really are pretty close to where we are with some of the larger multinationals in China. So we're quite pleased with how that's working. We think that continues to be a technology battle there. We have a pretty deep road map. Our strategy there will be to, as you know, to just continue to push our integration strategy. Integrated connectivity is also important in that market as well. So we're going to continue moving that forward and are pleased with the initial results though.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And, Brian, in answer to your question about TD-SCDMA, this is Steve again. It's really the same timing that we mentioned in New York in November. Our TD-SCDMA products, we think will be delivered at the end of this year in terms of products in the market. There's a couple different chipsets that have that including our S4 family of chipsets, as well as our 28-nanometer modem designs called 9x15. So those are on track and continue to move forward.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mark, this is Steve. With respect to 8960, in terms of mix, what we think is happening is you're seeing a strong pull of multimode LTE in the portfolio. And if you look really -- we'll probably exit the year somewhere close to 1/3 of our shipments on a run rate basis. We'll be including those -- including that technology. Obviously, not all of that would be on 8960. It takes a while for the OEMs to transition off of what they're using today. And in many cases, it's a 2-chip solution on to those products. But that's what you're seeing in the mix.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And Kulbinder, this is Steve. Just -- that was a correct interpretation. We will -- it's really the exit -- how we exit the year. Again, not all of that will be 8960. It will be across a family of chipsets.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And Rod, this is Steve. The 8930 is really a replacement of the 8x55 and the 7x27A tier of device, which is really kind of mid-tier to lower mid-tier smartphone product. If you look at how it's configured in the marketplace, it has a fairly wide band in terms of ASPs in terms of device. But it really is the LTE-enabled feature phone replacement kind of at the mid-tier and below. With respect to customers announcing plans to do their own chips, we've dealt with that, I think, over the last probably 12, 15 years. Typically, what our experience has been is that it's difficult, really, to keep up in terms of investing across as many technologies as are required to be successful kind of long term or to be a real big concern for us as a business, but it's obviously an area that we watch. But we really think that it's very much a systems game across a number of technologies, and it's quite difficult, I think, to get that scale if you're only supplying yourself. But that's been our view for a long time, and it seems to have been the case and we don't think it's going to change.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure. So I don't know if -- I think our comments or my previous comments apply to just about any account really. Today, if you look at the speed at which technology is changing, it's actually accelerating, both in the modem as well as the AP side. So I think it's becoming quite difficult to invest as much as you would need to and at the rate you would need to in order to do that. I think our 8960 and S4 traction is probably a good proof point for what we believe there. In terms of the tablet market, I think in general, the tablet market obviously has been really dominated by one player by and large. We continue to be bullish long term on that market. In fact, we look at it as a good means for us to transition into what has traditionally been the computing space. As we do that, we think the importance of having multiple technology connectivity as well as wide area connectivity in 3G and 4G modems becomes more important because by and large, those ecosystems that are going to be enabled over the next several years are going to demand more cloud connectivity and more -- the OS itself and the services that are being supplied by these tablets tend to assume that you're connected all the time. We think that's a good environment for us to be delivering chipsets into.
William E. Keitel: Sure, Tim. On the gross margins, we're seeing both first quarter and second quarter unfold largely as we expected at the outset of the year and consistent with the strategy we've had in place now for a good year plus. There is some more pressure on the gross margin, but volume side is offsetting pretty well on the operating margin level. ASPs on average per chip, I don't expect a lot of change going into Q2 relative to what we reported here in Q1. There will be, I think, a modest change. But overall, I don't expect a lot of change, in fact, based on our outlook here for the rest of the year. We do expect QCT to report a sequential decrease in operating margin percent going into Q2 as we've seen in prior quarters. And as typical, I think everybody understands that this is a time of year when we typically have our pricing resets.
William E. Keitel: Simona, on the full year 3G, 4G units. Yes, our range has increased approximately 10 million at the low and the high end. And that 10 million changes, the primary driver is China. As you noted in Paul's remarks, that market is particularly strong for smartphones here of late. But we're seeing strength elsewhere beyond that. Latin America -- I would say, first of all, more on the emerging regions. But Latin America, and parts of Middle East, Asia and Africa, we're seeing strength.
William E. Keitel: So Stacy, on the raise for the year, we raised revenue approximately $700 million. The majority of that was QCT in a range of about $0.5 billion and then you've got a couple hundred million that is driven by QTL. On the cash, the $22 billion of cash, I mean, first of all, on the domestic side, $6 billion of domestic, I think you've heard us say in the past much less than $5 billion of liquidity, and we'll probably get a little nervous here. So we think it's an appropriate level of liquidity for our business. But we -- having said that -- we're a bit maybe in a little excess position now. So we'll see. We have a 10b5-1 on file, and we'll just see if that executes at all. On the offshore, the state of our tax, corporate taxes today, obviously there's a strong incentive not to bring that back into the U.S. Hopefully, we'll get a little more sensible on that in the next year or so to help the overall U.S. economy. But I think our mission, as long as the tax code stays as it is, is to keep that cash offshore and be patient looking for opportunities to get back into the business.
William E. Keitel: Rod, it's Bill. On the macroeconomic front, in November when we introduced our guidance for fiscal '12, we thought the macro, the world GDP growth would be in a range of about 3.5%, 3.6%. Today, as I'm sure everybody has kind of a similar view, Europe has deteriorated a bit. The U.S., I think, in our view, has partially offset that. And -- but our view today, this plan that we have is based on approximately 3.3% GDP growth in 2012. The -- obviously, the unit projection we gave you is maybe call it bucking that trend. As I said, the main driver to the increase in total units was China, which we really think is -- seems to be have entered into quite an inflection point on 3G, 4G smartphones. We did bring down the Europe component of that. But overall, the China strength, and a bit in Latin America as well, was such that we felt it was appropriate to raise that estimate a bit for the year.
William E. Keitel: Yes, this is Bill. On your -- that 16% growth on units, 3G, 4G units, for calendar '12, I think your point is, if I understand correctly, it's a bit of a decrease from the growth that we think we saw in calendar 2011. The -- obviously, in our view, the macro economy is -- a depressant on that growth, concentrated in a few regions, notably Europe. So that's one of the reasons, I think, that, that growth is a bit lower. And then, two, just in a number of markets, the smartphone penetration has picked up markedly, whereas in another -- a number of other regions, it's really just beginning, China being one example. So I think we're a bit -- in a bit of a transition now where a number of markets smartphone penetration has gone quite high and now it's into a healthy replacement and upgrade cycle, whereas more of the emerging world is just beginning to get into a smartphone transition.
Paul E. Jacobs: So yes, we saw the announcements that were made by Intel at CES. And some of the guys got around to see some -- how the products were operating and talking to some of the -- some of the partners. So I think we still feel extremely strongly that we're in a good position relative to power and performance, relative to them. If you look at the difference in the number of design wins, I think that really does tell the story pretty directly. And the other thing that I think you may have seen at CES was us demonstrating 8960-based Windows 8 tablets. And when I said to the audience that it didn't have a fan, I think we got a lot of knowing chuckles. So we feel good about that opportunity. It's going to certainly be a lot of competition coming, but we're excited about what's ahead of us.
Paul E. Jacobs: We're -- so forgive me if I don't touch all of it. The -- let me answer the first -- last part first, which is I think on the S4, you should really look at it as 2 things. One is, it's the next chip in our family. But as we've been saying over the years, each chipset becomes more integrated, more complex, probably more difficult to do, actually, unless you have a very broad set of technologies. In this case, we've combined really a full-scale modem upgrade, connectivity upgrade and computing upgrade, and we're really very pleased with how the market has received that. So we really look at it as a pretty big step up in terms of integration and functionality. And then on its heels, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're rapidly tiering that product family so that, well, now -- in addition to delivering at the high end, we're also delivering across multiple tiers, really above and below. That's the strategy we've had for many years across the modem, and now we're bringing that into mobile computing as well. I apologize. I actually can't recall the first half of your question.
Paul E. Jacobs: Well, I think the baseband continues to grow -- or the Snapdragon platform really continues to grow quarter-to-quarter, and we still -- we saw the same thing in the units that we delivered this quarter. In addition, you should think of our results really as a combination of bringing on some new customers on, some of them being, or one of them being quite large, as well as continuing to grow outside, really. So your -- the traditional accounts, we've continued to either maintain share or grow share, as well as we're bringing on new customers as people transition to smartphones in emerging markets. So it's really a case for us as we've been able to grow the business while the landscape of the OEM market has really changed quite a bit. So we're pleased with how that's happened. And this quarter's a really good example of that.
Paul E. Jacobs: And in terms of Snapdragon projections moving forward -- I'll try to stay away from a particular number, but the trend of smartphone growth as well as the ability for us to add new accounts with these integrated chipsets, we think, continues. It's had a little bit of an advantage because in the past, because our 6K products, future phone products, have been transitioning to smartphones rapidly, that will continue. However, those -- the raw number of those 6K units now are getting smaller in terms of the overall mix. But still, we expect it to grow faster than the overall device market, just consistent with Bill's comments about smartphones continuing to grow.
Paul E. Jacobs: If you look at the rollouts of LTE around the world, I mean, it's definitely mixed, obviously U.S. driving and the competition between the operators driving here. But also, Japan is -- we're seeing some aggression there as well. India and China, obviously we're still waiting, in our case, that we used to get the spectrum for LTE in India. I mean, that will happen. There's just not enough 3G spectrum around. Operators there, I think, will continue to upgrade their 3G networks pretty aggressively anyways. But -- then we'll see the -- then we'll finally see LTE roll out. China, it's a little bit of anybody's guess how it's going to roll out. Obviously, we'll see trials, probably large-scale trials. But then the question is, is it really a commercial -- is it going to be commercial? And in terms of demand for LTE going into the phones, I do think that we'll see increasingly that leading-edge smartphones will have LTE in it, and we've made it easy for people to have LTE in it with the way that we've integrated the technology into our chipsets. So yes, I do think, in some cases, they'll get sold into places where there isn't an LTE network necessarily, although probably those phones will come through other channels besides the operator channel. I don't really see the operators necessarily driving LTE phones unless they have a LTE network deployment coming up soon.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes, thanks. I'm really pleased with the quarter, and I have to say the year looks pretty good going forward. And that's really because all of our growth drivers are really continuing to generate great results for us. Feeling good about the investments we're making for these opportunities that we see ahead of us, and I think 8960 is just a great example of our ability to execute because we're able to aggressively push the pace of technology in a lot of areas, microprocessor, graphics, connectivity, modem, location and, obviously, going to the 28-nanometer process node. And then we take that lead and we tier it, as we've done -- as our strategy in the past. So really, to kind of cement that lead. The other thing I'm very happy, although it wasn't reflected in this quarter's results, really happy to conclude the sale of the FLO spectrum to AT&T. And obviously, we wish FLO had been successful, but what we've been able to do with it is really pivot that spectrum to supplemental downlink technology and also drive broadcast video over LTE with it. So that's a pretty cool thing. And then in addition to supplemental downlink, we're working on a bunch of other really great technologies in the labs to help the operators deal with the continued growth in demand for data. So excited about our execution, excited about what's in front of us. And thanks, everybody, for being on the call, and I hope that we'll get the chance to see many of you in person at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. Thanks a lot.
