Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Cristiano, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to report strong results in our third fiscal quarter despite the impact of the challenging economic environment. We delivered non-GAAP revenues of $10.9 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.96, which was above the high end of our guidance. Non-GAAP revenues and EPS grew by 37% and 50%, respectively, versus the year ago quarter, driven by technology leadership, revenue diversification and operating efficiency. QTL revenues of $1.5 billion and EBT margin of 71% were at the midpoint of guidance. These results reflect a decrease in handset volume in mid and low tiers offset by favorable mix. QCT recorded revenues of $9.4 billion and EBT margin of 32%, both at the midpoint of our guidance and reflecting revenue growth of 45% and EBT dollar growth of 67% versus the year-ago quarter. Handset revenues of $6.1 billion increased 59% year-over-year, driven by the strength of our Snapdragon product portfolio, especially in the premium and high tiers. Consistent with our guidance, RF front-end revenues of $1 billion, grew 9% versus the year-ago quarter on increased adoption of our broad product portfolio. IoT revenues were up 31% year-over-year to $1.8 billion. We saw strong performance across edge networking and industrial IP with combined revenue growth of more than 40%. We delivered another record quarter in automotive with revenues of $350 million with year-over-year growth of 38%, driven by launches with our digital cockpit products. Looking forward to global 3G, 4G, 5G handset forecast. We now expect calendar ‘22 global handsets to decrease by mid-single-digit percentage on a year-over-year basis, including 650 million to 700 million 5G handsets. Our guidance reflects the continuation of the trends that adversely impacted handset volumes exiting the June quarter. We expect the elevated uncertainty in the global economy and the impact of COVID measures in China will cause customers to act with caution in managing their purchases in the second half of calendar ‘22. In the fourth fiscal quarter, we are forecasting revenues of $11 billion to $11.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $3 to $3.30. The midpoint of our guidance includes an estimated impact of approximately $0.20 due to the macroeconomic headwinds and the reduction in the global handset forecast I just outlined. We are forecasting QTL revenues of $1.45 billion to $1.65 billion and EBT margins of 69% to 73%, reflecting normal sequential unit growth. In QCT, we expect revenues of $9.5 billion to $10.1 billion and EBT margins of 32% to 34%. At the midpoint, this implies year-over-year revenue growth of 27% and EBT dollar growth of 31%. On a sequential basis, we expect growth across QCT handset and automotive revenue streams. In handsets, while Snapdragon premium tier volume remains resilient, our guidance assumes lower demand in other tiers, reflecting the updated global handset forecast. In IoT, we are seeing strength across industrial and enterprise, which is offset by pockets of weakness in consumer products. We anticipate non-GAAP operating expenses to be up 6% to 8% sequentially, with approximately half of the growth due to the inclusion of 2 quarters of expenses for the Arriver acquisition. As a reminder, our third quarter results did not include Arriver since we are reporting one quarter in arrears until the fourth fiscal quarter. Based on the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, we’re expecting fiscal ‘22 to be an exceptional year. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $12.55, a growth of $4 for fiscal ‘21. We are forecasting QCT revenues of greater than $37 billion, a year-over-year growth of greater than $10 billion and EBT margin expansion of approximately 5 points. QCT handset revenues are on track to grow slightly below 50% relative to fiscal ‘21, driven by increased processor content and expansion of our addressable market. With our continued focus on diversification, we are forecasting RF front-end, IoT and automotive combined revenues of greater than $12 billion in fiscal ‘22. Lastly, we are pleased to announce we signed a long-term extension of our license agreement with Samsung through 2030 at the same royalty terms. With this agreement, the QTL forecast that we provided at Investor Day remains unchanged. In closing, while we are mindful of the current environment, our long-term fundamentals are intact. We remain focused on driving growth by executing on our vision to bring cloud connectivity, data processing and artificial intelligence to the edge. Thank you, and back to you, Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Matt. So to add to that, in the third quarter, what we saw was lower handset units in the mid, low tiers. And of course, there was an impact in China, but the rest of the impact was largely in rest of the world with some limited impact in the developed economies. And what we are forecasting going forward is really that to continue forward in second half of calendar ‘22, the adverse trend that we saw exiting the third fiscal quarter extending forward. So, we are updating the overall calendar year forecast to down mid-single-digits versus ‘21, and we’re also updating the 5G forecast to be in the $650 million to $700 million range for the year.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Matt. As you know, December quarter is seasonally a strong quarter for us, both up for the QCT handset business and the QTL business. So that remains unchanged. We’re still going to see flagship device launches and holiday season increases that will benefit our financial performance. And we’ll see -- we are forecasting growth from third fiscal to fourth fiscal quarter, and we’ll see growth again going into the first fiscal quarter. We do expect it to be calibrated by some of the same factors that we saw impacting us in fourth quarter, but still expect strong growth rates as we look out to the December quarter.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Tal, it’s Akash. I’ll start with the first question and also start the second one and Cristiano can add on top. On the cash balance, as you know, we closed the Arriver acquisition right after the March quarter ended. And so, the change you are seeing is primarily driven by $4.6 billion paid in cash for the Arriver acquisition. Of course, we did have very strong positive cash flow and it was a balance of that being offset by capital return, which we returned $1.4 billion -- $1.35 billion in the quarter. And then, it was also offset by other related expenses on CapEx and tax payments that we made in the quarter. So really, it kind of comes down to the payment we made for the Arriver acquisition. On second one, on the RF front-end. So, the way you should think about the RF front-end growth is, it is something that grows more in line with the 5G market for us. And as you saw, we kind of brought down the overall forecast for the 5G units for the year. And so, that has played a role. Also, generally, it is something that does not scale very significantly when you grow from a low mid-tier to high tier, RF content remains relatively similar, whereas on the processor side, you’ve seen just tremendous scale on our handset business. As we go to premium high tiers, the ASPs are much higher, the content is much higher, and you’re seeing that benefit show up at the top end of the range.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Sure, Samik. You’re right. We did see some improvement in the month of June. But the way you should think about the OEMs reacting to the data is headwinds cause these customers to act with caution in how they manage their purchases. And so, it’s really not just kind of standalone what happened in the month of June and projecting that forward. It’s really the overall environment that they are reacting to and that’s what informs our forecast for units going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So, when you look at our fourth quarter guidance, so we’re guiding midpoint of $3.15 versus June actuals of $2.96. So, we’re still guiding strong growth on a quarter-over-quarter basis in this environment. And on a year-over-year basis, that implies a 24% growth on the EPS side. If you look at the guidance range we gave, we widened the range given the uncertainty and also estimated that our guidance midpoint had an impact of about $0.20 related to the macroeconomic. If you break that down on your direct question, premium tier volume is holding, right? So just from overall Snapdragon and of course, the new launch happens as planned as well. But what we are seeing is the customers buying high mid, low tiers being careful with inventory as they manage and kind of work through the market environment. And so, you’re seeing that factored into our guidance going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Rod, it’s Akash. We’re not seeing any front-end behavior of people buying sooner than expected that’s impacting our September quarter on the handset side. In the premium tier, the demand is holding. As you know that we have strong relationships, a very strong roadmap in that tier. And so, we are seeing customers continuing to buy as normally they would as we go into the September quarter and then looking forward to December.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, exactly. So, we see purchases that happen through the September quarter on a normal basis, but December, end of December is when they start launching phones, both going into holiday season and then going into Chinese New Year. So, we expect to see the seasonal benefit of that.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, on the inventory side, I mean, clearly, with the kind of the end market sides being impacted both from a macro and a China perspective, what we’re seeing is that that has an impact on the inventory cycle that the industry then needs to work through in the second half of the calendar year, both through September and December. And that’s what’s kind of forecasted within the guidance that we gave. And as a result, as I said before, we expect OEMs to act with some caution with their purchases as they work through the inventory balance.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Sure, Ross. It’s Akash. As I said in my prepared remarks, the other factor on the QTL side is device mix being stronger and maybe a portion of it is inflation helping the ASPs, but also we’ve seen kind of people upgrade devices as they buy new ones. And so, the mix is what is offsetting the volume on the QTL side.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Happy to. So, when you think about QCT gross margins, the key things for us is, one, our diversification strategy as we use the technology we have created for handsets and apply it to other markets. That helps our gross margin profile and op margin profile as well, but also gross margin profile. The second is, as we sell more premium tier devices, that is also a helpful trend for us. And so, you’ve seen the benefit of that even in the face of increasing pricing from foundries, we’ve been able to do pretty well on the gross margin side. We did see a mix change as we went through the quarter where we ended up slightly lower than we had forecasted at the beginning of last quarter. But when you look forward, our mix is shifting up again, and it’s maybe a balance of the previous quarter that allows us to guide very strong on the gross margin side. If you look forward, really no change. I think, we’re very comfortable with where we are at. We’ve given a long-term operating margin guidance, which contemplates a strong gross margin profile. And we’re comfortable with that guidance, no change there.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So honestly, the pricing has been relatively stable on the handset side. It’s obviously a very large market. And there are two players who are participating in that market, and there is sufficient market for both of us. So, that’s how we’re approaching the market, and we have seen them be consistent as well. The other thing I’ll say is on the operating margin side, we’ve -- the way we gave guidance for the greater than 30% at Investor Day, we contemplated some decline in the gross margin profile. But really, what we’re focused on is executing. And as I’ve said this before, we are focused on executing on the upsides to that number.
Akash Palkhiwala: Well, from an RF perspective, we’ve seen some of the similar trends that our peers have seen. But when you look at the handset side, which is obviously the majority of our inventory profile, we’ve been chasing supply to get to a comfortable place. And so, as we’ve said before, we always expected demand and supply to reconcile in the second half of calendar year, and we’re really seeing that play out as planned.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Blayne, generally, we feel like we’re in a relatively good place. Now of course, there are pockets of nodes or parts that we’re still dealing with shortage on. But overall, we feel like we’ve reconciled to a reasonable place. I’ll say just when you look at our inventory balance, just we’ve more than doubled our revenue over the last couple of years. And we’re also heading into a stronger seasonal quarters for us, September and December. And so, what you’re seeing on the balance sheet is really a reflection of what’s coming up.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Brett, you’re right. Over the last couple of quarters or several quarters, we’ve had a few ins and outs, two kind of key ones being acquisitions that we have done, but then also capacity reservations. And then, in addition to that, obviously, a pretty aggressive capital return program. So, it’s really a combination of those factors. When I step back and to your direct question, no change to our strategy that we outlined at Investor Day. We are very focused on returning most of our free cash flow to the shareholders. That’s something that we have prioritized over the last several years. We’ve been very aggressive with it, and we are planning to continue to do that.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi, Srini. We’re going to continue to have a discrepancy. I think if you look at a couple of web slides that we included this time around, it shows how the content is increasing at the premium tier for us. And that’s just an example, obviously, that applies to really all tiers. There’s a lot more demand for processor content, whether it’s CPU, GPU, camera, AI, security, audio video, we are increasing content across the board. And so, we do expect that that will drive stronger revenue growth on the handset side. As Cristiano mentioned on RF front-end, of course, we’ll benefit from the transition to 5G, which as markets like India start deploying 5G later this year, we’ll see the benefit of expansion of SAM since 5G is where we really play there, and then also for auto and IoT expansion opportunities there. So different vectors for growth in that area.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you for your question, Matt. Look, we’re very familiar with this market. We’ve been doing this for years. And this market, it changes with the economy. We look at the combination of the macroeconomic environment and the China lockdowns, we did see the market is likely to be smaller than we originally forecasted. But, on the positive side, I think our strategy of being focused on the premium and high tier is proven to be a resilient one. So, the weakness we saw more in the mid to low tiers, premium tier remained resilient and not only in how we report the results in Q3, but how we think about our guide in Q4. And maybe Akash can add a little bit more color to it.
Cristiano Amon: So Tal, this is Cristiano, just going to add a couple of things. So, we have been very focused on the entire portfolio continue to drive leadership across every single component. And one thing that we have been very focused now started to bring RF front-end to auto IoT and Wi-Fi. And we’re starting to track that. As an example, the RF front-end design win pipeline, right now, it’s in the excess of $900 million in automotive. We also see opportunity with Wi-Fi. We announced our next-generation Wi-Fi and Bluetooth for RF front-end modules to go over chips as well. So, we expect to be focusing on driving growth in auto and IoT. And as Akash said, it’s an attached story on the Snapdragon. It tracks the mobile market, and we grow faster than front-end in mobile because of processor content.
Cristiano Amon: Maybe if I can just add one thing. This is Cristiano. So, the way to look at our Q4 guide, including the macroeconomic environment that we size at $0.20 of EPS, we see us growing 24% year-over-year. The way I will unpack that is, we have the macro, we have the reduction in the mobile market, but if you break that down, in addition to what Akash said about the premium tier being resilient even as we have less units in mid and low, we have sequential growth in auto. We had record auto Q3. We see sequential growth in QT. And in the IoT, I think consistent what we have been in the conversation throughout this earnings season is any offset in -- any consumer weakness has been offset by strength in industrial and enterprise. And so, when we look at those numbers, a 24% year-over-year growth is actually faster than some of our peers, they have even less consumer exposure than we do because of mobile. Thank you.
Cristiano Amon: Hey Michael, thank you for the question. Yes. Look, it’s -- besides the record in auto and IoT revenues, the Samsung agreement is probably my favorite thing in the quarter. And here’s the way I would describe the growth opportunity for the chipset business. We would average over the many years of this relationship, if you remember, about 40% share versus their in-house solution with the Galaxy has 22, which was prior to signing this agreement. Our share climb up to about 75%. And now, we’re announcing a multiyear agreement to power the Samsung Galaxy smartphones globally. So, very excited about that. It provides incredible stability for our mobile business. I cannot think of anything better to validate our strategy to be focused on share of wallet in premium and high tier than this agreement. So very, very exciting. I remember -- I would like to remember you all that that’s a very good trade. When I think about the silicon content of a Snapdragon 8 Series, at least equal or better than revenue and earnings of five modem for another OEM. Now, the second part of this multiyear agreement is the opportunity for growth tied up with our diversification. So, it expands beyond Galaxy smartphones to include Galaxy books, Windows PCs, Galaxy tablets, future extended reality devices and other devices. So, a very significant agreement, very excited and really the companies are much closer together.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. The way you should think about it is Snapdragon low power, they’re Galaxy product line, they are Galaxy flagship products. And what I can say at this point is we were 75% on Galaxy S22 before the agreement. You should be thinking about we’re going to be much better than that on Galaxy S23 and beyond. It’s a multiyear agreement. And it’s -- that’s probably what I can tell you. You should think about us powering their devices globally.
Cristiano Amon: Brett, we’re not providing any Apple updates at this time. And we feel pretty good about our modem road map in 5G. And I think you should expect that Qualcomm will continue to be a leader. And especially as modems becoming more difficult it is supporting more than one end market beyond smartphones. Thank you.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you for your question. Actually, a very good question. Maybe I’ll answer breaking down in two parts. Look, it worked very well for us to be focused on share of wallet and especially in the supply-constrained environment to make sure we secure the sockets and had supply for the sockets, really important for this strategy, which is premium and high. It does not mean that we’re not going to be serving opportunities in the mid and low. And it’s now an environment as supply gets normalized as we predicted for the second half, we have an opportunity to win a lot of the sockets in the mid, low and that’s definitely an upside to our model.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. I just want to start by thank you to our employees and our partners for really a great quarter. A couple of things that I’d like to message. None of our growth driver has changed. All the fundamentals of strategy are in place. We’re really focused on things we can control, but our strategy is working. We are transforming Qualcomm in a company that was communications for the mobile industry into a connected processor company for the intelligent edge. We’re very excited about the Samsung agreement. It is the way to think about stability and growth in our handset business. And one of the things we mentioned in the script that we didn’t talk much about it is the incredible progress we’re making in AI and really building very a competitive development platform for the edge. That’s where we see a lot of the growth silicon opportunities in the other devices. And don’t forget to tune in for Auto Investor Day. Auto is a success story for the company, continues to be, and we’re going to have some exciting things to share with you in our Investor Day later in the year. Thank you very much for your support, and talk to you also.
