Steve Mollenkopf: Hi, Tim, it’s Steve. So you should think of the current generation of flagship products at Samsung. We anticipate a similar share picture than what you see today on the GS6. I think that’s what we’re seeing. Now, next design cycle, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think we feel that we have a very competitive roadmap. We are also seeing OEMs and I think the supplies to that OEM, looking at their portfolio and rationalizing, what that really means is putting more concentration on the newer products and less on the legacy products as you would typically see in a particular year and that obviously given our design and share impacts the outlook as well. So, those product cycle issues I think we’re seeing being compounded by the fact that the premium tier is very concentrated really in two players right now.
Steve Mollenkopf: Mike this is Steve, I think also if you look up and down the product line, the current product cycle that we are in at the top tier, we think it turns over with the 820, at the bottom tier you tend to see a modem transition, particularly in China, which is advantageous we think to us. We are also moving rapidly toward advanced notes which we think will actually help us in terms of delivering products to market at better costs. There is a little bit of a trough right now in the cost equation because we are at 20 nanometre. As we move on to further notes we think we get into a better cost perspective and I think we are differentiated also in our ability to do it. We are also - just to follow up on the cost side, cost structure of the company, we want to make sure that we put ourselves in the position, we are a little bit less sensitive to the these market dynamics and then we can write them out easier as well. One other thing element on that also is that the adjacent markets as they start to contribute more, again I said they were about 10% of QCT this year that tends to help us as well. They tend to be fairly highly leveraged from the same investment on the selling space.
Steve Mollenkopf: And Ehud on the question about the premium tier and the concentration. First of all when we look at customer interest we don’t think that that is the scenario to plan for. We do think that our roadmap is very compelling, we like the impact that we are getting, the interest that we are getting from the OEMs, I think broadly we also think our business, which is also supported by our modem leadership also we think is in a good position when you look at the competitive dynamics as well. That being said, it would help us a lot if the industry structure was to be different. We don't have a lot of control over that, but I would say the history of that is that it does move around quite a bit. We want to be in a position to participate in that and I think one of the reasons that we are looking at our cost structure is to make that easier to handle, should we have to ride out a product cycle or not.
Steve Mollenkopf: I was just going to say, just a little bit of color from a perspective of an OEM, OEMs typically have a pretty broad portfolio and they may put emphasis in one place or another depending on the reaction of a flagship launch and the timing of a flagship launch. I think this year is probably characterised a bit by the first calendar quarter of 2015 was probably a little stronger in quarter for U.S. based flagship company. And then people move around I think based off of big launch. So, I think when the Galaxy S6 came out people moved around their plans a little bit, including Samsung. So, that tends to ripple through to us beyond our control. Those things can also change a lot during the year, but I think this is our best estimate of where we are today.
Steve Mollenkopf: James on the chip side, the way I think about it – one of the big OEMs what they tend to do, in fact the one that you are probably concerned with, they tend to hold two designs until very late in the process and make a decision very late in the process. And in some cases, actually might go to market with multiple designs, one with our chip, one not with our chip, and then make a decision regionally even during the ramp of the design. So it can be quite difficult to project share and units as a result of doing that much later in the process than I think people typically think. The other element which is mix of OEMs and who wins in the marketplace and whether an OEM decides to rationalize their portfolio by no longer focusing on SKUs in the n-1 product cycle for example. That tends to be something that we don’t have great visibility into and it tends to be something that the market controls. So I think we are all trying to figure out how to get a better handle on that.
Steve Mollenkopf: And on next year and to the forward-looking view in terms of the competitive environment, it’s – I would say for us, it’s – we don’t see it changing that much and I would say our view of the current competitive environment may be different than what you see, you know we look at the modem tier and modem leadership and the accounts where that’s important and we pretty good about our position there. I think that’s an important differentiator for us. We have also moved quickly to advanced nodes. One of the things we did this year and we are currently investing in is moving rapidly across the tiers to the advanced nodes, which we think is a good strategy and enables us to leverage our feature leadership in the premium tier down and that I think has good results. It's being offset a little bit now because of the concentration in the premium tier, so you're not seeing that maybe as broadly as you would think. The product cycle is quite fast in China as I mentioned. The modem transition later this year, I think a number of OEM, our competitors are having a difficult time producing five more designs and certainly have in the ability to do multi-SIM and all of the VOIP and international features that allow them to grow, at the same time we are changing the table stakes across the tiers on the modem. So we actually view our roadmap as getting stronger over time at least based on our view of the competitive environment. I don't think at the premium tier with the exception of the vertical threat at one of the OEMs. We don’t see that dynamic being as threatening as perhaps was implied in the question. 
Steve Mollenkopf: So, on the business structure it’s something that we’ve looked out throughout the company’s history, I think a couple of times even publically it is something that is constantly and periodically discussed at the management team and at the board level. There are lot of puts and takes and those puts and takes change over time depending on the situation, but I would say just broadly you should think of the businesses as having significant synergies in the ability to deliver products to market.  So, for example the channel of QCT is very, very important to be able to introduce new technology into the industry and share it’s scale and be able to work. There are many things like that, but that is one of the ones that we want to make sure we can maintain, particularly given that we are driving into an environment where you’re going to see convergence between Wi-Fi and Cellular and the modem itself is moving much more rapidly then I think people are thinking. At the same time the industry, the number of players who are investing in those technologies and that breadth of technology is decreasing. So we think we have an opportunity for us to continue to deliver modem innovation. That being said, it is something that we actively evaluate and it’s obviously something that is one the minds of investors and something that we spend time talking to them actively about getting their perspective. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Well I think when you have a vertical decision there could be many more elements in the decision than just technical merits or what might have happened outside of that environment. They have the ability to share one place or the other. When we look at the tier downs of those decisions we tend to see that it compares at least from a feature and a geography point of view to a product that we probably delivered two generations ago. So, I would actually view it as more evidence of our modem lead.  Now it is possible to portions of the SKUs without having the modem expertise, but I think you are always better off having in the application processor and the modem together and have that worldwide scale, particularly given the industry structure today. We are seeing that the very attractive in the case of the internal OEMs or the Chinese OEMs that want to go international. So, we still think that modem is an important component. If you look what’s in the head of any modem player they have enormous number of [indiscernible] they have to sink up Wi-Fi and the cellular network. Just recently the FCC gave a very positive ruling on the spectrum that will be used for LTE-U.  So, we think the modem still has an enormous migration and then upstream and then beyond that you are going to have 5G. So the modem continues to be big. In addition, hopefully we are not downplaying the strength of our application process. So, we have – we think the best mobile CPU coming and that’s going to be a portfolio of products, not just one product and our strength in the GPU is, I think quite strong, we are market leader in terms of mobile GPU shipments and look at the performance of the 89, 94 I think you would see it’s quite strong. So, we feel like we are in a good position. We just need to get through this product cycle, maintain the investment in the roadmap and at the same time sort of get ourselves in a position where we can weather out these storms a little bit easier and I think we are going to have a reasonable business there. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Mark, you are breaking up a little bit. So I will try to answer what the question was and I think it was related to how we can continue to invest and have confidence given that some people are trying to go internal. Our evaluation of the efforts to go internal, they actually tend to be more expensive than if you had bought them externally, particularly when you amortize the R&D investment across all of the many different technologies that are required to produce and integrate it or a mobile smartphone offering. In fact, I would say, particularly, given the fact that in some cases people are launching very early in the node, you really pay a penalty for yield. And our estimate is that it would be quite expensive right now to be launching without good yield. I think you will also see if you look at teardowns, the difference between the size both footprint on the board as well as cost to assemble all of the components that we have in Snapdragon using external partners, it tends to be fairly expensive. For example, Snapdragon has GPS integrated inside of it and putting that on externally tends to be fairly expensive. There are number of things, codec, a number of things that sit there and become more expensive. So our view of the trend is that things are moving more toward integrated versus less toward integrated. And when we look at the economics, it’s quite difficult we think to have people compete, have the same internal offering unless you have a fairly large scale, R&D scale.
Steve Mollenkopf: Thank you very much for your attention. We look forward to a call next quarter and will give you an update on our cost initiative at the time. Thank you.
George Davis: Hi, Brian, it’s George. I would call it an acceleration of many of the things that we started in 2014, which were fairly comprehensive. We brought down the rate of spending substantially in 2014 exiting the year lower than the run rate we had coming into 2014. We then forecasted to bring it down further in 2015 and we’ve actually are a couple of points below our original guidance on OpEx as well. But we will be looking pretty comprehensively across the board and certainly that touches everything from how can we be – become more efficient testing projects once again for ROI and things like that. So, as you would expect, it will be comprehensive and we look forward to reporting on it next quarter.
George Davis: I think we view it as a bottom because, first, Q3 really is an incredibly concentrated quarter when you look at the premium tier and it has within that meaningful Samsung GS6 impact. We expect to see some improvement with the premium tier launches of other leading OEMs that use our Snapdragon. We also expect cost and efficiency activities to start to moderate some of the market structure impacts over time, but ultimately we are going to continue to invest strongly in the roadmap and we think that's the basis for having a competitive position in the next product cycle that is different than what we are experiencing now.
George Davis: Hey Tim, it’s George. On the capacity pre-payment it’s really part of our overall supply chain initiative to drive more cost effective supply chain and it’s an opportunity that we saw and that our partners saw to bring them a little bit more certainly and for them to provide us with a better long term cost roadmap. 
George Davis: It’s George. On our margin you are seeing the effects both of the positioning within the premium tier which is having some impact on the gross margin, but also primarily it’s the increase in Opex in the quarter having a little bit of an effect as well. So, it is a combination of mix of the Opex effects and just the market overall in the third quarter.
George Davis: So I think we probably – we kind of mix-and-match a little bit. The units are for calendar year. The ASP that we gave was a global ASP, that’s remember not the one that necessarily will get reported to us, that sort of the all-in number assuming we were getting 100% compliance. We haven’t given guidance on a reported ASP for fiscal 2015 for a number of reasons, including it’s probably going to get bounced around by things like catch up payments and the timing of signing some of these new agreements. So I think that may be your difficulty in trying to triangulate the numbers back to the 8% revenue guide for QTL.
Derek Aberle: Hey this is Derek. Yes we are not, as you suspect we weren't planning on breaking out exactly the amount of the catch up. One of the points I wanted to highlight was we had 17% year-over-year growth in QTL this quarter and that was in the face of some meaningful foreign exchange headwinds. And so when you sort of looked at that impact netted against the catch up amount, you know the foreign exchange impact was actually for the year will be greater and would be for the quarter as well. So still even if you strip out the ketchup would be a record quarter for QTL and really strong growth.
Derek Aberle: So, the change in the guidance is really more a change in our view of the sizing and concentration in the third quarter compared to our original estimates. And you know Steve talked about some things about some of the OEMS pushing out their timing based on what they were seeing in the marketplace and other factors. There is some gross margin impact actually that we see going into Q3 and then I think the balance of the impact is really the timing roadmap spending is heavier in the second half. I don’t know, if Steve, you want to say something.
Derek Aberle: Kulbinder this is Derek. So just to be clear the 200 million number that we put out for 2014 is sort of a combination of units that we think are actually being sold by licensees who didn't report them, as well as basically unlicensed activity, you know the most prominent one we talked about is 3-mode. So, it is a little bit hard to translate that over into the – kind of the new terms. If you think about the new terms that we are going out to offer, if the licensees accept them after we offer them and discuss them with them they will impact both the 3G volumes which would be sort of how we’ve thought about the under reported amounts, as well as then impact the 3-mode, which we had kind of bucketed at unlicensed.  So it is a little bit hard to split that out in terms of what percentage get picked up that we weren't collecting anything on at all, but we are, well I think we are making good progress, we've got relatively significant number that kind of run the spectrum of very large to small companies that have already accepted the terms and generally when they’ve accepted them they’ve applied to the 3-mode devices sold for use in China. So, I think that has been a positive trend for us. There have been a couple of other positive things. One is as I try to explain the market we think actually came in larger in 2014 than we thought when we originally gave out that 200 million unit number, which means by that holding steady effectively our collection percentage went up. It also went up in the face of kind of a worse or a more difficult market shift because more of the market also we believe was three-mode where there is a larger portion of unlicensed activity.  So kind of in a worsening marketing environment and a growing market, we were able to kind of hold the number flat, which means we are making progress. We believe that that’s going to better even going into the March quarter based on the early evidence we’re seeing. And we do have kind of a plan as we’ve talked about that – that the past sales will be things that we are working on to drive collection, but it’s going to take some time and I think we’ve indicated just where we sit in the fiscal year with kind of the June cut off for shipments flowing into our fiscal year. It’s likely that more of that will come-in in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015.
Derek Aberle: Hey, Stacy, this is Derek. Yeah, I mean we’ve indicated that. If you look at sort of quarter-over-quarter Q1 to Q2 relatively speaking sort of in line in terms of the implied rate that you guys calculate, we do see that taking a step down in the back half of the year and I think you pretty much hit it on the head that really the primary drivers, there’s some OEM mix in there and a number of the other factors that always move it around. But we do expect a couple of things impacting the back half, two of which are the licensees, kind of the impact of the licensees accepting the China terms in China, but also with us concluding agreements on three-mode where we were collecting before.  As we bring that revenue into the program that will come in at a lower rate as we talked about when we announced the resolution. So kind of the combination of those factors will push it down. Really hard to say longer-term beyond kind of this year where that goes just for all the reasons I’ve previously explained in terms of market share of OEMs and ASPs and caps and all the other drivers that moving around.
Derek Aberle: And then – it’s Derek. So, on the first question, which really was around how we are going to deal with the patents that are sort of outside the scope of the commitment we made to the NDRC. As you know, we’ve typically licensed generally our whole portfolio together, but one of the things that we agreed to as part of the rectification plan in China is that we would separately offer to license just the 3G/4G essential Chinese patents and then we would negotiate agreements for the rest of the portfolio kind of separate from that. So really the first order of business for us is to go out and really implement the commitment that we made which is to offer these terms and around the essential portfolio and get those concluded. And then as part of those discussions, it could involve some of the other patents or we could end up dealing with the need for licenses to the rest of the portfolio down the road a little bit. What we’ve included in our guidance and are thinking around fiscal 2015 really just is based on what we would expect to collect on the essential portfolio and doesn’t build in incremental revenue at this point for the remainder of the portfolio, although we do believe there is an opportunity there. On compliance, we think that we are in a position really to kind of drive the business back more to normal course before we had the investigation and I think we are pleased with some of the early trends we are seeing. It’s going to take some time to get there, but we do believe that we can get back to a high compliance environment in China with some of the tools that we have available to us and now with the investigation behind us. We do also think there is going to be some industry dynamics that will help, I do think there is going to be consolidation around the OEM base in China, so you’ll have a fewer number of larger payers, which I think is just an easier thing to deal with from compliance standpoint than a lot of smaller players. And they are going to build successful export businesses where there is a need to play by international rules both inside and outside of China. So I think over time those trends really point in a positive direction for us.
Derek Aberle: Tal, this is Derek. Maybe I will answer your first question on the FX. Really the primary FX effect on the company is really around the licensing business. And couple of things to remember there I think that you know is that obviously the sales are reported to us one quarter in arrears. But the basic – probably the most significant exposure for us is really the euro and basically when the licensees and not all of them do it the same, so it’s somewhat difficult to always estimate precisely the impacts, but I think we have a pretty good sense of it at a higher magnitude. But basically there is a mechanism for them to convert their sales in local euro back into dollars for purposes to calculate in the royalties and that creates an impact to the business. If you think about this year, in particular, there is probably at least a couple of percentage points of revenue growth that QTL has been impacted by just on FX alone.
