Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Cristiano, and good afternoon everyone. I'll start with our fourth fiscal quarter results. We delivered non-GAAP revenues of $8.7 billion and EPS of $2.02, which is above the high-end of our guidance. QTL revenues of $1.3 billion and EBT margin of 66% were in-line with our expectations. QCT delivered revenues of $7.4 billion, an EBT margin of 26%, which were near the high-end of our guidance on strength in handset and automotive revenues. Handset revenues of $5.5 billion increased 4% sequentially and were higher than expectations due to the benefit from the early stages of recovery in Android demand. IoT revenues of $1.4 billion were down 7% quarter-over-quarter, including softness in industrial IoT demand. Automotive revenue grew 23% sequentially to $535 million, making this the 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit percentage growth on a year-over-year basis. Non-GAAP operating expenses decreased 1% sequentially to $2.2 billion. Before turning to guidance, I'll summarize our fiscal ‘23 results. We delivered non-GAAP revenues of $36 billion and EPS of $8.43 despite the challenging macro environment. We remain focused on our strategic priorities of extending technology leadership and driving revenue diversification, while taking significant steps to improve our operating efficiency. We continued our strong momentum in automotive and delivered record revenues of $1.9 billion, with year-over-year growth of 24%, progressing towards our target of greater than $4 billion in revenue by 2026. We exceeded our fiscal '23 cost action target, reducing non-GAAP operating expenses by 7% relative to the fiscal '22 exit rate, executing on our commitment to manage the cost structure given the current operating environment. Our business continues to generate strong free cash flow, with a record of $9.8 billion. Lastly, our balance sheet remains strong with $11.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. Now, turning to guidance. We are seeing early signs of stabilization in demand for global 3G, 4G, 5G handsets. We now estimate that calendar ‘23 handsets will be down mid-to-high single-digit percentage relative to calendar ‘22, an improvement from our prior expectations. In the first fiscal quarter of ‘24, we are forecasting revenues of $9.1 billion to $9.9 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.25 to $2.45. In QTL, we estimate revenues of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion and EBT margins of 70% to 74% with sequential growth driven by an increase in global handset units for the holiday season. In QCT, we expect revenues of $7.7 billion to $8.3 billion and EBT margins of 26% to 28%. On a sequential basis, we estimate double-digit percentage growth for QCT handset revenues and anticipate both IoT and automotive revenues to decline consistent with last year. QCT handset revenue forecast includes the benefit of normalization of Android channel inventory and higher demand due to the acceleration of flagship launches with our newly announced Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 mobile platform. Notably QCT handset forecast include sequential revenue growth of greater than 35% from Chinese OEMs. QCT IoT revenue forecast reflects the industry-wide cyclical factors we've previously discussed, including lower demand and elevated channel inventory. Lastly, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be flat relative to the fourth fiscal quarter. As we enter fiscal ‘24, we are encouraged by the early signs of demand stabilization in handsets and our strong competitive positioning across revenue streams. Key industry trends such as heterogeneous mobile computing and on-device generative AI provide a strong foundation for content growth and expansion to new device categories, driving growth opportunities for Qualcomm. In closing, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication and for remaining focused on execution and continuing to deliver industry leading products. This concludes our prepared remarks, back to you, Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, thanks, Mike, for the question. Yes, we're very happy that we set a target for fiscal ‘23 of a reduction of 5% relative to the ‘22 exit rate. And we came in at 7%. As we've continued to mention, we, we have recommitting to operating discipline and we did implement additional actions this quarter proactively. And the way we are managing our portfolio is really while we are reducing cost, we want to ensure that we continue to invest, appropriately in technology leadership and diversification in some of the areas that Cristiano just went through. So that's the balance we are trying to strike. And, and as we look at the rest of the year, again, we're committed to maintaining operating as we move forward. I think we're in a very good place from an OpEx perspective. We are investing in the right areas and we'll, we'll focus on those, that scale.
Akash Palkhiwala: Well, and maybe just the other thing to keep in mind is outside handsets as we talk about PC opportunity. Of course, our AI leadership becomes extremely important there. And then also within IoT, we think about Gen AI as something that's going to be a key technology going forward. It'll expand our addressable market, expand the dollars we make per device on, in that area as well. So, it's a much broader play for us, including automotive with ADAS, IoT and PC.
Akash Palkhiwala: All right. Sure. So let me maybe try to address, shape of the year as a broader comment. I mean, we do expect the first quarter and the fourth quarter to be the strongest quarters within the year. And then third quarter, as you know, is typically the lower quarter because we don't have a flagship phone launch that happens during the quarter. But, when you step back and kind of look at as we enter fiscal 2024, we're very happy with kind of the early signs of stabilization in the global handset market. And so we are cautiously optimistic as we go forward with that stabilizing and the normalization of Android channel inventory, we are on a strong trajectory as we go through the year.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So the way you should think about the new agreement with our kind of going into specifics, the framework is very consistent with the previous agreement. It covers three launches. So, the launch in ‘24, launch in ‘25, and launch in ‘26. And, again, the framework is consistent with what we had before. For financial planning purposes, we're taking the same approach as we did with last agreement, and that's 20% you mentioned where in the last year, we are planning as if we're going to get 20% share. But you know, to the extent that we get more than that, that'd be upside for our plan.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So, the financial guidance we gave is that the year over -- the quarter-over-quarter trend from September quarter to the December quarter in automotive and IoT will be consistent with last year. So if you look at last year, automotive was down, I think, 1% or 2%. And so we're guiding effectively down 1% or 2% or flat for automotive. We obviously had a very strong quarter in the September quarter. The business traction continues to accelerate for us. The product roadmap is great. As Cristiano outlined in his prepared remarks, the relationship with the customers was very strong as well. So, we continue to be optimistic and we're well on our way to execute on the financial targets we have given long-term. From an IoT perspective, again the same guidance that it's consistent with last year, what the trend we saw between the September December quarter. And really when you think about IoT, we're seeing some of the same factors that other players in the industry are seeing, some demand weakness coupled with channel inventory. As we look forward, we think our first quarter as the bottom for the year for IoT. We expect to strengthen from that point on, and especially as we get into the second half of the fiscal year, with the environment normalizing, but then also very increasingly strong traction for our products. We think we'll have a strong second half in IoT.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So, from a shorter term perspective, as you'll see from our guide, we did we did very well in September quarter, we are guiding in-line for December quarter. I think your question is more of a longer term opportunity of the expansion of our gross margin as we get into these new areas. And we definitely agree that I think as we scale in outside handsets especially in automotive and IoT, we have an opportunity for margin expansion.
Akash Palkhiwala: Chris, it's Akash. So, as we mentioned on the call, we’ve seen kind of early signs of stabilization in the handset market, including in China. And for calendar 2023, we now expect mid to high single digit versus 2022, which is an improvement from what we had before. As we look at 2024, the recent demand stabilization obviously provides a positive setup as we go into the year. So we are cautiously optimistic on how 2024 plays out. But specifically on 5G units, which is really our target market, we expect high single digit to low double digit growth from 2023 into 2024. So that's kind of the market that we pursue and we think there's growth opportunity there going into next year. From an ASP perspective, because of all the factors we discussed earlier in the call with the chips becoming way more capable, especially with GenAI, we think we are on a good trajectory to continue to expand our ASP consistent with the last three year trend. So if you look at our last three year trend, we've added, approximately 10% increase in any tier of chipset every year. And we think as we look forward, we have the opportunity to do that, going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah, Chris, it's Akash. So, the way we think about the handset market is we've seen a stabilization in the market and we're projecting forward, especially into the December quarter and QTL's guide as something that stable market represents. And so we're guiding a midpoint of $1.4 billion, sequential growth of 11%. In terms of breaking down the revenue growth in QCT, between inventory and market, obviously, it's kind of difficult to do over a quarter. But we do think that inventory is a big part of it. And it's really the market is stabilizing where it's at with inventory really driving a majority of the improvement in addition to our market share position and revenue growth that comes with, content increase as new chips get launched.
Akash Palkhiwala: I mean, QTL revenue forecast is really a function of the scale of the overall handset market and so as the scale changes, it would improve QTL revenues as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Brett, we're not, we're not guiding the full year at this point. We gave you the guidance for first quarter and I gave you an outline as well of how we expect the shape of the year to play out for the overall company. And I think those pointers should give you a sense of our view into the year.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah. So, Brett, as you're aware, through calendar, through fiscal 2023 we took, action on cost reductions a couple times. And as I also mentioned, this quarter we've taken additional action. So the idea is how do we maintain operating discipline while continuing to invest in the diversification initiatives that are so important for the company going forward. And what you're seeing in our forecast is a representation of those factors.
Akash Palkhiwala: No, I'll just say, this competitive environment is no different than what we've had in the past. And really, if you look at our current products and going forward, we think our competitive differentiation is actually accelerating both with our custom CPUs coming into our handset product line. And with GenAI in addition to kind of other factors that differentiate us. So, we're pretty confident as we go forward, we're in a good place from a competitive positioning perspective and content increase.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you so much, Samik, for your question. For those that have not seen, I think, I would recommend to see the highlights of our Snapdragon Tech Summit that just happened a couple of weeks ago when we announced the results of our investments in Gen AI. I'll tell you Samik that on-device Gen AI, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, are evolving in parallel to the cloud. And it's going to have a significant impact in how you change the user experience. Just think about a simple use case as you're texting, every single test that you write could be an input to a model, and that could bring prediction of your behavior and bring other applications. We demonstrated a number of use cases. They're under development by many other OEMs. There are a number of different models from large language models to large visual models. One unique position of Qualcomm we have many of those models running natively on a platform. We're creating a model zoo for Snapdragon. And you saw announcements from Microsoft, from Meta, from what we're doing on Android, we're doing with our Chinese partners. And you're going to start to see those signs. Especially what flagship device is launching in ‘24, as you started to see those use cases changing photography, changing, messaging, changing scheduling, changing assistance, how you should think about this financially for us? You have the potential to create a new cycle for phones, and it will have an impact on increased silicon content. Just to put in perspective, we have significant increased the processing performance of our AI, processing in the device or NPU is going to have silicon content, is going to have an impact on mix, and it's going to have an impact on unit of all of it. And it's likely going to start as use cases get developed with flagships launching ‘24, but it could be very significant as you look at the next two to three years.
Cristiano Amon: Very good question. Let me unpack that question. Let's divide the conversation in two. I think the first part of the conversation, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're happy that the inventory dynamics that we have seen within the Android, business are largely behind us right now. And, one data point that we provided in a cautious, I think, remarks is sequentially from Q4 fiscal to our guide, we're seeing a total growth of revenue from Chinese OEMs, both in China and outside China of 35%. And I think that shows that our customers are in a great position. I think even facing new interests in the market. And, it's also strength of our road map and the stabilization of the market. The second question is about Samsung, look, we're happy with partnership with Samsung. There's the upcoming launch of the GS24. We expect to have the majority share. Our product is really great. I think as I said, we probably have one of the best product roadmaps in the history of the company, especially in the Gen AI processing capabilities. And the product is getting better. We were happy to talk about what we have done in PC with our new Oryon CPU. That CPU was coming to mobile especially in ‘25, and we expect even more, I think, evolution of Gen AI. So the roadmap gets better over time. Overall, we're positive about our relationship Samsung. Thank you.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you for the question, Matt. I think maybe separate and first, as we indicated in the last earnings call, I think we indicated that we don't have any more projection of selling our 4G, I think, SOCs to Huawei. And, going forward, we don't expect to have any significance, it's going to be a very small, I think, contribution from Huawei. I think the more interesting answer to your question, and that's the reason I provide the 35% data point, is as Huawei launched the device, we what we are seeing from our customers is continue, I think, growth from our customers on the Android side. We see a mix improvement of our customers moving towards flagship and, it's kind of reflected in our numbers. So it does not change, I think, the trajectory that we have with our Android customers in China. And there is a possibility that I think that Huawei is upgrading their existing customer base. You know there was a data point, there's about a 100 million Huawei former customers with a four to five year old Huawei phone, and that could have an impact on increasing the TAM.
Cristiano Amon: Look, there's a lot to unpack here. I can speak about this for a whole day, but I'm going to try to be succinct. First thing, we're incredibly proud of the accomplishments of our team. I think, Snapdragon X Elite took the leadership position in this space for any mobile computing device. We're incredibly happy with performance of the new CPU, both single-threaded and multi-threaded performance. But not only that, I think it's important to highlight the AI processing capability because that's key to answer your question. If you look, versus announcements on NPU or some of the other ARM competitors. We had 45 tops performance on the NPU with a total tops performance on X Elite of 75. And that aligns with the transition that Microsoft is making towards a Windows AI future, especially the new services with the Copilot and everything we're doing with Microsoft, on-device working together on-device AI with the cloud and with the Azure endpoint. We're excited about that. And you should start thinking about the PC business, almost like the auto business. We're focused on next generation PCs, not existing PCs, and as those windows started to switch to Windows AI and our platform launches. it create opportunity for us to start gaining scale. Specifically to your question. Microsoft has been very active together with us of bringing a lot of applications natively through the platform. I think we had, a significant progress made across consumer in commercial applications. You continue to see announcements and Windows 11 can also run every, x86, 32, and 64 bit to the Microsoft emulation. We also made significant strides in the emulation performance. So, I think Snapdragon X Elite represents the results of this Microsoft Qualcomm collaboration. And I'll finish the answer by saying, if you look at the announcements of other computing companies talking about having an ARM based PC preprocessor, that is validation that that's our TAM now. It is going to be part of the expansion of TAM for Qualcomm. We're a new player and we look at this as a growth opportunity. We’re excited about it.
Cristiano Amon: Look, let me start and see if, Akash wants to add any, something else to the answer. The way we think about this is let, you rather than provide a specific dollar content is, it has a mix improvement and it will drive towards a richer mix of higher in premium tier devices. It has an ASP increase, especially because of the accelerated performance for AI. And we're combining that with significant advancements in CPU and GPU as well. And it has the opportunity to drive units, whether it's a new upgrade cycle, or share gains. Akash, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Cristiano Amon: You know, Ross, this is Cristiano. Just two things I want to add real quick on the first question and then on this. As, we can scale in markets, for example, such as auto and in certain segments of the IoT, like PCs, XR, those things, they also have the opportunity to give us operating margin efficiency because our R&D is highly leveraged, especially on the computing the connectivity part. So the more that we get scale, we’ll continue to probably be accretive to margins. I want to make a quick comment on your IoT. You should look at the IoT dynamics, not all IoT are created equal. I think we have a lot of things within our IoT. So there's existing business that are subject to the some of the inventory dynamics, but there are new growth opportunities there. One of I remind everyone that PC is in there, which is, likely going to be material in fiscal ‘25, if you think about devices with the X Elite or launching towards the second of ‘24, you have XR, which was still in the early phase of that opportunity, it has networking, we have Fiber, we didn't have it before. So, I think we're positioned now to expand in networking with Fiber and 5G and Wi Fi-7 is positive. And, you know, it has still an opportunity to move, processing to the edge when IoT next. So, we're going to be -- those are less subject to the some of the cyclical dynamics we're seeing right now for existing business. Thank you.
Cristiano Amon: No, Thank you all for listening to and participating in the call. I just want to say thank you to our employees. Our suppliers, our partner, and I think we're being focused on the things we can control and really focus on building incredible, I think, products as we continue to change Qualcomm from a communications company to a connected computer company and go into new markets. Thank you again and looking forward to talk to you all next quarter.
