Steven M. Mollenkopf: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. Our QCT business delivered strong results again this year, reflecting increased demand across our broad product portfolio, particularly for smartphone chipsets.  We had another record year, shipping approximately 483 million MSMs, up 21% year-over-year. We just completed our highest-volume quarter in history with approximately 127 million MSMs shipped. We are extremely pleased to have completed the Atheros acquisition and are off to strong start in providing our customers best-in-class connectivity and networking solutions, expanding our business beyond mobile into consumer electronics, computing and networking.  We also made a number of other targeted acquisitions that added to our technology portfolio to enable new opportunities. Our integration strategy continues to win in mobile wireless and is a clear driver of our strong results. Shipments of our integrated Snapdragon chipsets grew more than 4x this year. The cost, size and performance advantages of our integrated approach position us to grow faster than our competitors. We expect the demand for integrated chipsets to increase at both high end and mass market smartphone sales growth, particularly in developing regions.  We have worked hard to extend our customer footprint, and you can see the results in the marketplace. Nokia just launched their first Windows Phone 7 devices based on our silicon. The BlackBerry 7 base launches use our products globally, and we have grown and diversified our OEM partnerships in China. Our extensive tier chipset products are clearly aligned with the needs of device OEMs, and we are now providing solutions to all the leading device manufacturers in our industry.  There are now more than 300 Snapdragon-based devices announced and more than 350 additional devices in development. New Snapdragon-based devices launched this quarter include the HTC Jetstream LTE tablet for AT&T, the BlackBerry Torch 9850, and the Samsung GALAXY S II for T-Mobile USA and the Samsung GALAXY Tab 10.1 LTE for NTT DOCOMO. We have made tremendous progress with the move to 28-nanometer, and the Snapdragon MSM8960 is seeing very strong design activity across our customer base.  LTE is increasingly becoming a design requirement, and our time-to-market advantage with integrated LTE multimode in the MSM8960 is valued by our customers. In addition to global connectivity in the 8960, we continue to lead in computing and graphics with our new Krait CPU micro-architecture and next-generation Adreno graphics system. The Qualcomm Atheros team is also executing well with quarter-over-quarter growth across all channels and geographic regions as wireless attach rates continue to increase in consumer electronics and QCA's comprehensive networking platforms, consisting of WiFi, PLC and ethernet, drive greater value.  We continue to invest in the Windows computing platform and associated ecosystem to address new device categories beyond traditional cellular. Microsoft recently demonstrated Windows 8 running on Snapdragon at their BUILD conference and highlighted how our mobile architecture enables a feature called connected standby. This feature enables a Windows 8 PC to run on low-power mode and remain connected to the network and always up to the date, much like smartphones do today. This underscores the advantages our mobile architecture does in bringing the computing realm and demonstrates the natural advantages of a Snapdragon-based solution. We expect Windows 8 to be a significant opportunity for us beyond this fiscal year.  As we move forward, we continue to expect our operating margins to reflect the growing mix of mass-market smartphones, continued investment in mobile computing and the full year effect of the acquisitions we made this year. Even with this, we are expecting fiscal 2012 revenue and operating income to grow at a rate in excess of CDMA device growth. Further, we are expecting to get off to a strong start with MSM shipments estimated to be between 146 and 154 million units in the first fiscal quarter.  In closing, we believe the QCT team executed very well in fiscal 2011 and continued to drive our technology and integration leadership position in the industry. We believe we are in a strong competitive position to continue to grow and to lead the transition to smartphones across all tiers and regions, as well as the growth of mobile computing.  That concludes my remarks. I look forward to seeing many of you in New York at our upcoming analyst event. I will now turn the call over to Bill Keitel.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: A couple of things. One is it's progressing pretty much the way that we had hoped. So it's on track for the dates that we talked about last call. We'll see that build volume through really the mid-calendar year of '12 and -- as we've said before. So quite happy with how that's looking both from a designing perspective as well as from the engineering side. We will -- that will build throughout the year. We're also taking the 28-nanometer process and we're actually going to create a tier of products, which I think we've talked a little bit about before. On a high-end, more of a tablet-specific part as well as a mass market LTE product. So if you look at 28-nanometer in total through next year, or through this year, fiscal year '12, you'll see it build on the 8960, which I would consider to be a premium part, and then transition to a tiered road map pretty consistent with what we've done with other technology transitions as well.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And this is Steve. I can maybe just say a few things about share. So we feel that we're pretty well positioned actually in the emerging markets. In fact, it's been an area of strength for us for some time. And the initial products that we've had -- we've been launching here in the last couple of years have actually been quite successful worldwide. I think our 27 family of products just recently throughout the fiscal 2011 actually crossed the 100 million-unit mark. And we've just upgraded that product line and the 27A [ph], and that was actually our fastest product to go from tapeout to products-in-stores ever. So it's -- we feel that's been a good product for us, and we feel pretty well positioned. Those markets, though, are new areas for us in terms of their transitions to smartphones, and we look at that really as an opportunity versus a risk.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And Brian, I think I won't comment on exactly the timing, but he actually does that write an email on this topic every once in a while. But I would say we've been quite pleased with how the WCDMA business has been performing. And I think with the sequential increase in the MSM volume, it's been -- I think the strategy's been paying off, both for the smartphone products as well as the modem-specific products. We're quite pleased with how the business is performing.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Ehud, this is Steve. So in answer to your first question, the 350, it's a pretty broad mix. As you know, we -- our Snapdragon family is a -- is really a family of products, from the mass-market smartphones all the way up into integrated LTE products. And what we're seeing in terms of forward-looking mix is, I would say, tremendous growth in the mass-market smartphones around the world. You're seeing a lot of designing activity in those mass-market areas. We're also starting to see, I think, more penetration of LTE and the leading AP processor coming together. I think we talked a little bit about this throughout the year in 2011, how we thought the second half of 2011 calendar would include products that had both high-performing application processor coming alongside with the LTE chipset, as well. Again, multimode LTE chipset. And we're seeing that play out. It's a good on-ramp, I think, into the 8960. So it's very, very mixed, and I think it reflects the market outlook, if you look at the mix of Snapdragon products. If you look at the market outlook, which I think is really very -- strong growth up and down the tiers. We're seeing that same thing in design and activity.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mark, this is Steve. I'll talk about the first question. On Windows 8, as I said in my remarks, we don't think that will be the big revenue event here in this fiscal year. But we continue to invest, I think, upstream of what we think will be a very interesting opportunity. So there are multiple chipsets actually right now in development in support of what we think will be a pretty interesting market here in the next several years. The -- I don't want to talk in any great detail about the timing. I think Microsoft alluded to that, or at least provided some indication at their recent BUILD conference, but I will say that the initial products that we will use are already in the lab and already are in customer hands. So it's really an active development project now for us.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: It's Steve. I'll take the first part of that. So on connectivity, it's very much an integration story, both at the high end and at the low end. One of the things that we've seen, particularly on the 8960 platform where we've -- where it's for the first time that we've integrated wireless LAN in with the baseband. We've been very pleased with the traction that we've been able to get. And so it's a very similar story to what we've seen in the past when we've integrated products. It's a much, much easier way to deliver the product to the OEM, and I think it comes at a better cost and a better performance envelope. So we expect the connectivity attachment to increase as we move forward consistent with that strategy.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: James, this is Steve. With respect to your question on the stand-alone apps processor. Yes, we do have a stand-alone AP product. And we really did that because we had customers asking us for it, which I think is a great statement about the quality of the product. But by and large, the majority of the customer requests have been to have the integrated product. And I think there are 2 dynamics which are pulling that through. The first one is at the high end, it tends -- the high-end application processor tends to travel with the leading-edge modem. And we deliver those products together, and I think it's a very competitive offering. You see that in the 8960, but you've also seen that in our Fusion product line where we have really made it very easy for the OEMs to integrate together the LTE product and the dual-core application processor. Now in the low tier, it tends to be that cost is a big driver. So integration tends to rule the day there. And so majority of our shipments there tend to be in the integrated fashion. But we'll do whatever the market asks us to do in this case.
William E. Keitel: Sure, Tim. Yes, we are reaffirming the 775 number. And for next year, the midpoint growth estimate of about 16% is a little lower than we've seen in recent years. But likewise, we think the global economy is looking weaker as well. So we've triangulated that CDMA-based unit shipment forecast for next year to a rather low global GDP growth estimate, again particularly for Europe but also for the U.S. The strength we're seeing, if anywhere, on global GDP would be in the emerging markets. Specific to our fiscal Q1 guidance relative to the fiscal Q4, if you'll recall, the QTL revenues are recorded one quarter in arrears. And so what we'll report in our fiscal Q1 will be shipments for fiscal Q4. Fiscal Q4 we don't think had a significant growth over fiscal Q3 in the market, whereas for the market as a whole, we are seeing strong growth in the -- in this first fiscal quarter, which QTL, we expect, will reflect next quarter.
William E. Keitel: Tal, I'll take your first one here on the FX. For the near term here, it's pretty minor really. For the quarter we just reported, there is a couple of dollar impact, and we see an offsetting couple of dollar impact in the first quarter. A little positive for the fourth quarter, a little negative for the first quarter. For the full year at this point, our -- we're not forecasting much of an FX impact at all. On the ASPs, the second one, we are expecting a continued strong acceleration of smartphones. I think that's probably our single biggest driver on the smartphones. They've grown substantially this year. The penetration rate has come up nicely. We expect continued strong growth there in fiscal '12. On top of that, we are forecasting stronger growth in the emerging markets relative to developed markets. So that would be, I think, the second most significant variable. The first one, the smartphone growth, is putting upward pressure on the ASPs. Stronger emerging market growth relative to developed market growth is putting some downward pressure on them.
William E. Keitel: I'll let Steve take that second one. This is Bill. On the first one, we're having that discussion, Brian, of whether we will would breakout more. We haven't made a firm decision for the analyst [indiscernible]. But I would caution our leaning is not to do so. Having said that, we -- to your point about multiple devices per user, we are working on a little more color around just that point and the kind of penetration rates that we're starting to see in different regions around the world. And hopefully, that will be both a interesting and an informative day that we can bring forward in New York.
William E. Keitel: Ehud, this is Bill. On your point on the margins, QCT margins. We do think we're getting off to a good start here in this first fiscal quarter on a number of fronts, including the QCT margin. Beyond that, in terms of how the year will play out, we are working on planning to give more color on that in New York week after next. In the meantime, what I would just say is that when I look at the timing of what I see for this year as compared to prior years -- maybe put 2009 aside because there was such a sudden change in channel inventory in that year. Put 2009 aside. But compared to other years, I don't think the revenue profile, or the operating income profile through the year will be dramatically different for fiscal 2012 compared to prior years. But we are hoping to share some more details with you on that in New York.
William E. Keitel: Ittai, it's Bill. I'll take your first one on the acquisitions. You are correct. We did -- we mentioned last year that for 2012, we thought Atheros would be accretive to non-GAAP by a couple of cents, and that is built into our guidance. The -- what I mentioned in my comments, introductory comments, was that relative to some acquisitions we completed in the fourth fiscal quarter, GestureTek being one and an asset acquisition we made being another, the combination of those 2 -- there was a third small one. The combination of those 3 will -- I expect will largely offset the accretion that we're looking for, for Atheros.
William E. Keitel: Rod, this is Bill. I'll contribute some comments to your questions. Maybe others would have a few other thought. On the Atheros one, we gave a lot of detail on Atheros last quarter because we had guided fiscal Q3 without Atheros and then, of course, we closed on the acquisition. So we gave extra detail on Atheros. We're going to refrain from that for the most part, going forward, other than just reiterate Steve's comments that we have seen good growth from the Atheros business and we expect strong growth next year as well. On the -- your point on the margin guidance and the EPS, we are -- yes, I mean, I think we're a bit higher. Our EPS midpoint, anyway, is a bit higher than where the Street average was. I don't know how much was being imputed in for these acquisitions we completed in -- just completed in the fiscal fourth quarter, which degraded that by a bit. But beyond that, as I did say on my opening comments, we do expect QCT operating margins to be in a range of 20% to 22%, which -- put a little perspective to it. You do have a -- you get a full year Atheros in there, and Atheros operating margin operated a few hundred basis points below what we typically operated at. So number one. Number two -- I'm already getting into a bit of what we're going to share in New York, but I'll just touch on it. The operating expense growth that we expect for fiscal '12 will be heavily weighted towards QCT again. So that's putting a little pressure on the operating margin as well. But other than that, I would just say, I think, as Steve said it, I think if we can execute in a 20% to 22% range operating margin for QCT at the kind of growth we expect and with the substantial investments that we're making for the future, I think we feel pretty good about that.
William E. Keitel: Mark, on the cash side, we've just got -- we closed fiscal Q4 with a little over $20 billion in cash, and approximately $5.7 billion of that was onshore.
William E. Keitel: Jeff, I'll offer some thoughts here. This is Bill. I -- my first thought is that it mirrors much of what we commented earlier on with respect to QTL ASPs, that we're expecting much faster growth in the emerging world relative to the developed world. And the emerging world typically is a bit lower-end solution than what we see in developed world. But similarly with the Licensing business, where we're seeing -- we think we'll continue to see a strong acceleration in smartphones penetration. That is playing pretty well, I think, into our capabilities and our strategy on the QCT side. But I would say it's more developed versus emerging that would be the key theme there.
William E. Keitel: On the seasonality for March. So March quarter, obviously, is post the Christmas season's selling period for -- which is pretty key for a number of markets. We typically see the channel build up a little extra inventory during that Christmas time, and then it gets worked off in -- through the March quarter. So that typically shows through in our QCT results. Whereas, on the QTL side, our -- the -- when we report March quarter, obviously that is December shipments of our licensees. So you get the Christmas effect in the Licensing side in the March quarter. The last couple of years, those 2 things have pretty well offset, and March has been a very -- I think, quite respectable. We're going to give a little more color on what we see this year when we're in New York, and -- but on average, you expect a little inventory work-off in the March quarter.
William E. Keitel: James, on your first question on the next year market and what effect did it have, the macroeconomic concerns on the broader unit shipments we see. We've found over the years a pretty good correlation between GDP growth in a region and the rate at which new wireless devices are bought by the end consumer. So we've successfully used that correlation in our forecasting. We're continuing to use that correlation. I expect -- it is -- I don't see a major reason that would suddenly change. Then what helps Qualcomm is this continuing migration from 2G to 3G. So although we see a fairly lackluster world economy next year, we expect 3G will do a bit better than mobile devices as a whole because of the 2G to 3G transition. And then thirdly, the specifics we have seen, how we adjust our forecast. We typically see in a lower-GDP-growth environment is that replacement rate. Consumers tend to hold on to their devices a little bit longer. So we've incorporated a little lower replacement rate forecast than what we otherwise would have done. And then also, just the new device volume gets impacted as well. So that's kind of how we work through our forecast on that macro. It really leverages from this correlation we found between total mobile devices and GDP growth region by region. On mirasol, we did give an indication at the outset of 2011 that we expected -- I think it was -- if I remember correctly, we said about a $225 million operating loss. I expect we'll update that in New York. And at this point -- but with the business progressing, the R&D continuing and starting to bring more fab capacity online, we have a larger operating loss built into our guidance. So we will share more color on that in New York.
William E. Keitel: Sure, Kulbiner. On the tablet specifically, what we forecast is the 3G-enabled. That's what's in our numbers. We are looking for strong growth in tablets, but it's a relatively small base relative to -- when compared to handsets. So I think we're as top -- on top of that forecast as we can be. On your point about the overall forecast, I'll just put an overall perspective to it to begin with. First of all, I mean, for this year, I think the midpoint of our estimates all year has been 775 million units, and we'll see. But all data points at this point suggest that that's going to be pretty close to the actual. Last year, I think our total market estimate was off low single digit relative to what we started our guidance with. The year before, 2009, a very difficult environment for anybody to forecast in. I believe we were still single digit within our forecast to actual. It was higher single digits but nonetheless. So I -- overall, I feel pretty good about the teams that put a lot of effort into the forecasting of that. I think we've done pretty good, but obviously we have to stay very focused for the -- going forward. On the -- now on the market, recall that not all OEMs report, or report in the same breakout as compared to what we get. And the OEM base and licensee base, for that matter, too, has grown substantially here, even in this last year, particularly in the last couple of years. So there's -- I think we get a little bit better visibility than what many others can get as to what's actually happening, and that, I think, helps us on the forward outlook.
William E. Keitel: On the -- Stacy, on the mirasol CapEx. We did slow down what we had planned at the outset of this year to spend on the mirasol CapEx. At this point in our plans for fiscal '12, we will catch up on the amount that we had originally projected for fiscal '11.
