Derek Aberle: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon everyone. As Steve noted, we made significant progress in the licensing business this quarter both in terms of new agreement signed and catch up amounts reported. As a result, QTL had a very strong fiscal third quarter with total reported device sales of approximately $62.6 billion and revenues of $2 billion driven primarily by the catch-up reporting of certain prior period sales and revenue as well as stronger than expected 3G, 4G device ASPs. As a reminder, as a result of the resolution of our dispute with LG in April, in the fiscal third quarter we recognized over $200 million in revenue for sales reported during the prior two fiscal quarters and resumed to recognizing quarterly LG revenues for sales reported in the third quarter consistent with our prior guidance. We continued to make steady progress in China executing new license agreements. In addition, we are still actively negotiating with a small number of the key remaining Chinese OEMs and making progress in those discussions. Based on the progress we are making, those licensees agreed to report and pay a portion of the sales and royalties they have been withholding while we continued to negotiate their new agreements. These amounts plus additional catch-up payments we received from other licensees during the quarter resulted in more than $200 million in revenues in QTL for the third fiscal quarter related to prior period activity. QTL revenue for the quarter therefore included a total of more than $400 million in revenue related to prior period activity as a result of the LG resolution and these catch-up payments. As we have said in the past, we are prepared to take action against OEMs that are not negotiating in good faith to conclude license agreements or underreporting to royalties they owe us. Consistent with that approach in June, we filed complaints against Meizu in the Intellectual Property Courts in both Beijing and Shanghai, China. Regrettably, we have had to turn to litigation against Meizu in order to protect our rights and importantly to maintain fairness in a level playing field for the companies that are respectful of intellectual property rights and have entered into license agreements in accordance with the resolution reached by Qualcomm and the NDRC. We are also continuing to work hard on a number of fronts to improve compliance. We are actively implementing our compliance plans and expect them to deliver a meaningful improvements over time. Looking ahead, we continue to estimate calendar 2016 global 3G, 4G device shipments of 1.625 to 1.725 billion devices with year-over-year unit growth of approximately 8% at the mid-point. We continue to see a strong 4G ramp in China as each of the operators pursues aggressive subscribe growth targets with their 4G plus service offerings and design momentum continues to move rapidly towards all mode devices across China. Other emerging regions continue to be negatively impacted by macroeconomic headwinds. Outside of handsets, growth in automotive telematics is offsetting weaker tablet volumes. We continue to expect low single-digit growth in global 3G, 4G device sales in fiscal 2016 consistent with our prior guidance reflecting strong unit growth partially offset by ASP declines that are consistent with our prior expectations. We continue to expect that the rate at which handset ASPs will decline during the fiscal 2016 will be about 50% of the rate of decline experienced in fiscal 2015. In terms of the outlook for QTL for the fiscal year, we now expect revenue to be between $7.4 billion and $7.8 billion. We have narrowed the range to align with our current view of expected progress in China for the remainder of the fiscal year including increased confidence that we will conclude additional agreements with some other remaining key OEMs within the fiscal year. Although, we expect to continue to see quarterly fluctuations in the externally implied royalty rate for the reasons we have previously explained, we expect the rate for fiscal 2016 to be in the range of 2.9%. With respect to the Korean Fair Trade Commission investigation of our licensing practices, we have now submitted an extensive response to the case teams report and have entered the hearing phase with the commissioners. During this phase, the commission will conduct a series of hearings over the next few months during which we expect to have the opportunity to further present our response. The first hearing was held earlier today in Korea in contrary to the recent press reports, the commission has not reached a decision in our case. In conclusion, we continue to make good progress in China. We are keenly focused on concluding agreements with the remaining OEMs as well as improving compliance and are working towards continued progress in the fourth fiscal quarter. That concludes my comments. And I will now turn the call over to George.
Derek Aberle: Simona, hey, it's Derek. Yes, I think we are not in a position today to breakout the split of TRDS kind of units in ASP that came in through the catch-up payments in Q3. I think, if you look at it, you sort of look at it for the year, you will be able to see that we are sort of making progress and closing the gap and if we continue to make progress and close these key remaining agreements. We talked at the Analyst Day of being in a position to capture about 75% of the global sales from the Chinese OEMs. I think we'll actually sort of on an exit rate basis, if we can close these remaining deals, it will be better than that. So I think it's just a continued story of progress and you are starting to see the results were all through this quarter.
Derek Aberle: Mike, this is Derek. So I think the way to think about it is sort of if I bridge back to the answer I was just giving to Simona's question we continue to believe that if we can close these remaining agreements that the exit rate actually on the China portion of the global sales -- Chinese OEM portion will now be north of 75%. And I think, if you look that also in terms of then the global sales, it would be less than 10% on a run rate basis going forward. And what we have seen actually is, some of these key Chinese OEMs have actually been gaining share. And so we will get an even larger benefit on a run rate basis, if we can close out the remaining couple of agreements we have here.
Derek Aberle: Oh, yes. And I would say, basically we are -- I think the progress we are making in China and the view in the market we see is consistent with what we talked about in terms of the $10 billion target.
Derek Aberle: Hi, Tim. It's Derek. So on the first question, yes, the units in Q3 would have included some amount of catch up which rolled into the catch up number that we talked about. If we look back, you will see we have effectively held our unit call for calendar 2016, which is about as you said about an 8% year-over-year growth, obviously that has quarterly fluctuation given seasonality and other variability. I would say largely from a market standpoint things are tracking in line with what we would have expected last quarter. We talked about China being stronger, some softness in the premium tier and a little bit of weakness in some of the emerging markets but the net-net still giving us confidence that the 8% forecast was good. You may have seen China reported numbers out recently probably stronger than most people had expected and largely in line with what we thought would happen there.
Derek Aberle: Yes, James. It's Derek. So I think the way to look at it is, we have this small group of licensees that were withholding their reports and payments while they continue to negotiate. And that was inconsistent with what a lot of the other companies did. And I think the way to look at that is, given the progress that we have made within the last quarter with those companies towards closing agreements which aren't yet closed, but we are making progress towards that and sort of put them in a position to feel the right thing to do was to go ahead and report a portion of the prior period sales which is what roll through in the quarter. Taking that up a level, as I said, for the year at the Analyst Day we talked about, if we could close these key deals, we would basically be sort of on an run rate basis collecting on about 75% of the total sales by the Chinese OEMs, and then, there would be additional compliance work we would need to do to kind of close the gap on the remainder. I would say now as we look at that picture, if we accomplish the same goal this year meaning that closing the agreements, the exit rate will actually be north of that 75%. And then, of course, we are already actively moving on a number of fronts to improve the compliance in other areas. So, I think that's largely tracking in line with our plans and as you can see if there are companies that we believe we are not making progress with and we won't conclude agreements with because they are not negotiating in good faith we will take action against them and that's what we did against Meizu. We don't feel like at the moment with other companies, but of course that could change in the future. Our current view though is we are making progress and we have higher confidence now than we did a quarter ago that we will be able to close those deals within the year.
Derek Aberle: Kulbinder, it's Derek here. On the -- we basically said the combined catch-up amounts across is actually LG not Samsung. LG and the companies that then reported some prior period activity was in the quarter north of $400 million. If you think about Q4 as George mentioned, the way we looked at that kind of throughout the year we had a little bit of a difference in the way we treated guidance meaning the QTL full year revenue guidance as always included revenues associated with closing new deals. But that, when we were just guiding one quarter out, we have been cautious and not including the benefit of what would be required to close those deals within the quarter. Now, as we get towards the end of the year with just Q4 remaining and we look at the progress we are making, we have effectively narrowed the range brought up the low-end of the range. And as George said, while we have included some amount of benefit from closing new deals but not the full benefit. So what's rolling through our Q4 guidance is really consistent with the low-end of the full year QTL revenue guidance. And then, there is incremental revenue that would come from closing additional deals in the quarter which we -- we believe is possible which is why we have continued to have a higher range for the full year on QTL. Going forward, I think the way to think about the run rate is, again, if we get that done, we will be north of probably 75% of the Chinese OEM sales on a run rate basis, which would mean sort of the under reporting percentage of total global sales would be less than 10%. And then, to really close the gap on that is going to be a combination of -- I would say signing up some of the smaller players as well as obviously we have the dispute with Meizu. And then, driving higher compliance from some of the companies that are already licensed and just not reporting their full sales. So it will be a kind of a combination of a few different elements there.
Derek Aberle: Yes, Tim. This is Derek. I think the way to think about it is, we -- on my script we included a statement for the full fiscal year that we believe for the full year will be around the 2.9% level. I think if you try to kind of normalize Q3 to adjust for the prior period activity things like the LG resolution which pushed the rate up. I think it would be in that range as well for the quarter. Q4, we believe will be down sequentially but it's really hard to give you a forecast on that just because it will be fairly dependent on -- how many of the deals we get resolved within the quarter and how much catch-up comes in as you might remember some of the guys that were still negotiating with were larger -- historically larger three-mode players and the rate on three-mode devices is lower than on other devices. And so that could have within the quarter when that catch-up comes in could have a dilutive effect. But, we are still comfortable with the longer term view on the rate that we talked about in February and also for the year that I mentioned today.
Derek Aberle: So for QTL, we would expect obviously, we are coming down quarter-over-quarter relative to the -- because of the amount of -- kind of out of period items that were in Q3, spending, staying flat will impact operating margin not as much as certainly what you are forecasting. We haven't guided the amount of licensing that we anticipate assigning but, it's not a material amount, but there is some -- included in our guidance forecast.
Derek Aberle: Tavis, its Derek. So, we are not going to break out specifically what's in the -- how much catch-up was in the sort of in the range. The way to think about it though is, sort of the two of the larger companies that we have been negotiating with have been withholding payments. This quarter reported and we recognized more than $200 million of catch-up payments related to them. That's not the entirety of the catch-up amount, but it's obviously a significant portion. And then, as you think about what catch-up means, there is obviously some 2015 activity but now we are half way -- essentially half-way through 2016, so there will be additional catch-up. So you have in-quarter activity plus catch-up payments related to those agreements when they get signed and if that happens in the fourth quarter that would roll through there. But, pretty hard for us to give more color than that just given the timing and uncertainty of when they will get done and how much we will roll through in the quarter.
Derek Aberle: Hey, Brett. This is Derek. You are correct as it relates to China. So as part of the NDRC resolution, we committed to offer licenses to -- actually not even the entirety of our essential patent portfolio. But, the 3G, 4G standard essential patents in China. And so, in a sense that has resulted in us doing something different in China than we have done historically which is a disaggregation of the portfolio. And as I said in the past, we do believe there is an opportunity to monetize the remainder of the portfolio. Our focus has been really sort of a sequenced approach meaning try to get through the all of the key deals covering the 3G/4G portfolio and I think we are getting towards the finish line on that. And then, once we do that, I think there is a number of different opportunities and ways that we are thinking through monetizing the remainder of the portfolio. And as you may recall that we mentioned that wasn't built in even to the $10 billion number that we have talked about in February. So, we do think there is an opportunity there over time.
George Davis: Thank you, Derek, and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased to report a very strong fiscal third quarter. Revenues were $6 billion up 4% year-over-year and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.16 up 17% year-over-year. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of $31 billion reflecting strong operating cash flow of approximately 30% of revenue in the quarter and the acceleration of our share repurchase activity into the first half of the year. Through our fiscal third quarter, we have returned approximately 120% of free cash flow or more than $5.9 billion to stockholders this fiscal year including the completion of the remainder of our 10 billion stock repurchase commitments. And we are on track to achieve our targeted 75% return to cash flow in fiscal 2016. Our third quarter results reflect both our commitment to operational efficiency and the strong performance of our operating businesses. Performance above the high-end of our guidance range primarily came from continued progress in our licensing business in China. In QCT, MSM shipments were $201 million approximately 9% above the mid-point of our prior guidance range reflecting greater than expected demand in the low-tier particularly in China. QCT operating margin had 9.5% was inline with our prior expectations on higher volume and cost reductions with increased low-tier demand impacting our product mix and revenue per MSM versus expectations. Non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses overall were lower than forecast decreasing 2% sequentially reflecting continued cost initiatives. Our non-GAAP tax rate during the quarter was 19% up modestly against expectations as a result of a higher mix of licensing revenues in the quarter. We continued to expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 18% for fiscal 2016. Turning to our fiscal fourth quarter, we estimate revenues to be in the range of approximately $5.4 billion to $6.2 billion up approximately 6% year-over-year at the mid-point. We estimate non-GAAP earnings per share in our fiscal fourth quarter to be approximately $1.05 to $1.15 per share up approximately 21% year-over-year at the mid-point. We expect fiscal fourth quarter non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses will be down approximately 2% to 4% sequentially reflecting further strategic realignment plan cost actions particularly in QCT. In QTL, as Derek mentioned our fiscal year revenue outlook is $7.4 billion to $7.8 billion and we believe our recent licensing progress will continue throughout the remainder of the year. Aligned with that view, our revenue guidance for the fourth fiscal quarter assumes some additional progress in China. However, our fourth quarter guidance does not include the full potential benefit from the completion of all license agreements under negotiation and is consistent with the low-end of the QTL range for the full fiscal year. For the fiscal fourth quarter, we estimate total reported device sales of between $57 billion and $65 billion. Our TRDS forecast reflects our estimate that global device sales will be lower year-over-year reflecting a decline in the premium tier at a large OEM partially offset by the impact of closing new licensing agreements and the resulting catch-up we expect to receive. Like our revenue guidance, this forecast includes the impact of closing some but not all of the remaining agreements in China. In QCT, we anticipate MSM shipments of approximately 195 million to 215 million units and operating margin to improve sequentially to 16% or better consistent with our prior operating margin target. Our QCT operating margin forecast reflects the strength of our new product cycle, our cost actions throughout the year as well as strong demand from mid and high-tier devices. Now, turning to fiscal 2016. We remain on track to meet the $1.4 billion reduction in spending under our strategic realignment plan and we continue to expect more than $700 million of savings in fiscal 2016 relative to the SRP baseline, ahead of our original $600 million target. A summary of the savings program is included in the Investor presentation for this call on our Web site. We continue to expect fiscal 2015 non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses to be down approximately 2% to 4% year-over-year, which includes the full year impact of acquisition related increases of approximately 5%. Adjusting for M&A, estimated spending in these areas will be down 7% to 9% year-over-year. We are committed to maintaining a strong discipline of cost management, while remaining extremely focused on the important role Qualcomm will play as the leading innovator in mobile technology solutions. That concludes my comments. I will now turn the call back to Warren.
George Davis: Simona in terms of the upside to guidance as we indicated our Q4 guidance is really set at the low-end of the full year range for QTL. So the upside would be the agreements in addition to the ones that we expect to sign that we put into the guidance. There is still $400 million of revenue upside that is possible for the quarter and not in our guidance.
George Davis: Hi, Tim. It's George. I think we don't break out the gross margin, but I think your point is on revenue per MSM. And yes, it was a little soft during the quarter than we had expected on mix. Obviously, the unit story was quite good and in particular we saw a lot of strength in the low-tier. Gross margin is going to be a good story for us as you look into the end of the year, you are going to see the impact of not only a very strong set of new products starting to get the lift in the marketplace in Q4. But, the adjacent business continues to do well, our adjacent businesses are continuing to do well. And of course, we reiterated the 16% op margin for QCT and that being said, it will also benefit from the OpEx actions that we are taking in the quarter as well. So, good story overall for QCT.
George Davis: Hi, Rod. It's George. So, yes, the mid-point, if you do the 73 to the 28 versus 740, yes, it's down a 500. I wouldn't read anything into it. There is a number of agreements that were put within that space. We have tired to every quarter give an update on where we think the range is going. And even last quarter we said it looks because of the market and some other issues, the range is probably had a little more downside, but we held the low-end of the range based on progress. So, we are constantly adjusting to make sure that we reflect what's possible. You've also seen us take some litigation action which actually puts things outside the -- potentially outside the window for the year. But, there is a number of factors that went into the range. And so, I wouldn't over read a $50 million change. And again, we are guiding to the low-end of the range, which means we have significant upside to that, if we are able to sign more agreements.
George Davis: We are pleased with what we have seen in the marketplace. As you know, the year probably overall has been a little softer in the premium tier than we would have thought. So, but we have also made good progress on both market share and on the -- our cost efforts relative to expectations going in. So, I think overall, we feel comfortable reiterating but I really don't want to characterize it beyond that.
George Davis: Hey, Stacy. It's George. Again, we would expect to see strong revenue per MSM again in the fourth quarter and so not giving a specific guide. But, if you look at the product mix and you look at where we are seeing an up tick and the positioning of our new products, it's all consistent with improved revenue per MSM, also of course the adjacent businesses contribute to that as well as they did in the third quarter. We are not going to guide 2017 at this time and but we are pleased with the progress that we are making on the cost program and we think that will certainly carry into 2017 but we are not going to forecast margin at this time.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. Time, its Steve. In general, we are obviously trying to drive 5G as quickly as we can. It's an area which we think to be a strong player in 5G, you have to be a strong player in 4G, 3G and WiFi and consequentially we think that we will maintain a very strong IP position moving forward. The standards bodies are working on that right now. So, I think we have a lot of visibility into the strength of our submissions as well as to how the industry is unfolding. I think in general, if you'd have asked me that question, a year ago, I would have said that it would have happened closer to 2020. Certainly over the last year and accelerating here over the last quarter there has been a real pull to push that in or to pull that in closer to 2018/2019 timeframe depending on what the deployment is. And of course, we are going to support that with our products and with our standards submissions and all the R&D that we are doing. And as you would expect we are accelerating as well as protecting that R&D as we are repositioning the company for growth. And I think it will be a good story for Qualcomm here over the next decade.
Steve Mollenkopf: And this is Steve. The only thing I would add is, I think betting against feature leadership at the modem level has never been a good way to build a sustainable business. We think it continues to be a defensible franchise. And in fact, if you look at the strength that we are seeing in the business today in China, I think its good proof that that you do not want to be on a wrong side of modem feature leadership and we think that becomes continues to be important and becomes even more important as the industry transitions to 5G. So we feel like we are on a good support to maintain position on the modem franchise.
Steve Mollenkopf: Tal, obviously, we can't specifically talk about anyone customers pricing. But I can tell you or reiterate what I said about going Q3 to Q4, part of how we are going to be getting the operating margin to 16% is a strength that both the gross margin level and across our product suite. So I think we feel very good about the positioning of our products and the ASP implications to that.
Steve Mollenkopf: Ed, you know, I actually agree with the way that you characterized it. It's been very difficult to build, I would say a high-quality modem business without having the ability to handle all the modes they come up. This becomes increasingly important when you are looking to get into SKUs that are sold, let's say worldwide because essentially you get the entire world feature set come into your product. And so what you tend to see is, people might split their products and go with one region with a particular solution, but it's difficult to get the lion share and certainly difficult I think over time to protect that those design wins. So we have seen that over a number of generations and I would say one of the reasons that we were successful in 4G besides just being ahead on 4G was the ability to make it very easy for multi-mode to occur at the chipset. Really, all the multi-mode work tends to be abstracted to the user by the chipset. That continues to be important and I would add in Wi-Fi and many different brands when you go to 5G. So we think that's going to continue to be an important component of our business moving forward. And one of the reasons why we think it's important to invest not only in the modem but in the RF and all of the technologies that make that very easy to occur. With IOT it even becomes more important in my opinion because the SKU that goes into these industrial applications, you're really trying to make it easy for someone to go and access cellular without having to learn about all of the complications that cellular provide. So, we think that's not only a defensible strategy for cellular products but also for the Internet of Things and the franchise moving forward.
Steve Mollenkopf: The business in China obviously is pretty diverse. And I think we've approached it in the right way which is -- we have kind of a stage plan, the first is to get the key agreements done, I think we are making good progress as you've seen on that front. There is a number of in-country in China compliance initiatives, we have ongoing with existing licensees including active audit and other efforts to make sure we really have a clear understanding of the market landscape and who is doing what. There will be I think a piece of the market that is sort of the long-tale piece that tends to be, lower ASP, low cost, lower featured devices. They might be a little bit harder to get after than some of the other pieces. But, we are seeing consolidation across the OEMs both in terms of share and also even some early M&A activity. So the number of players we believe will reduce over time. Beyond that, so obviously, legal proceedings will be an element of our compliance efforts and you have seen that with Meizu. But, there are many, many other things we are doing as well both in China and I talked about some of these at some length at our Analyst Day in February. But, there is a lot of activity we are also doing outside of China and a lot of the other regions in the world that we think have the ability to impact and change behavior for some of the players that have been less compliant in the past. So litigation will be one tool, but it's not going to be the only tool. And there is other things that are less costly that we think we can do to drive higher compliance over time and big area focus obviously for the business right now.
Steve Mollenkopf: Well, I think in general, we tend to have a multi-sourcing strategy and that includes the leading node. We have already taped out 10-nanometer and sampled it to customer. So, our focus tends to be on the leading node even beyond 10 nanometers and because our business is so diverse we tend to use everything from the leading node all the down to analog processes. So it's a multi-sourcing tends to be one of the tenants of how we operate the business.
Steve Mollenkopf: Thank you. I just wanted to thank everyone for attending the call today. We had a stronger than expected quarter and are executing well on our plans to position the company for the next phase and profitable growth. We continue to make good progress in the licensing business in China and have favorable new product momentum in QCT. Lastly, I want to thank all of the Qualcomm employees for their hard work, for the strong quarter and we look forward to the many exciting opportunities ahead. Thank you.
Cristiano Amon: Okay. This is Cristiano. Thank you for your question. First, maybe addressing China, I think as we said in addition to seeing stronger demand for high and mid and even low tier units and then it also give us a higher unit in the quarter. I think we are seeing significant traction within our new product family not only the Snapdragon 800 but more important the 600 and 400 tiers. And we see that market in China is moving up, we spoke earlier in other calls about things such as all mode and care aggregation. We see that is materializing all-mode is becoming the preferred configuration which is a multi-mode solution across all the carriers in China and I think here, China exactly moving faster to higher speeds. So we see that exactly a positive trend for Qualcomm in particular as the market in China moving up. With regards to how we view about second sourcing and one large customer, I think we said very, very clear that's our planning assumption and we stayed within -- driving towards to meet our commitments in 2016 and I think that has no impact in our 16% projection of operating margin for QCT.
Cristiano Amon: Hey, Amit. Thanks for your question. This is Cristiano. So I will try to -- it's very difficult for us to comment specifically about our customer plans with regards to volume and share. I think what I can say as -- we always had second sourcing in our business in QCT throughout the year. And I think, we have always rely and to strengthen our product roadmap and technology transitions to drive value and volume from our solutions. That I think that leads into your second question. I believe the gigabit LTE transition, it is going to get a lot of traction across all the developed markets. And also, you are going to see that as pre-deployment ahead of 5G. I think the ability to drive gigabit LTE technology with 4G using advance or other techniques is going to be key to drive a transition of 5G. And I think in addition to that we see both the WiFi and the LTE evolving at the same time across license in a licensed spectrum. As in a licensed spectrum with 3GPP is standard, it's called LAA and license spectrum becomes available that's going to give many operators worldwide the ability to get to gigabit speeds. And we are very confident about the ability to build that with a roadmap.
Cristiano Amon: Hi. I think Tal and to comment on the 820 RAM, I think we will continue to see 820 launches throughout the year. I think you have the normal seasonality of the holiday season. But also, you have now different seasonality in China as well. So, I think, we will continue to see 820 launches throughout the year and when we get into 2017, you are going to start to see launches regarding the next generation platform.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Tavis. This is Cristiano. To your question on gigabit LTE; gigabit LTE I think we already sampled some of the first products of gigabit LTE, you are going to see this in product throughout next calendar year, maybe some of the early products could come as early as this calendar year. And you need a three or four carrier aggregation to be able to do this. One important thing is, you have a lot of carriers today doing three carrier aggregation today. I think that plus four carrier aggregation, you can get to gigabit speeds.
