Derek K. Aberle - President: Hi, Simona. This is Derek. Yes, really in China, I think it's much of the same story that has been playing out through the year. We are making progress, as you said. We signed both ZTE and TCL this quarter, which I think is good continued traction on significant OEMs, now that's added to the list with Huawei that have accepted the NDRC terms. But there are a handful of still significant Chinese OEMs that we're continuing to negotiate with and as we noted before, these things are difficult to predict from a timing standpoint. And so we're going to continue to work through that and as we do, we expect that the picture will improve moving forward. I would say the thing that's a little bit new this time is as the negotiations have progressed, you have discussions around 3-mode licensing where the companies were unlicensed in the past and therefore not paying while the negotiation progresses, but in most other cases, licensees have continued to report and pay on their non 3-mode devices, such as WCDMA devices. And that is a little bit different this quarter in the sense that a handful or less than a handful of these companies have actually, we think as a negotiating tactic, stopped reporting and paying similar to what we went through last year when we were dealing with the other dispute with the Chinese OEM, which ultimately got resolved as you may recall, with a catch-up payment coming in. So again our feeling is that in the end, we will get these agreements concluded, and when that happens, these payments will come in. But we are taking a cautious approach to the guidance for Q1 as well as the full fiscal year in QTL just because the timing of these things is uncertain. On ZTE and TCL in particular, those companies were reporting royalties while we were negotiating those deals, so even though we signed, there will not be significant catch-up payments coming through, although there will be some royalties coming in on 3-mode. Those players are not the largest players in the 3-mode space in China.
Derek K. Aberle - President: This is Derek. On the first one, actually Huawei was signed earlier in the year, didn't come through this quarter. And as to TCL and ZTE, there will be some catch-up payments that come through December, but they're relatively small in comparison. So you should think about the cautious Q1 guidance as really not reflecting resolution of these pending negotiated agreements or any catch-ups that would flow through there.
Derek K. Aberle - President: Mike, without really getting into the units, because I don't think we have broken that out, if you actually look at the metrics we did give, we gave you a global 3G/4G device sales number for the fiscal 2015 year and the midpoint of that is about $275 billion-ish, and if you look at where we rolled up for the reported TRDS at about $251 billion-ish. You can see that the gap there's a little more than $24 billion of TRDS for fiscal 2015. That probably was a little more back half weighted versus front half weighted, but the delta is more in the range of approximately 9%.
Derek K. Aberle - President: Rod, this is Derek. Yes, I think you got it right. It's really largely a revenue driven story. There's a little bit of the OpEx that rolls through in the current quarter that we wouldn't expect to see again in next quarter. But you know, it's really a revenue story. So as the year progresses and we make progress, we do believe the margins will be stronger kind of as we move forward through the year.
Derek K. Aberle - President: Kulbinder, this is Derek. Yeah, let me try to break it down. So if you think about the end market, the global TRDS we expect will grow kind of low single digit over fiscal 2015. So there will be some growth there, but not as strong as we saw last year. We think that that actually picks up over time as the ASP declines further moderate and we continue to see good unit growth. But in 2016 in particular, the growth is somewhat muted. On top of that, you do have some headwinds facing the business and I mentioned them in my remarks. One is that in 2015 we had a partial year effect of the Chinese companies that accepted the new NDRC terms, reporting under those terms as opposed to the old ones, which were higher. In 2016 we would have a full year impact of that. In addition we had some FX headwinds in fiscal 2015 that were really a partial year effect that we expect will actually be a full year effect in 2016. And finally we expect within the China market a higher mix of 3-mode devices, which under the NDRC terms come through at a lower revenue per unit, is one way to think about it. So when you roll all that up just from a nonstructural standpoint, that gives you a growth picture for the business. On top of that, there is obviously an impact from the negotiation process where these handful of licensees that were in negotiations with stopped reporting, and we've rolled a cautious approach to that through our guidance. And as we make progress on those negotiations, we expect that to improve. So if everything came together and we were able to get the remaining agreements done and resolve some of the other compliance issues and recover the catch-ups, we would come in above the high end of our range. It's just that's a lot to promise within fiscal 2016, so we haven't built all of that upside into the guidance range.
Derek K. Aberle - President: Stacy, this is Derek. So listen, we have a view on the market. We think that that's a pretty well informed view and it is modest growth year over year, 2015 to 2016. I think what you're seeing in China is a picture play out that was not all that unexpected, meaning once the resolution happened with China, we had to go through the process of implementing the agreed-upon terms with our licensees, and we knew that that process would take some time. We have made a lot of progress on that. As I mentioned, we've got a number of agreement signed up, but there are still a handful of significant ones that are under negotiation. So what's played out through the course of this year really are a few different things. One is we have made slower than expected progress in these negotiations which means that we're not getting paid on as large amount of the 3-mode volume that we expected. And that's really a negotiating dynamic from our perspective. Once we get these agreements done, we will get paid. The second is as I mentioned, more recently the handful of negotiations that we are involved in, we've had some of the licensees take probably a little more aggressive negotiating stance and start withholding payments while we're negotiating. We do have confidence, they acknowledge that they owe the royalties and that we will get paid on these once the agreements are concluded. But the timing of that's uncertain and so we're being cautious about the guidance on that. Finally, if you look at the share of the Chinese OEMs worldwide, the Chinese OEMs have continued to gain share throughout 2015 and we believe that will be the case in fiscal 2016 as well. And so you essentially have a piece of the market that has very high compliance losing share to another part of the market that has some compliance challenges and the issues that I just mentioned. So that's really what's driving the gap between the end market and what's getting reported to us. And we believe we have a well-thought-out aggressive plan for how to deal with that. It's just a question of when that will all get resolved.
Derek K. Aberle - President: This is Derek. Yeah, so I think what you're seeing is the trends that we've talked about for some time playing out broadly in line with what we expected, meaning we did expect ASPs to moderate over time and if you look at what we're projecting to happen in fiscal 2016 as compared to 2015, we do expect further declines, but probably at about half the rate that we saw in 2015. And over time we expect that that will moderate further for a lot of the reasons we've already explained including the fact that there will be further concentration we think within the Chinese OEM base. And we are continuing to see evidence that the Chinese OEMs' ASPs are increasing over time to come closer in line with some of the non-Chinese suppliers. And that's a trend that we think will continue going forward. And then importantly, as we see more of the growth in the future coming from the emerging regions, we're going to get to a place, probably starting next year, where there's more of a replacement market in the emerging regions as opposed to the first migration from 2G to 3G/4G. And that will have a moderating effect on ASP declines over time. So again, I think like I said, broadly in line with what we've been expecting and we'll definitely be updating this picture when we do our Analyst Day early in the next calendar year.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: James, this is Steve. With respect to the chipset shipments in Q4, what happened was really there was a broad-based improvement in share relative to expectations in that quarter, in particular at a large customer, our mid and low tier shipments were stronger than we expected. So I think we're exiting the fiscal year a bit stronger than we would have said we were going to exit in July. So we're pleased with that.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: On the 820, it's looking great and the customer feedback is quite strong on it. It's going to be something that contributes in the second half of the year. It's certainly not going to be in the first quarter necessarily. But we have high hopes for that product, and you heard me say that customer traction is quite strong. It's over 60 designs. I think it's going to be a good product for us.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: On the 820, this is Steve. On the 820, I feel like we've got broad-based design wins there and we feel good about it. It's certainly a component of the improving trend that we think is going to play out in 2016 in QCT. There are also a number of other products that we have upgraded that will also contribute to that, but on the product side, we feel good about that product, as I said. And I think that will be a good story as we roll through the year if we continue to execute. In terms of the timing of these products, as you know it continues to move throughout the year. So from everything that we see so far, we're pleased with how we see it. On 5G, a couple things on 5G. First, when we look at 5G, we look at that as an area where it will be a continuation of – we think the strength that we've had in 4G will also transition over to 5G. One of the reasons is that the anchor bands or the anchor, 5G actually uses a 4G anchor. I think there's pretty well – a pretty good alignment at the physical layer on how we put things together. We are obviously contributing a lot on 5G. 5G compared to maybe 3G and 4G, there are probably fewer companies really carrying the load there. We're certainly one of them. And then upstream of that will be we think a number of products that deliver on 4G and Wi-Fi together. And so from the modem perspective, I think it's going to roll out and be a pretty good dynamic moving forward. It will be more complex, but we think complexity is something that we're equipped to handle and handle at scale for the industry.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mark, yeah I would agree with your characterization. I think this year was a real transition year for the structure of the QCT business. We had to change two things. One is we changed our cost structure. We're obviously executing on that and we will be throughout the fiscal year. The other one is that we've restructured the way in which we are organized to enable us to go after new markets yet still leverage the same IP roadmap that we build and continued to develop to service smartphones and mobile. And in particular in the area of IoE and such, it's really become an interesting story. I mean we have created products that from an engineering perspective feel like derivative products, but now they are products that enable us to take our modem leadership and to deliver it into new markets. I talked about a couple of our modem upgrades where we take products, we focus them on some of the machine-to-machine applications that exist in the 3GPP standard, and it really opens up our ability now to sell products into things like Chinese white good manufacturers or into automobiles and machine-to-machine products. So I think there's a good pipeline and a good fan-out for our IP roadmap and we'll start to deliver that more and more as we go through fiscal year 2016, and it will be one of the reasons why we think we'll be on an improving trajectory as we exit the fiscal year.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, I think a couple of things, Alex. One is that we do participate in I think a broader cross-section of the market than just the high tier Snapdragon products and that's obviously something that's helped us in Q4 right now. And we've also taken our cost structure and made fundamental changes to it really to desensitize the business to some of the concentration impacts that you've seen in fiscal year 2015. Taken a lot of work from the team to do that. I think that will isolate or at least insulate us a bit from those things in the future. That being said, I'll tell you I'm looking at what's happening in the industry and the share shifts and the design-in momentum and it's probably a little bit more optimistic a view from our view looking at the customer space than some of the narratives that you'll hear about the products. I mean we've upgraded the product line from top to bottom here in the last six months and we're very pleased with how we're getting traction and I hope the market will support that as the products move forward. And we've got the things that we can control hopefully in the right spot as well. We're clearly executing on those things and we're going to keep people up to date as to how we're doing.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, I think we have a very good relationship with Samsung. I think also the relationship with Samsung is much broader than perhaps people ask us about. We are a strong foundry partner and foundry customer of theirs. We obviously have an IP arrangement as well as a product arrangement. We also have partnerships with products that we put on our Reference Design, so it's a very broad relationship. And the way I would characterize it is that it's getting stronger versus moving the other direction. So it's good to have the scale and the breadth of products that we have. I think it gives us probably a little bit more to bring to the table when we talk to large multinational companies.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Ed, this is Steve. I think the competitive dynamic, it's still a very competitive market, particularly at the low tier. We consider ourselves to be in a very strong position there. I feel good about our competitive position. At the higher tiers and particularly in the areas where people want to have international launches, I think our position, it feels quite comfortable. That being said, there are a lot of people going after this market. It's an attractive market, but I think it's getting harder and harder for people to have the breadth of technology to deliver on all of these products. But you know, the competitive marketplace, it's still a lot of people that want to enter into it. But we feel good about our competitive position.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Yeah, on the modem side, it's obviously a strength of QUALCOMM's. We tend to be several if not multiple generations ahead of our competitors, primarily on feature set, but also on maturity, geographical breadth. And those are important things when you're talking about dealing particularly with worldwide OEMs, and it's an area that we obviously defend very rigorously. The other aspect that's happening and will play out over the next couple of years is that the importance of having RF, the access to multiple bands, the ability to deliver products not only in the licensed bands but in the unlicensed bands will continue to become, actually will increasingly become more important, and those things will be table stakes by the time you get to 5G. Now we're driving to have those things happen as quickly as we can. In terms of visibility into design wins, I think probably the most important thing is we have visibility into the competitive positions of where we sit relative maybe to some of the competitive or the competing chipsets, and I think we feel good about those positions. That being said, we do try to manage our business to never take those things for granted and keep driving it forward, and hopefully you're hearing that tone from us on the call today. We're continuing to invest in what we think are the things that drive benefit to the business, and this is certainly one of them.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Thank you. Yeah, I just want thank our employees really for delivering a strong quarter in a period of difficult decisions and realigning the company for the future. So this year, 2016, will be an important transition year for us. We're focusing on a great set of products. We're clearly focused strongly on improving our licensing compliance, as Derek said, and then we're executing on the strategic realignment plan. So I just want to thank the employees for all their hard work, and it's an important year for us, and I'm optimistic about it. And I just want to thank everybody for coming and listening to the call. Thank you very much.
George S. Davis: James, this is George. On CSR contribution, it was $80 million in revenue in the quarter. It was very modestly accretive, so if you back that out, you can see that we were above the midpoints of our guidance without consideration of CSR.
George S. Davis: Hey, Tim, it's George. On gross margin, I would say it was more a function of mix that you were seeing in the quarter. And if I look at acquisitions, that includes, I should point out since we were talking about it in the context of the baseline for the strategic realignment plan that that was, includes the engineering spend within cost of goods sold as well. So now again, the majority is OpEx. We will have synergy plans and we do have synergy plans for both of the acquisitions that are included in that, and again CSR being the largest. We're going to talk about our view on these acquisitions and the synergy plans as part of the Analyst Meeting which we expect to be in the first quarter, and we'll give you little more color there. So we will execute on the synergy plans, but it is not part of the strategic realignment plan.
George S. Davis: Hi. This is George. In terms of onshore and offshore, we ended the year with $31 billion in cash, $5.3 billion of which was onshore.
