Derek Aberle: Hey, Rod. This is Derek. So if you think about Q2 which we had talked about last quarter in our reporting obviously for this quarter. Basically what happened is, we have a dispute with Apple as to whether we owe them about $1 billion under a cooperation agreement we have. That spans over several quarters of possible payments. What they said in their complaint and what they ended up doing as it relates to the second quarter which are sales through the end of December of 2016 is they effectively withheld payment to their contract manufacturers who then in turn withheld payment to us for royalties that were owed under the contract manufacturers agreements with us in the amount of this disputed cooperation payment, which is about $1 billion. And so that is all reflected in Q2, and as George mentioned because the amounts were reported to us and acknowledged as due, and then we have the cash that we haven't paid to Apple, effectively we took the revenue in Q2 for the amount of the four royalties that were paid net the reserve we had for the payments that are being disputed going back towards Apple. So that's the situation on Q2. On Q3, the guidance as we mentioned includes sort of a variety of possible assumptions on what may play out in terms of what gets paid to us by the contract manufacturers for Q3. I would say the high end of the guidance would be reflective of us getting paid in full, but we've got some other scenarios that are reflected in the range. The agreement itself with Apple which is where we have the dispute of what is owed to them expired at the end of 2016, so has really no relevance or impact to what the contract manufacturers would owe us for sales during the March quarter which is the guidance we’ve provided for Q3. One last point on this is what is not contemplated in the guidance range is for the contract manufacturers to pay us nothing or very low amount. If that were to happen then we would update you all.
Derek Aberle: Yes, just to add to that - this is Derek. The cooperation agreement between QUALCOMM and Apple as I said expired at the end of 2016. So unlike Q2 there really is no basis on which to even argue that there should be a payment of something less than the full amount that the contract manufacturers owed to us. In terms of the Foxconn agreement, it's a long-term agreement. It is not set to expire any time soon. Those are again long-term agreements that are valid in binding and include the contractual obligation to pay the only thing that expired or the direct agreements between QUALCOMM and Apple and those went away at the end of 2016. And to your last point, yes it's been very rare, actually as I sit here can't think of a situation where somebody just simply stop paying us entirely under their agreement where we didn't have a dispute with them as to what they owed or some other thing going on, so that would be rare.
Derek Aberle: Yes. I think just the difference Mike - this is Derek - in the two scenarios that the situation we have the current dispute where we didn't take revenue this quarter about 150 million - little more than 150 million. That situation where we did not get paid, so typically if there's a dispute and we're not getting paid, we wouldn't take the portion that's being withheld, which is different than if we are getting paid. On your sequence question, I think really got to remember the Q2 obviously is seasonally high quarter for the year, December quarter obviously typically the high quarter for QTL, so there would normally be a sequential decline going into Q3. I think other factors to consider, I would say we're assuming as I mentioned in my remarks that this dispute will not get resolved with the licensee we mentioned in Q3. So Q2 to Q3 were both assuming an underpayment and then we have a range of possibilities in the assumptions for what we'll get paid from the contract manufacturers supplying to Apple. If I up level it to the market, the market I think is continues to be quite strong. I would say it played out just a little bit differently in terms of what came in, in Q2 versus Q3. If you look at the TRDS range, we were above the high-end slightly of the Q2 TRDS range because of the phenomena of just more sales into China with a little inventory build that we expect will get sold through in Q3, which is therefore a bit of a drag on Q3 TRDS. So I think those are sort of the main drivers to keep in mind.
Derek Aberle: Tim on the - in terms of the accruals that we've taken, those stopped as the contract expires at the end of the calendar year with the last period that that would be reported in - for us was in fiscal Q2.
Derek Aberle: Jim, this is Derek. On your first question about the contract manufacturers. So yes for Q2 what was reported and owed to us by the contract manufacturers actually exceeded the amount that's in dispute between QUALCOMM and Apple under the cooperation agreement. So we did receive payments under those licenses for the difference as George mentioned between what those companies owed and basically the disputed amount that Apple withheld. And for the Q3, basically we've already received royalty reports from most of the contract manufacturer suppliers to Apple and believe there is a clear and binding payment obligation as it relates to those payments and there is no dispute about other money that is owed from QUALCOMM to Apple. So again if these licensees are operating in accordance with the terms of the agreement they should pay and they should pay the full amount, but again more - a little cautious until we actually get the payment in hand and so that's reflected in the guidance as well as just pointing out that the situation where there's zero payment is not reflected in our range today.
Derek Aberle: Hi, Simona. This is Derek. Maybe I'll take the first two and then George can take the last one. Yes, the amounts that are in dispute between us and Apple as we mentioned last quarter have been fully accounted for and run through the P&L in prior quarters. We did not specify sort of where in the P&L, the various payments were flowing and I think at this time are going to continue on that path. As to the dispute with the licensee, I'm not sure I can characterize majority versus minority, but they did pay a significant amount of royalties to us and didn't withhold - they withheld only a portion of what they owed not the entire payment.
Derek Aberle: Stacy, this is Derek. I think on your second question, I think probably the best way to think about it is, we’d have to wait and see all of the circumstances under which the revenue got reported and paid to us to sort of make a final judgment on that, but at a high level I would say we have binding valid agreements with them if they reported half of what they owe and paid that to us. I think the most likely scenario is as long as we're not in litigation with them that we would recognize that revenue within the quarter that is paid.
George Davis: Rod let me add one thing as well, when you look at Q2 you can look to the balance sheet and see the accounts receivable has had a fairly significant pop, not only because we've brought in RF360, but the receivable is up by the - $1 billion of that is the amount owed by the CM’s which are not disputing the fact that they have reported and are obligated to pay under the contract for this amount. So it has shown as a receivable. We are still holding the $1 billion related to the dispute from the prior quarters under current liabilities on our balance sheet.
George Davis: So Kulbin, I'll take the first part of the question, which is what they paid to us, was simply the difference between the full amount owed under the contract minus the disputed amount. So there was some incremental payment that came in, but it was net of that $1 billion that that we described in the prepared remarks.
George Davis: And just to be - just a reminder, we didn't characterize sort of where those - were accruing on the P&L and that’s I don't want to make it seem like we're validating your description of them. On the second point, I think the way to think about that is the licensee with, which we have a dispute now, those discussions with the licensee I would say have been ongoing for some time and predated the filing in any of the litigation between us and Apple. A lot of times these discussions will go for a period of time before they escalate into a dispute and so that the timing is what it is, but I think it's important to note that the discussions leading up to dispute predated into the BlackBerry or the Apple litigation. And I don't really see a connection to that if you think about the BlackBerry decision. It really is an isolated agreement. And as I mentioned in my remarks even after we make the refund, the amount that BlackBerry paid per unit during that time period was basically consistent with the caps that we have for premium tier devices. So I don't anticipate really any impact from that decision on what other licensees would claim in terms of what it means to their agreements. The Apple situation as we mentioned in a lot of detail in our response, the terms under those agreements I think were grossly mischaracterized in Apple submission. So, yes we've had to have some discussions with licensees to try to clarify what it is and isn't. But I would say that's sort of normal course discussions we would typically have with companies.
George Davis: On the financing front, we expect to be in the market in the second half, we have not put out an estimate yet on the financing costs. No material change in our expected sizing, which was between $10 billion and $12 billion of acquisition debt. But the form of that debt, the term and the tenor will all have an impact on estimated cost and we're not locked down on those yet.
George Davis: So on the accounts receivable outside of the Apple related $1 billion and the RF360 amounts, what you had was growth in receivables related to QCT, which was just a timing issue or payment relative to when shipments were made. And then on the QTL piece that is really just the timing of payments that are being made on some of the catch up payments where they're spread out over a short period of time just to allow customers to get caught up in addition to fully paying at their new run rate.
George Davis: Let me start with your first question which was - we did not contemplate the underpayment in the Q2 guidance. It’s one of the reasons why we made the point that actually if you factor that out it was a strong quarter for QTL, they were able to come in at expectation despite that, and you saw that in the strength of the market and also the strength in ASP's, they also worked hard to manage the cost. In terms of our guidance for Q3, again we’ve looked at a variety of scenarios, I’m not going to lay out every one of the scenarios, but the things that we thought could happen. We are anticipating in our guidance that we have not resolved the dispute with the one customer that made the underpayment in Q2, so that is factored into our guidance. And then there's a variety of scenarios for the Apple contract manufacturers and also just the normal range of uncertainties that we have when we give guidance.
Donald Rosenberg: This is Don. Just to add one or two things. So to be clear, the excuse that the contract manufacturers used was that Apple wasn't paying them and what Apple was saying was that they are holding back payment to them to match the payments that they claim we owed them from the other agreement to BCPA, no connection to the license agreement between us and our contract manufacturers. So with this totally improper for the contract manufacturers to withhold and we now look at what they're going to do going forward and we say well even we excuse that they used before that is Apple claiming that they were making up for amounts that we didn't pay them doesn't exist anymore. So there doesn't seem to be even an arguable rational reason for anybody to withhold payments.
Donald Rosenberg: This is Don. On the NXP question. So yes, we're pretty much moving as expected as Steve mentioned, we have past the HSR process in the U.S. We should be filing very shortly in Europe and we filed in China already that has not yet been doctored by China, but it's there. And we would anticipate filing in the other jurisdiction very quickly after we’ve completed filing in Europe. So we believe we’re still on track, and we're moving forward.
Donald Rosenberg: Stacy, this is Don. Maybe a couple of us who would want to respond to the first question, but yes, to start what you said, I understand it’s a figure of speech, let's be honest. We are being honest and what is a good thing to think about is I disagree with you that it's a foregone conclusion. As I said earlier, Apple's claimed in its case against us is that they would held the specific amount of money in payments to their contract manufacturers because they said it's an offset against money that they claim, we withheld from them improperly in another contract. While we disagree with that claim obviously, the rationale for that no longer applies. As Derek said earlier, that BCPA contract is expired. So they're no more moneys even arguably due from us to them and therefore no basis or rationale to continue withholding from the contract manufacturers. And as Derek also said the contract manufacturers have valid binding contracts with us and our expectation is that they will abide by those obligations and pay us the amount they owe us, which they reported for the quarter.
