Paul Jacobs: Thank you, Warren, and good afternoon, everyone. We are off to a solid start in fiscal 2014, and we are pleased to report record revenues this quarter driven by strong growth in both, QTC and QTL. Steve will provide more color on the businesses, but I did want to comment on the executive changes we recently announced. First, I am extreme pleased that Steve Mollenkopf will become our next Chief Executive Officer. He is an exceptional leader with a stellar track record over his 20 years at QUALCOMM. Throughout his tenure, he has played a critical role in developing a number of new technologies and strengthen our relationships with our industry partners. This change will ensure management continuity, will allow me to work on new technologies and help set the future direction for the company as Executive Chairman of the Board. I look forward to continuing to work closely with Steve and the rest of management team. Secondly, I wanted to thank our employees, customers and suppliers for their support over my tenure as CEO. We have seen tremendous change over the last almost nine years, I began my services CEO, we were predominantly known as the CDMA2000 Company. Fast-forward to today and we have developed a broadly license and diversified portfolio of technologies not only from an air interface perspective, but also in many other mobile technologies such as computing and connectivity, with an industry-leading approach of integrating these core technologies that define the mobile experience. Looking back, we had a vision for what a smartphone could be and we worked together with our partners to bring this vision to reality. Really dates back to the early 90s, when we had the idea to put the Internet protocols in to CDMA. We really knew that data will unlock tremendous opportunities for mobile devices. We were the first to put GPS in phones. We developed the first Palm OS based smartphone. We were pioneers in the mobile apps space with our Brew Appstore and we continue to lead with innovation such as first gigahertz smartphone processor and obviously more recently advanced multimedia technologies such as Ultra HD video capture and playback. Looking forward, opportunities are vast. We work with our partners to help them expand their data capacity by up to 1,000 fold with solutions such as our small cells and other innovations such as LTE in unlicensed spectrum. We are helping to drive adoption of mobile technologies into several exciting new categories including automotive, healthcare and the connected home through our industry leading mobile computing connectivity offerings. And the AllSeen Alliance was recently formed to drive interoperability for the Internet of everything which is based on the use of the AllJoyn software framework. Now this industry leadership and vision has translated into strong business performance with revenues more than quadrupling and EPS more than tripling since Fiscal 2005. In addition, we have returned over $25 billion in capital to stockholders during this timeframe and recently announced our intent to return 75% of free cash flow to stockholders. We expect that we will more than double the amount returned to stockholders over the next five years as compared to the last five years. So we continue to be extremely excited about the future, but still in the early rounds of global smartphone adoption, we are in the early rounds of the transition to mobile computing and then we have this broad connection of the Internet of everything. So we have the right technologies and more importantly we have the team to execute on these opportunities ahead. So we are pleased with the start fiscal 2014 and I look forward to continue to work with our team to drive growth in the years ahead. Thank you and I will now turn the call over to Steven Mollenkopf.
Paul Jacobs: Thanks a lot. I certainly hope we don't see anything like that, for Steve is starting his tenure. It was, I think, a lot of people decided that was time to test our management team and it wasn't the most fun thing to go through but it was good to get it behind us and also the to see with all the stuff that's going on in the world in terms of litigation that we are no not in the middle of a lot of that stuff. We are actually partners with a lot of those companies that we had battles with in the old days. So its nice to see that change. But thanks for saying that.
Paul Jacobs: …I am going to look at in the future and obviously there is a whole set of projects that we have favorite continue to invest in that area as has been our practice and so on the familiar look at the images and obviously visible set of projects that we have going on right now - think it will be nice to spend a little bit more time hands-on with those projects and hopefully it can help accelerate some of the those coming to market. Then sort of farther out stuff that we haven't talked a lot about yet and everybody is talking about 5G already, I think we have some good ideas for what 5G should be and the kinds of things that it should do in addition to just being faster and more spectrum and more bandwidth and those things, so I got some good projects ahead of me.
Paul Jacobs: So on the first-half, second-half, again all I can say is, and we spent some time on this in the original guidance, the year does look a little bit different than the historical pattern with more of the earnings coming in the second half. We still believe that is the case and also you get a slightly higher revenue rate in the second half of the year. So I think in terms of any specific quarter, it is too early to comment beyond our second-quarter guidance but that's why when we raised our guidance, it really was more just to reflect the outperformance in Q1 than a fundamental change in first-half and second-half.
Paul Jacobs: Sure. Let me start off with the size of the market and the outlook for '14. I try to leave the message that, if anything, we have a bias to the upside in these numbers and I think sometimes in the year-over-year comparison when you see the U.S. coming in a little bit softer than people may have expected, it's easy to lose the track of the very high growth rates, certainly well above 15%, 20% type growth rates in emerging markets. You are also seeing actually developed markets maintain overall their growth rates similar to what we saw '12 to '13, because you are seeing, on a year-over-year comparison, more strength in both Europe and Japan and while the rates may not be comparable to emerging market growth rates there, on a year-over-year basis, they contribute to our outlook. So in the upside, we would assign to how the LTE deployment in China plays out.
Paul Jacobs: Mark, thanks. I will start with your last question first and then I will get to the QCT ASP. On investment income. It's one of the things, actually the performance in the portfolio that we cited as part of adder to the outperformance in the first quarter. As we have been accelerating return of capital, we have a portfolio that has a broad range of risk and so we are starting to take that risk level down as we draw down more cash for repurchase, so you are seeing some gains embedded in the quarter associated with that. Again, maybe I would say above trend maybe, $0.02, $0.03 from that. I wouldn't count on that every quarter, that's really more a function of just making sure that we keep the risk level and the portfolio in the right place. For QCT, really what you are seeing is a little bit of a reversal of what you saw in Q1 which is that the mix particularly thin modems will not be quite as higher percent that gives a natural lift to the ASP.
Paul Jacobs: I think we are going to do better and better in the computing space and I agree that it's been not as successful as we had hoped in the past in terms of attach rates. I think the operators are getting better at that. We are also building other technologies, obviously, LTE and their license bands do, I think, a lot, some of the small cell stuff should do a lot there. But the other part is just mobile as an enabling technology into other areas. You can see the beginnings of things, automotive space. Yes, those numbers are relatively small, but people talk about Internet of everything as only low value, low margin devices and I think there is going to be a tiering of different kinds of devices. So there will be high value segments in the Internet of everything. There will be also the very cheap ones, but then we are talking about high volumes also. So there is some kind of decent growth there. Then you look out and there is a bunch of areas where we can do things that are just adjacent to the phone, additional content in the phone. Obviously to this point, this play of investments have been not as quick to come to fruition as we had hoped, although I think the wearable spaces is a really interesting part, but also connected home spaces is quite interesting. So lot of opportunity for that going forward. We have some other display technologies as well that are getting a lot of traction with the Pixtronix technology which is more applicable to larger displays, and you know that's a nice licensing business. We have got a bunch of other things in the hopper. The vehicle charging and we are looking at working with partners on that in terms of a larger play there as well. So there is a broad range of technologies out there that we are working on that will drive, I think, a reasonable amount of growth going forward.
Paul Jacobs: I just wanted to say thanks again to everybody for all the support over the years and it's been a great run as CEO, I think both, measured by the financial metrics and also by sort of the way we expanded the business and the way the company operates and it's really not one person that does that. That's our employees, our partners, all my colleagues here have done just an amazing job over the years and I am looking forward to Steve take the reigns as CEO and drive the company forward. I am very, very excited by the future. It's going to be very fun to see how we have this expanding impact of mobile and I am saying that given the background of how much it has already impacted all of our lives, so it's going to be great to be able to refocus my energy on innovation. I don't think I am going to be presenting at any future earnings calls, but if you guys want I may show up for Q&As and I hope to see you guys, or some of you at least, at Mobile World Congress, so thanks everybody.
Derek Aberle: Tim, this is Derek. On the rate question, I think again we have kind of gone through a numbers of times all the factors that move this thing around. This quarter, it's sort of a combination and probably for the few things you know TRDS obviously was up again another record, so again we get a little bit of a drag based on the fixed elements of the revenue. Also, you know, I think just given sort of the product launches there were some discounting going on during this quarter that impacted the deductions that our licensees take and so that has also an impact as I explained in New York a couple of months ago. Then a little bit of OEM mix again, so a number things bounce around. I do think based on the visibility we have into next quarter that the rate should improve some into next quarter and we still believe kind of the range that we gave for the year is still where we think we are going to end up in and that was I think 31 to 33. On China, really I think not much of a change from again what we went through in New York. Again, we are very active. We are continuing to negotiate agreements on single mode OFDM in China and we added some additional licensees to the mix here over the last quarter. We got a number of other discussions ongoing and expect some other agreements to get signed here hopefully in the next couple of months, so I think we are just continuing to do the work that we started several years ago to make sure we are in a position to collect and still feel comfortable that that will be the case.
Derek Aberle: Brian, this is Derek. Let me answer your first question. Obviously we look at the market as a whole which we break up in developed and emerging regions. Yet while it's true that there is a fair amount of maturation of smartphone adoption in the developed regions, we do still think that there's a lot of things coming that will drive replacement cycles there and then bring the last bit of the tail over, but then when you look at emerging regions, there are still a huge runway for growth there, so I think when we look at it in totality, although the areas where we probably spend most of our time seems like the smartphone space is well penetrated there is still a huge opportunity for us in the emerging regions.
Derek Aberle: Simona, this is Derek. Why don't I start and if George wants to jump in and add something he can. As you know, we at this stage, we get a fair amount of visibility in from our licensees typically before we provide guidance, so we do have a reasonable amount of confidence in the guide that we have provided for the December quarter sales. I think it is again a blending, we are seeing a lot of strength in the emerging regions, continue see strength in places like China. Although there was little softness, I think in the in the U.S., some of the other developed regions, it continue to do well such as Europe and I think we are probably going to see a little stronger tablet uptake as well and there are evidence of that coming out of some of the statements Verizon and AT&T made this last week.
Derek Aberle: Hi, this is Derek. Let me answer your first question. We have talked a lot about some of the challenges we have had with collecting on TD-SCDMA in China and the things that we have been doing to either push things like five mode, so that there is WCDMA in the device or also the move to LTE should be a good one for us. So our 3G deals would cover anything that you called a five mode and in fact in many cases would cover the phones that are three mode. So absent the challenges we have had around TD-SCDMA, we wouldn't really have a need to negotiate new deals on those but like I said, we are signing a number of companies to the LTE licenses and so as we talked about we do expect the rate on what we call the single mode LTE device to be lower than 3G. Although I spent some time going through that in New York, if you recall, in terms of trying to explain the delta between the 3G and 4G royalty picture as a whole based on the companies that were signed up so far, so maybe you can go back and think about that. I can't really specifically comment on any particular licensee or any particular agreement and obviously we are going to have to see how the market develops in terms of the three-mode versus five-mode adoption and who are the suppliers that get share moving forward.
Derek Aberle: Stacy, this is Derek. I think that part of this might be a little bit of timing in terms of the chip shipments versus one of the devices actually gets sold into the market and reported to us, but we do see some strength in the emerging regions really driving the Q4 results as well. The ASP I think as we said last quarter, we expected this to be kind of in line in the calendar Q4 quarter versus Q3 and that's what we are expecting. We do expect the back half of the year, which is consistent I think with what we have seen in the last three years to be stronger from an ASP perspective just given the timing of some of the iconic product launches we expect to see here shortly.
Derek Aberle: Rod, this is Derek. Little bit of a hard to answer, but let me give it a shot. We have signed more 50, I think it's more than 55 companies now to LTE licenses in China, but actually I think large part of the volume initially here will be stuff that is actually covered by our 3G deal. Certainly the volumes that go to China Telecom, China Unicom, the five mode volumes at China Mobile and then also, as Steve mentioned, the international volumes that will be coming in to China likely will be of the same flavor. So its going to depend, like I said, we are continuing to be in discussions and find additional companies as we speak. So again, I think, we are on track to doing the things we needed to do. Without knowing exactly who is going to have what share and how this is all going to play out, I can't really give you any more granularity than that.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek. I don't think it really changes the competitive dynamic for QTL for our business. I think, we have obviously been very successful in establishing the value for our own portfolio in the marketplace and the fact that other companies may decide to come in and become more active doesn't really impact our value proposition, per se. Both Ericsson and Nokia have had active licensing programs for many years. The way that they have positioned and valued their patents won't simply change based on whether they have an active business. Now it might change any individual deal based on the relative exposure but again they have been active and I don't think there will be a major disruption or impact in the industry as a results of it.
Steven Mollenkopf: Mike, this is Steve. With respect to the Op margin, if I look at the year, particularly as the year, first-half, second-half, its unfolding basically the way that we thought it would. I think Q1 was pretty strong and I think particularly strong actually in the emerging markets which we were pleased to see. So I think we are still confident in our outlook in terms of that Op margin guidance that we gave in November. Just pleased to have a good quarter in the book in order to head our direction. As you know there's always some seasonality in this quarter. I don't think we are seeing anything more than that really in what you are seeing in the outlook.
Steven Mollenkopf: Brian, this is Steve. On LTE, yes, I think what we have seen a lot of folks are, obviously, working on LTE. We are continuing to see strong design-in activity and I think what's happening we had an early lead we are driving it across tiers. At the same time, the feature set is turning over, and one of the things that has been important for us, we since day one of our LTE solution we have had the TDD mode in there. That's been, I think, exceedingly important in terms of being able to grow our business into China, which is a good thing, but also what we are seeing in China the effect where people want to use the LTE solution that, number one, has maturity and feature leadership, but also gives them the ability to deliver a product outside of China and to become a global smartphone OEM and not just a regional smartphone OEM, so I think we are continuing to stay ahead of people in terms of technology and certainly maturity and scale, but the things that we bring seem to also be more important as well, so we hope that continues. We are going to continue to invest in that area as it has been our practice.
Steven Mollenkopf: This is Steve. On the China Mobile forecast for devices. My guess is if I remember correctly, that was a calendar year number. It is difficult for me to comment on the numbers but I will say that the intensity with the industry is getting prepared for the launch of LTE is quite high. If you look at our designing intensity and you look at the preparations that we are going through with carriers, it is consistent with the big launch of that scale. Now it's always difficult, as we have said before, to pick when those things happen and the start of a new launch is always difficult to pick, particularly as early as it is but we expect that to be a big, pretty significant launch when it occurs and we are going to be prepared for it.
Steven Mollenkopf: This is Steve, so just one follow-up on that question by the way. I think what you are going to see in China Mobile, because it's so big and because the launch is likely to happen across tiers, you are going to get a lot of attraction from international OEMs using their LTE expertise worldwide to exploit that technology change. At the same time, I think you are going to see domestic OEMs looking to leverage their strength in China to the international OEMs. Both of those trends, we think, are positive to our core businesses, which I think is important. With respect your high or to the number about the thin modems, I don't think is really a trend. I would say the vast majority of our chipsets are actually shipped as integrated and that's really what most people do in the industry. What you are probably seeing is just sort of concentration of some of the OEMs that used in modems and how that might be associated with particular phone launches in the timing of those phone launches through the year as opposed to a trend.
Steven Mollenkopf: Stacy, this is Steve. Regarding the QRD, we have had another good quarter for our emerging accounts. I would probably categorize that group of accounts. A lot of them use the QRD, but this is really a new channel that we had to develop over the years and with strong quarter for them in the December quarter and we expect that to continue to be a good channel for us moving forward, something we can we can also use our LTE leadership into as well, so we are pleased to be able to see the upside there.
George Davis: Sure. This is George. Let me start off with the FX impact. We had a modestly positive impact in the in the first quarter. As you know, really most of our exposure comes from our licensing business and we have hedging programs in place to help us with that. We expect that the full year again to be modestly positive after our hedging programs but FX has not been a major impact for us over the last couple of years. In terms of the second quarter and the full year, really actually the year is pretty much playing out in line with our expectations. A little bit more positive in the first quarter but we are seeing a little more softness in the second quarter. Net net, the first half looks about as we said in the second half that really were not calling for anything other than the same environment that we expected going into the year. We have said that we think that whether you are looking at devices or you are looking at potential sales around the world, China LTE looks like an area where there may be, depending on the timing, there might be some benefit, more benefit the hits our fiscal year which as you know closes out a quarter before of the calendar year.
George Davis: On the MSM front, I think what we are seeing and it's one of the reasons why we didn't update the number for MSMs for the full year. We think there were some of the benefit that we saw on Q1 were MSM that were being pulled in, so maybe a little bit of a timing issue between Q2 and Q1, but again overall the first half of the year looks very much like we thought it would and second-half the same, so probably not a lot of news in those numbers.
George Davis: One the 1,000x, obviously I don't want to announce other people's products, we are supporting the technology. We have obviously done a number of our own trials based of our own products but the traction with the customer base is good and so I feel confident that's continuing to move along and there's obviously a lot of dynamics in the operator market between operators who have a lot of spectrum, operators who have fixed network capabilities and so there are certain ones who will be, I would say, more the leaders and that we are focused on the driving opportunity with those people but it would be done through customers of ours who will deliver the product.
George Davis: Mark, just to answer your questions on the capital structure and return of capital. So what we have said is that we expect to grow double digit topline and bottomline over the next five years and really largely driven by the core businesses that we see today and with that we expect strong cash flow to continue. We are going to grow the dividend rate ahead of earnings is what we have committed to. We are going to return 75% of global free cash flow and so then you will see a large, what isn't going through dividends will obviously go for share repurchase, and as Steve mentioned in the script, we expect to more than double the return over the next five years from what we have returned in the past five years.
