Derek Aberle: Sure Mike. Yeah, it’s a little bit hard. We have a pretty wide range on the units, because of the uncertainty of the timing of the resolution, and they are all kind of different in kind. But the licensee dispute is a meaningful contributor to that number during this timeframe, and of course, if that particular licensee were to gain more share or lose share, that can impact the estimate that we have at this time. But they are all meaningful contributors to the numbers that we put out for the year.
Derek Aberle: Sure Tim, this is Derek. Yeah again, there are kind of multiple factors here, so let me try to break them down. On the dispute, I think that's something that we have had -- we have had several of these in the past, as you know, over the years, and our typical process is to try to engage with the licensee and see if we can resolve it through negotiation, which we usually are pretty successful at. And when that doesn't work, things need to take a different course, and even in that route, we have, I think, had a history of pretty successful results there. On the other OEM; so it's really a mixed bag. In the white box or the lower end tablet space, it's really a set of -- kind of a new set of suppliers, that at least today are I think primarily focused in China, and then maybe some of the other emerging regions. And much like the mid to smaller sized companies in China in the past, we have had a lot of success in getting those companies to sign licenses over time. It's really just a timing question, I think, in my mind, because we are kind of at the outset of this growth in a new segment and its new supplier, so it's going to take some time to get those licenses in place. The same is really true for the three mode volume. I think its, from our perspective, more of a timing question, in terms of getting the remaining licenses in place. And then around the underreporting, it is -- again, we are at the pretty early stages of trying to confirm sort of the extent of this, and engage directly with the OEMs in China. But our typical process is, we will uncover something and then we will work with the licensee through the compliance and also an audit process which takes some time, to try to get, what we believe, is a compliance situation. And when that doesn't work, obviously, we have different mechanisms we can pursue under the agreements themselves. So I think, you know again, I think we have a number of avenues available to us, which have proven successful in the past, and we just have, with a little bit of more uncertainty right now in China, we have a period where we need to push these things and its going to take a little time. In terms of things spreading, I am actually -- my sense is that the units that are supplied even into the local brands in India, are really supplied primarily today out of China, and so it would be sort of the similar set of suppliers as we have discussions with for supply in China and the other emerging regions. Its not a -- in other words, it's not a new set of suppliers cropping up in India, that aren't supplied elsewhere from the licensee base.
Derek Aberle: Approximately, that's the midpoint of the range that we gave. Brian, from a TRDS standpoint though, the range is more like 6% to 9%, so it's about half the percentage effect that the units would imply.
Derek Aberle: I mean these are lower -- yeah, these are lower priced devices that we believe are kind of in this bucket, generally.
Derek Aberle: Okay. Kulbinder, this is Derek. Let me try to break that down a little bit. So first of all, the 215 million is the midpoint of, as I said, a relatively wide range, and the reason we gave a relatively wide range is just because of the number of factors involved and the uncertainty around the timing of each one of those potential resolutions. The dispute that we have with the licensee, as I said, is a significant contributor to these units. If not all of their units, we have a dispute around some of them, and frankly, I don't think it’s a question of whether they are going to end up paying royalties, it's just a question of the timing of trying to resolve it, and what that resolution will look like. On the white box tablets, we have been monitoring that, and we have been in discussions with a number of those companies. Frankly, just the acceleration of the growth that we expect to see over this period is faster now than we expected a few months ago, or even before that. And that is a contributor, but I am not going to suggest if that's the largest contributor of the units, it's just a piece of it. On the underreporting, again, if you think back to calendar 2013 as we have been monitoring this, and I know you have asked questions about this periodically. You know, we have been really on top of the compliance aspects in China. And really, the first time we are really seeing a meaningful impact of this is in the current quarter that we are reporting, and it's really a relatively recent phenomena. And part of it is really just trying to understand where this will go in terms of a trend, and we have provided a relatively wide range on that for that reason. Again, the typical process is, when we notice things that look suspicious, we will engage with the licensees quickly, and then usually move to an audit process, which takes some time to get the data and then work through the issues. But once we get through that process, we are able to typically get a resolution. So again, I think there is just a number of factors that came together at the same time. Obviously, we are also seeing a ramp in the LTE volumes, from China Mobile, which is a good market phenomena. But given some of the uncertainty there right now and the discussions around the LTE licenses, although they have been ongoing and we have been progressing and increasing the numbers, has been a little slower than we had anticipated. So it's taking longer now to get to some of these agreements. And so we believe we will get there, it's just a question of timing, and it's uncertain in terms of when that will be.
Derek Aberle: Yeah, its really hard for us to pinpoint a -- or give a range even for the percentage of the units that will be supplied over the calendar year, where we are giving these projections from the licensee base, that are currently licensed for LTE. There are significant companies in the group of companies that have signed licenses for three mode devices in LTE generally. But there are a number of other meaningful suppliers in China that haven't yet signed up, which is why you are seeing the impact -- and those negotiations are continuing, and I suspect will get concluded, its just a question of when they will be concluded.
Derek Aberle: Okay, a little hard to -- hopefully I got all of them scribbled down there. So Ehud, I think -- on the NDRC, I think we have made a pretty robust -- not a pretty robust, a very robust disclosure in our 10-Q, in terms of the range of potential outcomes that could come out of a decision of the NDRC. And so, at this point, we are continuing to fully cooperate, as I said, and try to work through this, but we can't comment specifically on what any particular outcome may be from that proceeding. In parallel, we are in negotiations with a number of licensees as is typical for the business, and there is a little bit -- I would say, a little bit of a more complication and a little bit slower pace of those negotiations, given the backdrop of the investigation, which is having some amount of impact. As to the units, kind of inside versus outside China; the 215 million midpoint or the overall range, would not necessarily be limited to sales, in fact, likely is not limited to sales just for China. Number of these suppliers, as you know, supply worldwide. And so really it’s a phenomena that's right now we believe unique to Chinese OEMs. And as to the ones that are -- that we believe are underreporting, its not a question of companies that have stopped paying or reporting entirely, I think its just -- as we look at the market data that's available to us, which is a very extensive process we have, we now believe that there is a gap between what we expect it to be reported to us, and what actually was reported to us in the third quarter and what we expect for the fourth quarter and for the remainder of the calendar year, unless and until we an get resolution on some of these issues. So its really companies that are under agreement and the typical process I outlined before is to go through sort of the compliance discussion, which has started already, and then from there, if its not resolved, we move to audit, and if ultimately that's unsuccessful, we have other mechanisms to pursue it under the contracts themselves that they have signed.
Derek Aberle: Sure James, this is Derek. I mean, it's clear to us that the investigation, among other things is creating an increased level of uncertainty I think with the licensee base in China right now. I guess the way I would answer that is, we believe the investigation will be resolved at some point. We are working hard to try to see that through, and once that is resolved, I do believe some of the challenges we have had in the near term, will become easier.
Derek Aberle: Stacy, this is Derek. Yeah so on the 215 million midpoint, again, from the TRDS impact, you will see significantly less than that. The reason I try to kind of break it down into four different buckets, is because of the underreporting bucket that you mentioned, that we believe is going on right now, is broader than just LTE, would include 3G volumes as well, and so that's -- when we look at the market, in terms of both China and devices flowing outside of China to other parts of the world, that's encompassing the broader technology set than just 4G. On the NDRC, really I don't think I can say much more than I said in response to a prior question. Other than, yes, we did change the disclosure to indicate that -- we believed some loss would be probable. But given the many factors that are involved there, we are really not in a position to be able to estimate what that might look like, we just believe whatever the resolution may be, will likely include some form of payment.
Derek Aberle: So this is Derek, I will take the first one. It is pretty difficult to determine timing on the NDRC resolution. As I have said in the past, we are -- this is obviously a large priority for the company to resolve it, and we are cooperating and actively engaged with the NDRC to try to get to resolve this as expeditiously as possible.
Derek Aberle: Tim, this is Derek. Again, the 215 million is the midpoint of a relatively wide range of units, and a number of different assumptions in terms of potential outcomes are baked into sort of the high end versus the low end of that. And so it's really hard to break down the bucketing of that. As I said, I think, probably the smallest contributor in this timeframe would be the tablet space, which shouldn't be surprising, and kind of the other three are all pretty meaningful contributors.
Derek Aberle: Tal, this is Derek. On the ASP for the quarter, I think really the primary driver was the fact that we got -- we had less volume in than we expected at the lower tier devices in China, that's really the primary driver. On your second question, really the underreporting, it's not an issue of kind of a new technology issue as you described it -- meaning, licensees taking a position that they don't owe royalties on a particular product or technology under their agreement. We really think it is just a -- as we dig into this we are going to -- we believe we will find that they are only reporting something less than 100% of their sales, and hoping they are going to be able to get away with it. Again, we have always been very clear that, you know, the effort involved in making sure we collect on everything in China is significant, and we have a lot of resource in that, and we triangulate a lot of different information at -- we get from MediaTek as one element, and certainly, having less information makes things a little more difficult than having more information. But that, we don't believe is the primary sort of indicator for what's going on here.
Derek Aberle: I am not sure -- again, I think the way that we have been handling China is very similar to the way that we have addressed our licensing program worldwide, very consistent. You're right that -- I would say the typical resolution of these things, when there is a period of uncertainty in a period of time where amounts are not being paid to us, that we believe are recoverable. That resolution usually carries with it, some kind of recovery for past, and I have no reason to believe, that would also be the case with the items that we have outlined. Again, we look at the compliance activity very carefully, and that's a meaningful part of the program and has been for several years, the number of audits that we do has increased pretty much every year. But we do have, I mean -- I think we do have a reasonable amount of resource and we have that in the plan, I don't see like a significant increase in OpEx that would be needed to address the issues. Again, our best assessment is, that these are near term challenges that given a period of uncertainty we have, may take some time to resolve, but will get resolved, and we will just have to see how this plays out, as we move forward.
Derek Aberle: Rod, hey this is Derek. Let me try to take the first two, and then Steve can cover the last one. So again, we have sort of two things; we do have the NDRC investigation ongoing, and as we have said, we are actively engaged with them, to try to find a resolution. We don't know exactly what the impact or the resolution will look like, both looking backwards or looking forward; we are just continuing to try to -- just try to work that one and get to a resolution. Beyond that, we don't anticipate that there will be sort of a need or a movement to collective negotiation with companies in China. That has not been the practice that we followed successfully over the last many number of years. And that continues to be the way that we were operating. We are basically in discussions with individual companies, which every company has different needs, different business models, etcetera. And so collective deal really isn't typically appropriate in any event. So I expect going forward, we will continue to negotiate like we have in the past, individually, with the various companies, and that won't be a change. On the chip side, I am not sure I fully understood your question, but let me try to answer it as best I can. Certainly, if you look at the magnitude of the number of units that we have kind of in this range, there are -- we do expect that there will be products in that mix, that aren't reported to us for a period of time, that could include our chipsets. Our typical practice, when that has happened in the past, is to engage with the licensee and try to work it out and find a resolution and pursue payment under the license, without an impact on the chip side. And that's what we would plan to do here as well.
Derek Aberle: So I think straining my memory a little bit, but let me try. Going back several years ago, we did talk about at one point in time, we had basically five WCDMA licenses that had to get extended before that time frame that you mentioned, 2017-2018. And then we kind of knocked all of those off some time ago. We haven't really updated that or given color, as to whether there are other agreements that need to be extended beyond that. So that's a little bit of a dated number, and I don't think we are prepared to update that today.
Steve Mollenkopf: James, this is Steve. With regards to your question about chips; it has been an area of strength for us, actually shipping chips into the Chinese customer base. Not all of those, by the way, are being sold in China as well, we have had actually some strength in the 3G portfolio over the last quarter for devices, head into Latin America and rest of the world. So I think its in general, been a very strong picture, and I would say we feel very good about where we sit competitively, and I think if you look at the guide, its consistent with that view.
Steve Mollenkopf: And Brian, on your question about the substrates and different technologies that we are going to -- there were a couple of things I think, one is, its clearly been an advantage to have the scale that we have and to have that scale across multiple foundries that's helped us with supplies, its helped us with pricing, it has helped us with a number of items. And then I think probably the most important thing is from the design perspective, your ability to go to advanced node and to integrate a number of different technologies on to the same die and increasingly, those technologies are F technologies, that has been a competitive advantage for us, and we think its going to continue to be in a competitive advantage moving forward. So we continue to push that -- that's one of the things that I mentioned in my script, that we were pleased that we are able to even execute on that strategy, while cutting back on the OpEx as well. So its -- we feel like we are pretty positioned well from a product perspective.
Steve Mollenkopf: And on the second question, I think this last quarter, we really benefited from our diversified customer base and our strength across tiers, and that continues to be something that we think will be a good part of the business. What we are seeing in China, and I think most people probably don't realize all the time, is that it is very much a multi-tiered market, and we are seeing strength across the tiers. And what's really interesting is that, you're seeing a lot of the OEMs in China going international as well, and that's -- I think that's helping us on the chipset business as well. One other thing that I wanted to mentioned and it was in my script, is that we will be focusing more and more of our chipset roadmap and energy on increasing the pace in which we refresh that roadmap and I think that will benefit us as well moving forward, in the customer base.
Steve Mollenkopf: Rod, this is Steve. There have been reports about the level of subsidy changing in China. I don't know to a degree that we are seeing that reflected in the demand. I mean, if you look at the raw number of dollars that are actually authorized, its quite a number. And I would say, I would characterize our demand across tiers to be fairly robust. So I am not sure we are seeing a downstream impact of that concern.
George Davis: Hey Brian, this is George, I will take a shot at your -- the sizing issue. I think your basic math is in general, right. The way I would look at it, in terms of -- these are lower price devices on average, less than 50% of the average for the overall ASP for the company that we report. And I think -- one of the things you can do is, this is a very strong year relative to our expectations, on the QCT side for the year. Now we talked last quarter about there being a bit of a lag, just because of the timing of the ramp in QCT that QTL wouldn't fully participate this year, all things being equal, but it was really good momentum going into 2015. So I think if you look at the -- if you want to try and size the impact, I think you would have started to see this impact more fully realize in the third quarter, fourth calendar quarter, and if you look at what the year-over-year looks like there, we are down about 3% year-over-year on QCT this quarter, it widens out a little bit next quarter -- QTL, excuse me, not QCT. Obviously QCT was up significantly year-over-year. So I think you can size it. We would have expected and expect this result, that this will be a strong momentum for QTL as well.
George Davis: Tim, I am not sure I followed that. The operating profit percentage that was reported was at 23% for QCT, very strong, certainly above the expectations. We said we are going to exit the year above 20%. If you put all those together and look at our 18% to 20% range for the year, we are clearly at the high end of that. And I think that's fully -- in keeping with our outlook for the year, and benefiting a little bit more from the upside in MSM units.
George Davis: Maybe I will jump on the P&L items first, and the implied royalty rate. So I think we are looking at different numbers. The reported number would be 3.1%, which was right on top of what we had guided. So if you have got some more questions, you should may be check with the IR team, they can go through the calculation. In terms of tax, what you saw is, actually last quarter, we reached a settlement which lowered out outlook for the tax rate for the year. We got an additional benefit this quarter as well from the effects of the reversal of the ParkerVision judgment and so that was a -- it didn't carry tax with it, so it had the overall effect of lowering our tax rate. And as we have been reporting, we are seeing higher investment income on gains in the portfolio, as we have started to implement higher return of capital, we have had a program to reduce some of the volatility in the higher risk assets that are in our long dated portfolio, just to keep our risk levels in line and so, that's led to gains; and the gains turned out to be a little bit higher than we thought in the quarter, because it has just been such a strong financial market. As we've sold those down, we have had greater benefit.
