William Keitel: Maynard, this is Bill. On the tablet question, we are considering whether we share more data on the market estimate and connected devices, specifically for a couple of weeks in New York. It's not currently in the presentation, but it is under consideration for inclusion. On the fiscal year operating margin, you are correct. We are expecting some decline after the first quarter. As Steve mentioned, we are looking at a channel inventory build here in the December quarter. Typically, that begins to run off into the March and June quarters, number one. And number two, Steve talked about some product transitions that we foresee here in the second half of the year. So we are expecting operating margins to decline a bit in the QCT business.
William Keitel: Mike, on mirasol, I think we've got some good information to share with everybody in a couple of weeks on how we see that business developing and unfolding. We had said at the outset of this year that we expected about $190 million operating loss in that business, and we did do a little bit better than that, kind of $15 million or so better this year. The operating loss within this guidance, we're projecting a higher loss for fiscal 2011, and we'll give some specifics on that in a couple of weeks. On the average ASP within QCT, as the year unfolds right now, we think we're in an -- developed market for us is developing one kind of add and the other one flows a bit as you progress. Right now, we think we are very much in an add-on in the developed market. The latter part of this year, we are expecting emerging market to do a bit better. So that would suggest a bit of a decline in average revenue per MSM.
William Keitel: Tim, this is Bill. On the channel inventory question, as you know, we are aware typically see a little more channel inventory building in this December quarter for the holiday season. And then you look back in past years, the work-off of that extra inventory is typically in the March quarter, but sometimes, it extends into the June quarter. We're trying to monitor this very closely this year. We are, as we said, a little suspect that there's a bit more inventory build than what we've seen in prior years, and it's just around new devices, new OEMs and a lot of excitement around the whole smartphone market. So we're going to continue to monitor this here over the next couple of weeks, and when we're in New York, we'll share with you our best view of it, as of that point in time as to just how much of an increase is it, and do we think it's a March unwind or a March and June quarter unwind.
William Keitel: Mark, it's Bill. On your first point on the licensees, yes, last year we indicated that we thought there was approximately $200 million of revenues that we would not be recognizing, and that $200 million was -- the estimate as of the end of fiscal '10. We updated that during the year and indicated we're still in that range of approximately $200 million. The number, obviously, we haven't given you a specific for where it stands. Our estimate as of the end of fiscal '11, it is substantially larger. And we thought it best not to do so. The number is quite large, and we thought it was better just to put in a prudent estimate into our guidance, the high-end of our guidance for what we expect to be able to recognize and get paid for and get reported on by licensees here in this fiscal year. And as we reach resolution, we will update everybody on the specifics and give best clarity we can as to what will prior year impacts and what's the current year impact.
William Keitel: James, I'll take the first two. This is Bill. On the tablet market, yes, we do have an estimate in our forward guidance. Yes, we do have that in. And then how we think of tablets in terms of our cannibalization, I think the key point there is that we see tablets being sold with a higher rate of Wide Area Network connectivity, 3G connectivity than what we were seeing laptops go with that same capability. So we think as time goes on, tablets will substitute, to some degree, for a laptop. But on balance, the connectivity stays at an increment. It's clearly a positive for Qualcomm.
William Keitel: This is Bill. On the constitution from tablets, what we said was that on our presentation as it stands right now, in New York, but we are considering and we're having a good discussion on whether we would include a breakout estimate of connected devices. So it's under consideration, but we haven't decided that yet. It's a new developing market, a little harder to forecast because of that reason, but we are considering that. On the licensing dispute, I'll just recount I think what I think are the key points we made here. If you recall, we had said it was approximately $200 million as of the end of fiscal '10. That was due to loss and of course some licensee is paying. But we haven't recognized it. So revenues and earnings that we haven't recognized. And that number for fiscal '11 is substantially greater. And so the decision was rather than put forth it was a pretty large number. We thought it was better to just put in a very prudent estimate into our guidance of what we think will be ultimately recognizable in fiscal '11, and we did not include in that any prior year. So it would only be a prudent estimate of what is earned and what we think we will report to recognize in fiscal '11. From a timing standpoint, we'll put that in the second half of the year, but that's what we've got right now. On the mirasol side, the 2010 operating loss was approximately $180 million. We do have on a percentage basis I would say it's a fairly substantial increase year-over-year. Operating loss I think, as you know, we're pretty optimistic about the potential here we've got, and we'll get into some more specifics on that on what's in the guidance and where we stand on that business in a couple of weeks when we see in New York.
William Keitel: Then on the tablet question, again what we're looking to do is on a specific set of device categories, what we really want to help drive a higher penetration of 3G put in place on specifically tailored caps. And as I said, they are lower than sort of the traditional caps that apply generally or broadly across the licensing program, but at this point, we're not really going to get any more detail as to exactly how they're calculated or what they are.
Derek Aberle: Brian, this Derek. Let me address your first question. We have had generally, across our licensing program, a capping program for some time. Now, what we're rolling out I think in a little more breadth is some specific caps to specific devices. And I think as for those, the expectation is that they will be below the caps that would apply generally to the broader set of the handset devices.
Derek Aberle: Let me take the second half of that. As you know, the royalties that are generated are paid in arrears, so we do expect some volume of LTE 3G multi-mode devices in the fiscal year, although given the QTL fiscal year to be less than what you would expect in a full calendar year. The licensing structure we have in place, as you know, already applies to multimode 3G LTE devices so that the royalties will continue to get paid on those devices without the need for us to go out and sign new agreements. I think we do expect, to some extent, upward movement on the ASP front of these devices, given that the introduction of products with new technologies tend to start out at a little higher price point and work its way down, so it could be a positive contribution to ASP.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek. Let me take the first one. So basically, yes, there is a sequential decline in the implied rate. As Bill mentioned, the devices that are coming through a total reported device sales are coming throughout at a full ASP. And to the extent that as a royalty cap in place, that means the royalty will actually get paid on something less than that complete selling price, so that does have a downward effect on the implied rate that you would calculate based on the information that we provide. And as typical, some of the revenue outside of the subscriber base tend to be a bit lumpy. Audit recovers were a bit down this quarter as well. That was contributed to the quarter-over-quarter change.
Derek Aberle: Just to be clear, the number that's in the high-end of our guidance does not include the amount from prior periods.
Derek Aberle: At this point, we don't really see that cannibalizing the dongle space either. Let me just comment on TD-SCDMA. I think its a similar story, I think, as we've said in the past, we've got a large number of companies that are licensed for TD-SCDMA where we're collecting royalties from those licensees on nice segment of the devices being sold in China. However, we still got some work to do and we're continuing to engage in discussions and try to enter into agreements with the remaining companies that are supplying in China that are not yet licensed. And I think we'll be in a position to put a little more color on that in a couple of weeks in New York.
Steven Mollenkopf: Brian, this is Steve. On your smartphone mix question, I think what you're saying is in the first quarter, certainly in the quarter that we gave guidance on, we continued to see very strong shipments of smartphones and probably, as I mentioned in my script, a little bit more than we even thought a couple of quarters ago. In the second half of the year, what we anticipate happening is that this shift will be probably a little bit more to the developing market, which would kind of pull that down a little bit in terms of the type of device that we ship. It's more of a statement I think about how I think strong it is at the moment versus kind of what's happening in the second half. Although in the second half, as Bill said, it kind of goes back and fourth between developed markets versus emerging markets. We saw that happen this year as well. In terms of dual core, dual core, we have today over 10 different companies designing tablets on our dual core solutions. So we feel very good about where they're going. And then also in the handset space, you'll see that as well. That mix will start to happen through the year. The tablets space at this point, it's difficult to say how big that space is going to be. I've seen a lot of different estimates on that, and it will be interesting to see what happens. As we've probably talked before, we see that developed world being one type of market. In the developing world, I think you'll tend to see a number of different types of devices go in there, mainly because there is no laptop market for them to have to displace, and we've already seen that with some of our product today. You've seen products going into India based off of smartphone chips. So there'll be a little bit of a mix there. In all cases, I think we're still trying to figure out how big that market is and how it will develop throughout the year.
Steven Mollenkopf: This is Steve, I'll handle the first part of that. I think you'll see, consistent with what we've said before, you'll see first products launch on our chipset here in this quarter that we're in today. I think you'll see a big push on more handset and other connected products, probably around the timing of CES, and those will start to come in at the high-end of the portfolio next year and certainly built. We are addressing that really in three different ways. The first product is the MDM9600, which is the one I mentioned on the script and that's going into production in customer's devices here this quarter. And we will augment that with both our single core and dual core chipsets through next year and then follow that up with our integrated 28-nanometer device that we've talked about. So it's a portfolio of products that will develop through next year according to that transition progression.
Steven Mollenkopf: I think what you're seeing is more of a -- or at least at we've modeled is more of a shift within the integrated portfolio as opposed to a change in architecture. As I mentioned in the script, we're seeing very strong traction with our integrated solution, I think more of what is likely to happen. And again, this is a difficult thing to model. You're predicting mix and inventory levels out two or three quarters, which I think history is sometimes difficult to do. But our current plan assumes that shift tends to be more toward the mass market smartphone, which is a different type of product than I think we're selling right now in a lot of the developed market. It's I think a good trend for the business because that also tends to pull 2G subscribers over to 3G. And I mentioned how in the China market, for example, we're getting a lot of design traction on what I would consider to be mass-market smartphones. I think more of the growth of that market segment is occurring versus any change in architecture.
Steven Mollenkopf: In terms of the AP tax rate that is growing we talked about in June that we had a 50% or nearly 50% sequential growth in our 7K and 8K units. We just reported 32% sequential from June to September. And then looking forward, we expect to see solid double-digit percentage gain on a sequential basis into Q1. So we think that, that business is going quite well or that business segment is going quite well in terms of growing share. 4G, we think, is a positive catalyst for us as well on the ASP side as well as on the content side. As we've talked about before, a number of -- I think there are two things that differentiate us on the 4G side. One is our multimode capability, that ability to seamlessly handle or provide simultaneous services across the 3G and the 4G networks. And then also I think just our ability to execute what we saw through the quarter was a build in terms of demand for LTE chipsets, and I think that's probably a good data point for how we're able to deliver. In terms of connectivity, GPS is a big component of our solution today. It has been for a long time. It's something that has a very high attach rate with our solution across the feature phones as well as smartphones. We're now shipping Bluetooth in the tens of millions a year-type of quantity, and that has started to move into being an integrated solution in our smartphone roadmap. That will be followed by our Wireless LAN solution, and then we will integrate that as well. So if you look at our product portfolio, we started sampling stand-alone Bluetooth devices several years ago, and now we've migrated that into the MSM. We're a little bit delayed relative to the Bluetooth schedule, but same strategy is playing out on wireless LAN. So it's a standalone product today will be integrated here in the future and you'll hear more announcements about that in the future.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure. On both of those, I don't think we've provided that type of guidance in the past. I would say that in terms of the percentage gain, it's a significant amount that I think the growth in percentage is actually meaningful as opposed to a law of small numbers type of issue. But of course, I don't think that's something that we've broken out in the past.
Steven Mollenkopf: This is Steve. On the chipset side, it really looks like an incremental market to us. And the interesting thing about it is I think it's unlike the netbook space and the laptop space, the embedded attach rate of wireless LAN is quite high, which I think helps us in two ways. One is that it just sets up the market better for us. The other one is that I think it encourages a number of the handset players to pull up into that space. So it looks very much like a different market to us form the chipset side, one that we could leverage our traditional strengths on.
Steven Mollenkopf: It's pretty straightforward. We don't include it in our guidance a forecast of unrealized capital gains on the investment portfolio. Just the net of what we might realize versus what we might have to impair we feel is an area that's difficult to forecast, so we just don't include it in our guidance.
Paul Jacobs: On the ASP question, ASPs for the September quarter we just reported were pretty much in line with what we expected. It was a modest decline from the prior quarter, and as we had mentioned last time, that was primarily the euro. There was a few dollars of euro FX impact that reduced the average selling price. But on that same point, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing the opposite impact here in this coming December quarter. We're looking for several dollars of positive impact, again primarily due to the euro. On the operating margin side for our Licensing business. Last quarter, we reported approximately 80%. This quarter, we reported 83%. So we did indicate that last quarter was an abnormal quarter. And then in terms of the full year, obviously, we're looking for good earnings growth and part of that is we are looking to grow revenues and operating income at a faster rate than our operating expenses. So we are looking to leverage that pace of operating expense that we already have in place. So on balance, operating margins, I think, are on a positive trend here.
Paul Jacobs: This is Paul, let me take the repatriation question since I've been in the middle of having those discussions with the members of the administration and Congress people. The discussions have really focused around what the use of that money would be, whether it be used for things like building factories in the United States or other forms of CapEx, creating more R&D jobs so funding innovation or dividends. I've been a pretty strong proponent that dividends would be a good use of that money, because of it create a velocity of money in the economy. I would not say that I've gotten great traction with that at this point, but we're continuing to do that. we're doing an economic study about repatriation and when that is completed, we'll be going around Washington. Hopefully, demonstrating to people the value of repatriation. So far, dividends hasn't been something that's been a leverage point, but as I said, we'll continue to try and drive that thought.
Paul Jacobs: I think at the beginning of the fiscal year, there were a lot of concerns about our competitive Chipset division and growth opportunities in the Licensing business, and I'm really happy with our performance in the year and also with our projections going forward. The Snapdragon sales really highlight our strength in smartphones. Smartphones and also these new device types are driving a lot of opportunities for the Licensing business. And so I was very excited by what we see as a potential going forward. The reason is because the wireless industry really continues to innovate in an extremely rapid pace, and it's doing that because it's responding to consumer traction and excitement, and the amount of focus on this space I think is almost higher than it's ever been. And so I feel like Qualcomm is extremely well positioned there. We are going to continue to drive that dynamic as hard as we can with new products and new technologies in 2011 and beyond. So we thank you very much for your support and thanks for being on the call today, and we look forward to seeing you in New York.
