Steven Mollenkopf: Thank you Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. Our QCT business had another excellent quarter, with revenues and earnings before tax increasing 28% and 14% year over year respectively. We shipped 173 million MSM chipsets, up 14% year over year, and at the high end of our prior guidance range, reflecting strong demand across our portfolio, including our Qualcomm reference design solutions. Looking forward, we are expecting another record year for QCT, growing revenue and earnings before tax on a strong double digit basis year over year. This growth is in excess of the rate of growth of estimated industry 3G/4G device unit shipments and the year over year percentage increase of our expected operating expenses. Further, the year is unfolding better than we initially expected, and we are successfully increasing our share and our share of content in devices. This strategy is delivering strong revenue and per-unit dollar margin growth year over year, albeit with downward pressure on the QCT gross margin on a percentage basis, as expected. In total, we are pleased to be raising the company guidance, in large part due to the strength of our chip business. Flagship devices announced this quarter that contain our chipsets include the Samsung Galaxy S IV, the HTC One, the LG Optimus G Pro, the Blackberry Z10, and the Sony Xperia Z smartphone and tablet. Our strategy of pursuing a diversified customer base, including all the major OEMs and across all major operating systems, uniquely positions us within the industry. We also continue to grow devices targeted at mass market pricing in emerging regions. Our Qualcomm reference design program continues to build momentum with OEMs now shipping handsets based on our MSM 8x25Q Quad Core chipset and a developing pipeline for our LTE chipsets, which will support the anticipated rollout of LTE in China. In total, there are now more than 850 Snapdragon enabled devices launched or announced, including approximately 200 devices based on our Qualcomm reference designs. The pipeline of future Snapdragon enabled devices also continues to grow, and there are more than 475 additional Snapdragon enabled designs in development. Devices based on the Snapdragon 600 chipsets are launching now, and we expect commercial devices based on the Snapdragon 800 chipset to launch on schedule in the middle of this year. Carrier requirements that support the demand for growing network capacity will increase the complexity and requirements for modem and connectivity technology and represent a sizable opportunity that aligns with our key strengths. Our family of 3G/4G multimode chipsets leads the competition in mode and band support as well as the integration of the latest wifi 802.11 AC. We are already on our third generation of LTE modems, and with the MDM 9X25 and Snapdragon 800 chipsets, while others are still working on their first generation. This quarter we announced our new Qualcomm RF360 product, which addresses the next challenge with global LTE: OEMs SKU proliferation coming from RF complexity and LTE brand fragmentation. We continue to execute on the strategy which we outlined for you in the past. We innovate across multiple technology vectors, CPU, graphics, modem, and connectivity, optimize the design point for the unique requirements of mobile, integrate these technologies into a tiered chipset roadmap, and deliver these chipsets at scale across multiple customers and OSs. These technology investments enable superior performance, lower power consumption, faster time to market, and continually raise the bar for competition. The success of this strategy is reflected in our growing share and the many OEM flagship devices already announced based on the Snapdragon 600 chipset and the increasing device pipeline of more than 200 Snapdragon 600 and 800 chipset enabled devices. We believe it continues to position us well in the smartphone space, but also in the growing opportunities of mobile computing, the internet of everything, and the connected home. That concludes my remarks. I will now turn the call over to George Davis.
Steven Mollenkopf: In Q2, from Q1, a couple of things happened. One, if you get the normal calendar year price reset, which hits in this quarter, we also had a bit of a weaker mix from the perspective of more units coming in from emerging markets versus developed markets. The December quarter tends to be pretty heavy in terms of buildup in the developed world. So you probably saw a little regional mix move away from the developed world. We also mentioned on the last call that we also think about how we do our pricing strategy, which I think comprehends not just short term but also long term views of the competitive landscape. One thing that I should mention, we really are not seeing significant competitive threat in the LTE area, as you mentioned. I think it’s just more of a mix issue and some of the calendar items that you’ve probably seen over the past few years as well.
Steven Mollenkopf: You probably saw a little bit less mix from the high end, and a little bit more from the emerging market area versus the quarter before.
Steven Mollenkopf: I try not to get into the mix of different customers. The one thing that I would say is that throughout the year we’re probably a little bit diversified from big changes in the customer base, and we are seeing kind of a customer mix change move around. You see that in our numbers and probably in our mix a little bit. But I don’t think that quarter has traditionally been the strongest quarter relative to some of the other ones that we’ve had. I don’t know if there’s anything ominous in there that you should be able to pick up or think about picking up.
Steven Mollenkopf: No, if anything, I think you probably see a little bit of an increase in our inventories, which probably you should think of as confidence in shipping some of the higher end chipsets into the market.
Steven Mollenkopf: A little bit on the 800 status. It’s actually doing well if you look at the uptick in the second half. And the second half does look quite a bit better than what we would have thought in the January timeframe. A lot of that is this higher mix product that we’ve been investing in for some time. And I think you’re going to see good growth year over year and I think some accretion to the business as a result of those higher end products coming in. And I think that’s really responsible for some of the guidance movement.
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes, that’s correct. In fact, I think what you saw between what we would have guided at the beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter is probably a little bit stronger units and more units coming out of the developing regions versus the developed regions. And so I think that those things do move around. We’ve talked about it ebbing and flowing between developed world and emerging world, and this is one that is probably a little heavy on the emerging world side.
Steven Mollenkopf: I’ll give my view on it, which I don’t think you’re seeing anything in terms of stagnation. You’re probably a little early in the ramp of LTE TDD and you’re still seeing, I think, significant transitions from 2G to 3G, which we’re seeing in the low end chipsets. The developed world tends to be [peaky], meaning that it’s dominated in many cases by flagship models and concentrated volumes in particular quarters. I don’t know if Derek or anyone else has any other view.
Steven Mollenkopf: And then on RF360, we’re pretty pleased with it. It’s something that you should see in the second half of this year. I would say, as I said before, expect us to sort of walk before we run in this product area. This is a new product area for us. And I think we probably have a lot to learn in terms of ramping a bunch of customers very rapidly. And of course we have very large volumes now, so we’ll probably take that one slow in terms of how we ramp it. But we’re pleased with how it’s going so far.
Steven Mollenkopf: On your question about growing content and what’s the trajectory look like, if you step back and look at the business, what I think you’re seeing is kind of as the historical mix in our business has been very modem-centric, and it’s had a particular gross margin associated with it. As we go into getting more and more content on the phone, which is first coming in the form of application processor, and adding in that functionality, what you’re seeing is, I think, a growth in the raw dollars and the gross margin per MSM, but a reduction in the traditional gross margin percentage. Now, we’re still seeing significant growth as a result, and clearly it’s been an accretive thing for the company as you look back. But I think that’s what you’re seeing, and I think that’s what people are trying to figure out. And as a particular quarter has a mix between modem and application processor or different geographies such as the last quarter, you tend to see that move around a little bit. And that’s probably what you’re seeing. Now, our view is this is actually a very good business for us. We’re able to produce a business that grows faster than the market and now that it’s at scale, it’s growing faster than our rate of growth of the operating expenses. So we think that’s a very good business. It also, I think, provides the springboard to go into some additional markets such as the tablet market, which we really have not participated in in a great way, primarily because the OS that we put our biggest bet on has yet to sort of develop. But we think it will. So we look at this as a build scale in the smartphone space, and use that to go into some adjacent markets as well. We also think to be successful you have to have the scale. So that’s what you’re really seeing in the business, a bit of an investment period, but we’re still introducing growth during that investment period.
Steven Mollenkopf: On the node transitions, you’re going to see us, consistent with earlier comments and our opex profile, really try to move through the nodes as rapidly as we can. Our view is that that puts us in the best position to drive technology and to really set the design point more than folks who can’t do that. Now, I don’t know if I would make a conclusion that a new node or the 28 nanometer node in particular was associated with the lower gross margin. It’s probably more the mix of products versus anything else. Today, I think the general view is that the 28 nanometer node is likely to be the node that exists for a long time, and will probably sort of the mass market node for some time. We kind of felt that we got on that earlier than anybody else. That being said, you’ve probably heard some timing in the market about when companies will go to 20 nanometer, and our product roadmap is consistent with that timing. We’re going to be moving rapidly through nodes, and across different nodes, at the same time, as we’ve done in the past. So our general strategy is to make sure that at the low end we might use the most cost-effective node, and at the high end, performance tier, we’re going to use the leading edge.
Steven Mollenkopf: You saw us come out with the RF360 during the quarter, and we continue to invest heavily both in the modem and in the GPU/CPU on the [unintelligible]. But we think we’re one of the folks driving [pin] set into the mobile space. So that’s pretty consistent with our current plan and our previous statements.
Steven Mollenkopf: The low tier is pretty difficult to differentiate in many cases, with the exception of two areas. One is you need to have the customer scale, essentially, to be able to engage with a number of different customers. And what we’ve been building over the last year or two years or so is the ability to engage with a nontraditional customer. Nontraditional in this sense means a customer that needs a bit more of a complete solution. That means that from the product side, you need to create something like the reference design that we’ve talked about, but you also need to expand, in the region, the sales activity. So for us in China, what you’re seeing is we’re building the sales activity to sell into a customer that is not, let’s say, the traditional multinational customer that we’ve serviced. And it takes a while to build that alternative channel. We also think, over time, that our IP roadmap from the top tier tends to be meaningful in the low tier as well. And you can see that in customers that try to differentiate from their low tier competitors by producing a high tier phone and trying to offset their brand. You see that, and that tiered roadmap we think is important long term. The other aspect that’s happening here, we think, over the next several quarters, is as China transitions to multimode 4G, that you get a real turnover in the modem feature set, which we think plays toward our traditional strength. So long winded answer, but essentially I think you have to have customer scale, and you can use, we think, the IP roadmap from the top in order to differentiate long term, but there are a lot of people who are competing on price right now, and that needs to settle out.
Derek Aberle: I’ll take that one. I think we saw a little bit of a downward trend in ASPs in Q2, although that was in line with what we expected. As we look back historically the last couple of years, we’ve seen actually ASPs kind of trend down in Q2. But then they’ve tended to trend up in Q3 and Q4. And so as we look out at the back half of the year, we are expecting kind of a rebound in ASPs as compared to the Q2 ASP, and that’s including offsetting effect from FX. So I do think both in the March and the June quarter, we should see some improvement in the ASP compared to Q2.
Derek Aberle: So back on the longer term trends, I think really the trend set we’ve been seeing and that we highlighted back at the analyst day in November. Two quarters in are really holding, and we see them remaining intact. In particular, in the emerging regions, the ASPs have continued to increase and in fact when we talked about sort of the tiers, the interesting thing is although the volume is continuing to grow there, the percentage of the units coming from the mid and high tier has kind of been holding. And so I think both of those trends are consistent with what we expected at the beginning of the year and will continue. But as you said, over the long term as more volume shifts to emerging regions, in terms of our internal plans, we’ve got baked in assumptions that there will be single digit declines in ASPs over the longer term.
Derek Aberle: As I was trying to explain before, we have seen actually more volatility, I would say, in the quarterly ASPs with more iconic high end devices and the timing of the launches. What we’ve seen is actually the ASPs moving around quite a bit. Like if you look last year we were slightly down in Q2 but then ASPs jumped up by like $15 in Q3. So we are seeing more volatility. I think the December quarter is obviously a very competitive dynamic. A lot of things going on in pricing. And it’s a quarter where we have less volume coming from some of the higher ASP regions like Japan. But as I said, as we look out and we have a certain amount of information already from our licensees and then based on publicly available data, we do expect ASPs to increase in Q3. And then as you suggested, there are a number of new higher end products launching that should have a positive impact on the Q4 ASP as well.
Derek Aberle: Really the short answer is it’s end demand driven. As I’ve explained in the past, we’re continuing to grow our licensee base in China, and our license agreements require payment of royalties irrespective of whose chip is included in the device. And I think I’ve taken folks through a few times the robust process we have in place of monitoring the market in China and really trying to drive compliance with our agreements. So no change there. Really a demand driven story.
Derek Aberle: Let me take a crack at that. We’ll see if anybody else wants to chime in. Obviously trying to estimate ASPs is a difficult process, although we get probably more information than most to help us in that process. I think you know our feeling is that the range that we have set out is an appropriate range, and when we think about the fiscal year ASP we usually start out at the beginning of the year, like some of our other guidance, with a wider range, and then as we go through the year and get closer to the end of the year, we’ll tend to narrow it up a little bit because we feel like some of the year’s already under the belt, so we have less to forecast. But again, I think we feel like we have a robust process in place and we’re doing a pretty good job. For instance, this quarter we had a relatively significant drop in ASP quarter over quarter. Yet it was in line with what we expected and consistent with the full year 220 midpoint that we had last quarter, and we still see that as consistent with the guidance for the year. So I’m pretty comfortable with the process that we have in place.
Derek Aberle: I think quarterly volatility has been increasing, partially for the reason Steve mentioned, which is as we get more of these iconic devices launching, and they’re launching at sort of peaky times throughout the year. It has the effect of moving the ASP around more than it did in the past.
Derek Aberle: On China licensing, I think I can probably break it into two parts. I think generally we feel very good, as I said, that we’re continuing to add licensees to the base and grow the number of licensees in China. I feel very good about the compliance efforts we have there. So I think we are confident we’re collecting reasonably well on the sales there. The one exception that’s pretty well understood, I think, is we have had some struggles with local Chinese companies necessarily paying all the royalties they owe on TDS CDMA units. And although we have a large number of company [unintelligible] for TDS CDMA given the political sensitivities there, that continues to be an issue for us. And we’ve got a number of strategies in place to try to address it, but at the TDS CDMA volumes grow at China Mobile, there will be a gap, to some extent, between what we’re collecting on and maybe some of the numbers you’re seeing come out of China, unless and until we’re able to resolve the situation. Having said that, I think there are some trends that should help reduce the size of the issue. One of them is we do believe that the higher end of the portfolio is going to have a combination of UMTS and LTE or at least UMTS for global roaming in other regions. So as to products that include those technologies in addition to TDS CDMA, we don’t anticipate having the same issues that we’re experiencing on TDS CDMA. So again, this has shifted over time, I think, where the volumes are quite a bit smaller historically, and the mix of the supply base in China has also shifted over time to probably favor more of the local Chinese companies that have been a bit of a struggle. But we’re going to continue to work hard to see what we can do to solve it.
Derek Aberle: On the follow up on China, just to clarify, I think we have agreements in place with a number of companies and it’s really just trying to work some of the issues and trying to get compliance. We’re also getting still paid some royalties from companies outside of China. So I think that’s a little bit of a dynamic. Can’t quite say we’re not getting anything on TDS CDMA, and that’s shifting over time. Our current expectation is we’ve got more than 50 companies licensed now for LTE, including both TDD and FTD modes of LTE. And a significant number of those companies are Chinese companies, including ZTE. So currently our expectation is that we will not have the same type of challenges around LTE that we’ve experienced in China on TDS CDMA. And on top of that, we do think many of the devices at China Mobile at least in the near term that include LTE will also include [unintelligible] and for that reason would also be a trigger for royalty payments under our agreements.
Derek Aberle: The first question on sort of longer term impacts on single mode LTE, obviously there’s been a certain amount of chatter around the industry about the timing of some of the early launches of single mode LTE devices and I think there’s some room for debate on that. But we still believe that that, in terms of meaningful volume, is shifted out a ways. You may recall that we made a public statement several years ago at the time, based on sort of our current patent position, which frankly I think has improved over time, that we expected to charge about 3.25% for single mode LTE, just for the essential patent portfolio. And as you know, we generally license generally our whole portfolio, not just the essential portfolio. So that 3.25% was just for the essential patents. So while it’s possible over time, we can see a bit of a step down in the rate as we transition to more single mode LTE. I think we feel very good about the position that we’re in in terms of the agreements we’ve signed and the potential impact of that. There’s obviously other things in the agreements that could have somewhat of an offsetting effect in that as well in terms of the total royalties paid, but we’ll have to see how that plays out over time. But sort of the big picture is we still believe it’s out in time a ways, and we feel good that we’re establishing a value for the portfolio that everybody should be pretty happy with.
Derek Aberle: On tablets, I think I mentioned on the last call that the attach rates obviously have been not as high as we had expected. They’ve been trending down a little bit over time. I do think we’re seeing some signs that the trend could be starting to reverse itself going forward. And in particular, as we start seeing more volume in some of the smaller screen form factors, like a 7- or 8-inch, that people will end up carrying with them more often, I think there’s more desire to have the ubiquitous coverage of cellular. Also, I think recently I’ve seen some more subsidies coming in from the operator channel on the tablet products, which really they haven’t been pushing too much in the past. And then of course I think in the last six months or so, we have seen many of the operators around the world make moves on their pricing plans that are more conducive to driving adoption. So I think some things are coming together, which we hope will start to improve the picture. From a royalty standpoint, at this point we think we’ve done our part and there’s not really a need for additional changes there to help stimulate the market.
George Davis: I’ll cover the near term impact and maybe Derek you can cover your views on the longer term impact. Actually, we did experience some impact from the yen in the second quarter, and really for the full year. But in both Q2 and Q3, the net effect has been minimal in Q2 in particular, because of the favorable impact from other currencies. So for the full year, we see FX being about $1 impact on ASPs. So not much of an impact and virtually no impact in Q2.
George Davis: I would just add when we look at Q2, even though the volumes of MSMs were up relative to our expectations, the mix issue did have an impact of kind of neutralizing the benefit of those higher volumes and so the outperformance in Q2 was more of a QTL story.
George Davis: The QCT margins, we said for the full year, as you may recall, that we saw 18.5% to 20.5% margins for QCT throughout the year. We are seeing spending increase into the last half of the year so 17% at Q3 is still going to be consistent with that outlook. And in fact, we recommitted to the margin outlook. So I don’t think we really changed our view at all. I do think we’re certainly seeing strength in ASPs for QCT in the second half of the year. That will help. But we’re also seeing some ramping in spending.
George Davis: And just back to your second question, on legal expenses and other items. That really was to explain the delta from our forecast of up 10-12-14, to the 14% growth that we saw in Q2. Litigation and patent are both up in the quarter. Some on settlements, some of the patents. :
George Davis: Let me just give some perspective on the full year on the margin. Because I think it’s hard to see it for a couple of reasons. Number one, the margin performance for QCT [unintelligible] loaded in the second half of the year and so you’ll see more of that impact in Q3 and Q4, and we already talked about the fact that even on falling volume you’re going to see revenue and operating margin up and our expectation in Q3. But if you just step back and look year over year, QCT revenue will be up more than 35% year over year. Operating margin we think will be up more than 40% and again, it’s driving the opex growth of the company year over year, but it’s still at a lower percentage than its revenue growth rate. So we are seeing some leverage in the margin.
George Davis: On the gross margin and opex, we don’t guide that at the segment level. But I will say they’re in line with Steve’s comments about the mix of business. There was some both gross margin and opex impact to get to that 17% number.
George Davis: In terms of the increase, you still have a meaningful piece of that that is in the core business. And maybe it’s easier just to step back and look at the full year over year. Still, when you think about a 21-23% increase year over year, about 95% of that, not to be too specific, in that area, is really related to spending increases in QCT and QTL. So this is really about investment in the core business.
