George S. Davis: Hey, Mike. It's George. I'll take this and then maybe Cristiano will want to jump in. So if you look at Q4, I would say you saw some benefit from mix for sure. I would also add that you saw the impact of the adjacent businesses, which had a strong quarter both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Going into Q1, it's definitely the fact that you're seeing real strength in the high and mid-tier that's helping offset what might be some of the other impacts that we're seeing in the quarter. And also you're seeing some lower low tier, which helps the overall picture there.
George S. Davis: And I would just add, we had said going into the fourth quarter that there was more risk to meeting the midpoint of our guide because the market had been softer than we would have thought at the time when we came up with the $7.3 billion to the $8.0 billion, and so – but we felt we were making enough progress that we could make the guide that we did, and it turns out we made even more progress.
George S. Davis: And let me comment on – this is George – I'll comment on the NXP closing date. We totally agree with your comment that this is a highly complementary deal, and the industrial logic for customers is quite attractive. So we didn't pick an outside date because we thought there would be a lot of regulatory push back. It was just designed to recognize that at the outside it would be by the end of the calendar year, but it could certainly be well before that depending on the regulatory reviews.
George S. Davis: Yeah. In terms of trying to then guide to how you get to the outlook for Q1, which I believe was your second question, was it's really just fundamentally the step down in TRDS quarter-over-quarter. So it's, otherwise it's a fairly strong guide, and if you blend the two quarters, I think you're right on top of it.
Cristiano R. Amon: And Mike, this is Cristiano Amon. Just an added comment, while we don't provide I think guidance for the year, I think within 2017 we expect to see the introduction of our new premium tier Snapdragon at 10 nanometer, the flagship. We also expect to continue to have growth in adjacent business, and that's going to have a positive impact and offset some seasonality we saw with OEM mix.
Cristiano R. Amon: No, I just wanted to add that when we look for 2017, we feel comfortable right now with the product roadmap and traction across our broad customer base. I think China definitely want to highlight. I think we expect to repeat in 2017 the success we had in China in 2016. And we're going to be upgrading all tiers across thin modems, the premium tier MSM and the mid-tier MSM while we maintain the operating discipline implemented during strategic realignment plan.
Cristiano R. Amon: Hi. This is Cristiano. I think we are still on track. We see some of the regulatory approvals getting near completion, and we're on track to close this towards the end of the year, beginning of 2017.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: James, this is Steve. I'll handle that, the first piece of it. I think it also depends on where you're looking the world. If you look in China, for example, I think the migration to uplink carrier aggregation in the 4G plus has really been helping the business actually. So I think that's an area where feature leadership in the modem has certainly been able to be highly correlated actually with success. But you're right. In some areas we have seen people either de-feature or go with a less advanced modem. Now the way we think about that is that the networks themselves are moving, and that's not a sustainable long-term position to be in. When we look at tear downs are or we look at comparisons between competitors' parts, the tear downs are very consistent with our view in terms of modem leadership. We are getting feedback from operators that they do want to upgrade their modems, and actually that includes their end market devices. The pressure to go to gigabit-class modems as well as 5G we think set up a good environment for us. But we do like the position of having modem leadership in the future, and we think we are going to be able to maintain that. We did, as you know, have to make some changes to our cost structure to make sure that we can sustain an environment where maybe that isn't always the case at any particular moment, but we still think that's strong strategic ground to hold.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Yeah. This is Steve. I'll take the first piece and maybe George can jump in on the end. What I meant to say earlier was I think there's maybe points in time where you can get away with not the leading quality or the leading edge feature set, but I don't think that's good strategic ground to hold. And our view of where our roadmap is going, the speed at which the industry is moving, meaning the networks that are in the operators – what their plans are to upgrade the networks, we feel very good about where our modem roadmap and modem business is going. I gave a couple of data points about people launching some of the more advanced either MIMO or 256-QAM networks. We see that happening. We see things like license assisted access happening, particularly in the United States, being a positive thing. The upgrade to 802.11ax, and the interconnection or the simultaneous operation between that and cellular being a good thing. And then just the general pressure on OEMs from other OEMs to use, let's say things like gigabit-class modems, we think is creating a positive design win, good feedback from our customers in terms of how that sets up. So the individual, how that relates to an individual model and such and timing of that I think is really a better question for the OEMs. But we like where the modem business is headed, particularly as 5G happens and things like narrowband IoT come into the networks as well. So I think that's where we are. Quickly, maybe on the Note 7 and other devices, I think we did comprehend a little bit of impact from that in the forward guide. I think you should think of that as if there's kind of a momentary hole in the market and we have a view as to how that's going to fill in. It may fill in maybe not perhaps in the entire first quarter, but it will fill in and we feel like we're well positioned for almost any scenario that you can think of. I mean a lot of different OEMs could fill it in, including just a product transition within the OEM that we're talking about. So we feel like we're well positioned in any of those scenarios, and we did comprehend some impact of that in the first quarter guide.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Thank you. I just want to thank everyone for attending the call today and reiterate how excited we are about the future. We're executing on our strategy to maintain our leadership in mobile and grow in adjacent opportunities with disciplined execution. With the pending additions of TDK JV and the NXP business, we are in an excellent position to grow our businesses. Lastly, I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication through this evolution of our business model. We look forward to the many exciting opportunities ahead. Thank you.
Derek K. Aberle: Simona, this is Derek. Actually what we said was last quarter in Q3 we had about – we had north of $400 million in out-of-period revenue in QTL. Part of that was from the resolution of our dispute with LG, and the other chunk of it, about $200 million-ish was from licensees that we were still negotiating with began reporting some of the royalties even ahead of signing agreements. That was all in Q3, and it was reflected in the $7.4 billion to $7.8 billion annual fiscal year guidance. When you fast-forward into Q4, we've got some additional catch-up payments, as I noted in my remarks, north of $200 million additional coming in in Q4, which gets us to – and if you might recall from last time, we guided some additional progress with license negotiations in Q4, but not all of it. And we kind of over-delivered on that in terms of concluding additional deals which brought us above our Q4 guide, and right around the midpoint of the annual fiscal year guidance.
Derek K. Aberle: Hey, Rod, this is Derek. So as we pointed out at the outset of the year, this year and probably even going forward into fiscal 2017, the externally implied rate is going to fluctuate quite a bit quarter-over-quarter. If you look back in Q3, we were north of 3.2%. Then this quarter it swings down to 2.5%. Really the main driver in this quarter was the amount of catch-up that came in within the quarter, both – all of it really coming from Chinese OEMs, a combination of folks reporting under the NDRC terms, but also a significant portion of that under the lower rates that apply to 3-mode. So we think that's largely sort of a historical thing. If you look at the projections for 3-mode in China, they are expected to be below 30% of the volume at China Mobile by the end of 2016, end of calendar 2016. So we think this is just going to be kind of the fluctuation that we pointed out would happen as we signed agreements and brought in catch-up. For the year, we came pretty close to the 2.9% longer-term kind of normalized rate we talked about in February at the Analyst Day. I expect we're going to see some continued fluctuations through 2017, but structurally and in terms of how we see the future unfolding, I think you can sort of think of that normalized 2.9% as a good longer-term metric. And we do expect next quarter will be up, because even if we conclude some additional deals that we're making progress on, the amount of the prior period catch-up will likely be smaller. And then on the end market, really, let me try to unpack it a couple of different ways. We're continuing to see good growth in units, so we're holding our guide for calendar 2016, which is about 8% year-over-year growth, and we put out a guide now for 2017, which is 7% year-over-year growth. And then the story that we really highlighted maybe three years ago is playing out very, very accurately to what we expected. The ASPs have continued to moderate in terms of erosion, and 2016 came in about where we called it at the beginning of the year, around 6% year-over-year erosion, and we expect that to further moderate into fiscal 2017. So one of the guideposts we set out in my remarks is if you look at the unit growth and the expected ASP erosion, we think the handset piece of the market in fiscal 2017 will grow about mid single digit. And then of course on top of that, you have the non-handset piece as well as some continued improvement that we expect to drive in compliance, which means we expect to grow the business, the QTL business, at or above the handset growth in the market.
Derek K. Aberle: Tim, this is Derek. Yeah, the catch-up that came in over the last two quarters related to the signing of new deals. That's basically largely baked and behind us. We have signed nine of the top 10 Chinese OEMs now, so great progress throughout the year. We do have another one that we're continuing to negotiate with and continuing to make progress, as well as we've noted the litigation against Meizu, which we are hopeful will drive to an agreement at some point. So there will be some continued fluctuation in the revenue in QTL based on catch-up, both on combination of new deals as well as driving compliance resolutions. But the ones that we've talked about from the announced deals are I think basically behind us. In terms of the market, I think if you look at the way the market has developed throughout the year, a number of industry analysts have been more pessimistic on handset growth than we were at the outset. But at least so far, I would say the market's trending more in line with our view than what they set out. China continues to be strong, and we saw another good quarter in the September quarter of 4G adds, and going forward we're expecting some pretty meaningful growth in 2017 coming from India and Southeast Asia, Middle East. So there's definitely big markets where we see the opportunity for a lot of continued growth. On top of that, we do see a lot of good trends with operators focusing more attention on things like narrowband LTE and more of the industrial, and in addition to consumer launches of IoT devices. So that will be a growth opportunity as well, but the handset, underlying handset growth that we called for 2017 mid single digit I think is something we feel very comfortable with. We're not going to update the sort of the $10 billion call that we gave in February, but guess what I can say there is in terms of the new agreements that we've signed, and the way that the market is playing out since February, there's nothing really that would change the long-term view for the business.
Derek K. Aberle: This is Derek. So on the first question, I don't think, it's really nothing new. I mean, we've been talking about the trends that we expected to play out in the handset market, like I said, for the last few years. We expected to see some pretty accelerated erosion in ASPs for a couple of years and then start to moderate. But what we are seeing in the emerging markets, although most of the growth going forward is coming from the emerging markets, it's the same trends that we had talked about we're continuing to see play out. The Chinese OEMs are continuing to kind of move up tier as they gain share. Cristiano mentioned some of that in response to an earlier question. That's really been a good story. A lot of growth in China and across the Chinese OEMs even outside of China, in the mid to high tier, that volume is not just coming in at the low tier. And part of that's being driven by the replacement rate story that we expected as people started to replace their phones and move up tier. We believe those trends are playing out and they'll continue to play out as we go through 2017. And interestingly, if you look at the reported ASP in the business for fiscal 2016, it was down less than the global. So even though we're pulling in some of the catch-up amounts from prior period, and some that stuff tended to be at the lower tiers, there has still been some good stability across the ASP picture.
Derek K. Aberle: Tim, so we've given a couple of guideposts. One is that as we continue to negotiate and close what we call the key Chinese license agreements that were remaining, that if we could get those done, we believed we would be around 75% of their global sales that would be reported. We're not quite there yet. We've got a lot of good progress and certainly the largest player is done, but we're still in negotiations with one more of those. So as I'd mentioned in my remarks, we're kind of at the 73% mark now, and we need to make some more progress to get closer to the 75%. But I do think that we're on track to get there. And then from there, we'll have to drive some additional signings and some compliance improvements to get that number up. The 75% that we last gave, it sort of aligned with around a little less than 10% global sales that would be unreported. And so we don't, I'm really not in a position today to guide where we end up in 2017 other than to say we've been making steady progress, and we've got a number of initiatives underway in addition to just negotiating closing new agreements to drive the compliance in a more favorable picture for us. And we're going be working hard on that throughout fiscal 2017 and hope to continue to narrow that gap.
Derek K. Aberle: Stacy, this is Derek. Yeah, so the catch-up situation is a bit complicated. I guess the best way I can lay it out for you is we got some catch-up in from the licensees that we closed on in Q4 into Q3 that were for prior-period sales, and they were not in the run rate in Q3. We closed the deals in Q4, which brought an additional catch-up for prior periods, but then also brought them into the run rate into Q4. So it's a blend of the two. Now George, if you want to take the next one.
Derek K. Aberle: Sure, be happy to. So we had talked actually the previous quarter about the fact that we had contemplated the impact of second sourcing in our full year guidance in terms of where we thought QCT would come out on margin. And actually if you look back on the year, QCT not only exceeded the new margin target that we set, but they did it in a year where quite frankly the market itself was weaker, particularly in the thin modem area. And it required us to recapture an important slot in the premium tier, which they did, but also rolled out a series of products across the low, mid and high tiers where we saw much stronger traction in China than we expected going in. So I think overall, it's a very strong year and our planning assumptions with respect to the second sourcing were always a part of that.
