George Davis: I think what you’re seeing is definitely a step up in the return of capital for the quarter and actually for the full year as you may have seen we have returned $3.3 million in buyback and dividends. We just feel at the levels of the stock today and the strength of the balance sheet and quite frankly the strength of the businesses that it's a good time to be buying. You can see that we continue to buy through the end of the quarter up about $500 million on top of the 1 billion that we did in the quarter. We have about $3.5 billion remaining on the current authorization and we’re really not in a position at this point to make any broader statement about a change in capital policy. We’ve always been supportive of returning capital shareholders and we have had a bias, and we will continue to have a bias to step up more heavily when the markets provide a good opportunity. 
George Davis: The outlook for the margin is for the full-year obviously is right in line with where we started, the year overall. So a concern about something having changed in the marketplace that is driving a change in our outlook is I think exacerbated a little bit by the fact that we’re looking at seasonal quarters here in terms of margin, so we will update the longer-term outlook at the November meeting, and again I think concerns about further erosion in margin are really overplayed. 
George Davis: Let me just cover your question on again on share buyback. What I talked about when I was using the term opportunistic it was really in response to the question, that the company has valued an opportunistic strategy over time and I still believe that to be the case. The decision to start purchasing in Q3 was clearly coming out of the earnings call, although the stock reacted and came down, and we felt it was an extremely attractive time to start buying back shares. So it kind of goes beyond opportunistic and really a view of valuation and again I think you can see from the Outlook and from performance in the quarter that the company is performing strongly, we think it's a good time to be buying. 
Steve Mollenkopf: On your second question I think it was really, if you think about the mix it was a little bit, look at the June quarter probably a little weaker on the premium tier and it was offset by some strengths at the emerging accounts tier. We have forecasted a similar trend going into September, which is essential a little bit less premium. Of course it's always definitely is a weird quarter to predict sometimes because of the importance of flagship launches. So I think you’re probably seeing a little bit of just the maybe a little before we see flagships devices launch. Now we do have a fair bit of investment in the businesses as George mentioned, we continue to invest quite heavily actually in the modem and in those areas of innovation as Paul mentioned in his prepared remarks. We think we’re actually very well-positioned at the premium tier moving forward and we consider ourselves to be really differentiated there, so we’re continuing to drive that in the business and we think it will pay off long term. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure with the chip ASPs really the 800 is really haven't launched yet actually, so we’re anticipating over the next two quarters to start see some exciting devices come out of the 800 but that really hasn’t started launching yet. What we saw in the June quarter was really more of a mix toward relative to our expectation, it's a little bit less premium, little bit more emerging markets and we did have some improvements in gross margin primarily in the cost area. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Well I think we forecasted, as George mentioned that to be flat and really what you see in our product line because they're such a big mix, different there is a big difference in ASP between the premium devices and the mid-tier and low-tier devices. That can change a lot actually based on the mix now looking forward. Now in the holiday season as I think is behind your question, you tend to be more flagship launches and you tend to see more premium devices launch as well. Same thing following Mobile World Congress in the first half of the calendar year as well. So we will see how that plays out but we think we’re well-positioned in terms of design wins. It’s just a question of what happens. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure maybe I can provide a little bit of color than George I think probably you could also jump in here as well. We look at our business right now and we definitely don't subscribe to the view that the high tier is going away in terms of innovation. In fact if you look at the speed at which we’re being asked to cycle through chipsets I would argue that it's actually accelerating in terms of feature velocity. So we’re driving that, we think that’s a competitive strength for us, we also believe that moving forward over the next couple of years that will be really the thing that determines profitability as driving that tier and we think we have the ability to do that. That being said today I would say we’re probably at a point where we have some additional R&D because we’re moving through the process notes faster than it's traditional in our business and complexity of doing that is actually increased and but we think that scale is actually a differentiator for us. So we’re continuing to do that, if you see us over the years not have to do that. We hope that it makes it easier for us from a business perspective, but maybe George can comment a little bit on the other question. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Okay Brian on the share side of the China market it's interesting, when we look at where we really compete we really compete, we don't support an EDGE product, we don't support a low-tiered TD-SCDMA product. We think that by the time that we would have that out that market will transition to LTE and really intersect with the rest of our product line. So if you just look at kind of where we compete, we’re quite pleased actually with how we've been able to develop what is essentially a new channel for us. All of the units that I mentioned that were sequentially strong those are new customers, customers that we wouldn’t normally deal and I think we’re intercepting those customers but at the same time that we’re also getting I think the premium skews that are coming in that market. So we’re actually fairly pleased with how we’re doing there from a share perspective, probably more pleased from a revenue dollars perspective, but I think what that we are excited about is that when that business, when the China market starts to go toward LTE, which we think will start at the second half of this calendar year when they started the trial will be positioned even better, because that will really intercept our tiered roadmap from the 800 all the way down to some new products that we haven’t announced, but we are clearly working on in that tier. So, we look at that as a disruptor for us. The other aspect, which we think will be a good thing for us. We got a lot of the big OEM that has started to build their name through the transition to smartphones. In China, domestic OEMs are looking to go international. And we have we think a good on-ramp with them to drive their international business. So, as you may know, if you look at our product lines, one of the big advantages we have is that we have all of the band support, and that enables you to design a product in China and use that other places in the world, which we think is going to be something that’s good for us to be able to intercept a number of the other OEMs that we haven’t been strong in heretofore. 
Steve Mollenkopf: Quick answer to your question on margin target, we actually would expect that business to do better and our plans are to make that happen. I think one of the things that when I listen to people talk about the competitive environment that there probably is a difference between our outlook and what other people see is that today it's already very competitive. I mean if you look at the market structure we essentially compete in Samsung against Samsung and that and we do quite well and so I don’t think there is a much more competitive dynamic than that dynamic and we do I think quite well in that environment. That being said, we believe that the investments that we’re making and really it is our level of spending that I think is probably the easiest level to deal with that level of spending we think is creating technology distance between what our roadmap is providing and what I think other people get by doing their own chipsets and if you just look at over the last several years how much we’ve started to at least in our minds move ahead from the competition both on an integrated scale but also individual technology vectors. We think that will play well to our strengths moving forward and there will be more leverage in the business moving forward. We’re also not seeing additional markets in most of the I think tablet market in the revenue line but that is clearly in the cost line, I think it's too early to make a call on that but your outlook on that business I think also has a big lever in terms of what will happen long term. 
Steve Mollenkopf: On the connectivity piece essentially we’ve been working quite hard to bring both the maturity and the feature set of our wireless LAN solution up to what is would be considered a leadership of position. We think we’re at that point now, we have been able to also exploit a one of the benefits of our platform which essentially is that we have had the 11ac or end solution which is the 3660 and it’s pin-for-pin compatible with the 36.80. So, I think it’s been somewhat of misunderstood, but we are actually at the lead in terms of mobile AC. And it’s a very easy migration for people to have. So, we do, I think quite well at the mid-tier in terms of design win percentages, and I think that’s a great on-ramp to convince people that at the flagship tier can be used as well. And as I said earlier, those things won’t switch overnight, but I think the integration story is quite strong on this technology as it is with many technologies. It’s just the right thing to move the customer in that direction. The other things, remember as well, is that eventually the modem, the wireless WAN modem and the wireless LAN modem actually have to coordinate to manage interference and manage offload in a very coordinated way. That particularly becomes important as networks get more dense. So, over time, the good technical reasons of integration are augmented by just that’s the way the system is going to need to work to be successful. So, that’s a good trend for us. 
Derek Aberle: So, I think, this is Derek, I think we highlighted during the last call that we are starting to see a little more volatility in the quarter-over-quarter ASP changes. And we indicated our belief was that we were going to see an upward movement in the ASP this quarter which is in line with what happened is actually a little stronger than what we expected, but really that came from a strength in both developed and emerging regions as Steve noted in his remarks. In developed, I think we started to see an increasing mix this quarter of devices at the mid and high-tier while at the same time, the prices within those tiers remaining relatively stable and there were actually some new launches within the quarter, at the March quarter. And then in emerging regions, I think it’s much of the same story in developed meaning we have an increasing percentage of devices going into the mid and high-tier, but also I think acceleration more so than we expected of feature phones moving over to smartphones. And as we pointed out in the past, the ASP uplift when moving from feature phones even to the lower tier smartphones is quite meaningful. So, we are continuing to see upward movement in emerging region ASP. So, really, all of those things came together to get us where we ended up this quarter. 
Derek Aberle: On your second question I think we have been pretty transparent that you know we’re continuing to grow the licensing base and I think we went up another 10 licensees this quarter. Most of that growth has continued to come from China. So, we feel very confident that where we are collecting under our agreements, and that we have the main customers of Mediatek and Spectrum and others, as well as even the mid and smaller customers licensed and paying. The one exception that we have discussed a number of times is TD-SCDMA and I think that maybe driving a little bit of the difference in the numbers that you are seeing versus the numbers that we are reporting to you as royalty bearing units. And as you know, we have had some difficulties collecting on TD-SCDMA in China. This year, in particular, we have seen pretty meaningful growth in TD-SCDMA units in China. And so as we go forward, that’s having sort of a muted impact on the growth overall of the units reported to us, but as I look ahead, our expectation is though as China Mobile launches LTE that a significant portion of that volume will start to fairly quickly transition over to including the LTE and/or UMTS and that will provide a basis for us to collect royalties on those devices, hopefully without the same types of challenges that we have had historically around TD-SCDMA. So, that would drive kind of accelerated growth year-over-year when you start looking out into ‘14 and ‘15 from a unit standpoint. 
Derek Aberle: Rod, this is Derek. Obviously, it’s early days, and we’ll have to see how some of these new programs play out, but I think our view is generally positive that they should have a positive impact on replacement cycles. There has been some concern about whether operators are going to step back a bit from subsidies and given the smartphone penetration that is in some of the developed regions. And I think we are going to see I believe we’ll continue to see a number of different kinds of programs that will help drive replacements. If you look at AT&T, I think they just announced results and they said 35% of their smartphone users are on LTE, which is still relatively low and yet they are seeing higher data usage across the LTE subscribers. So, you would think that the operators will continue to be motivated even with the smartphone penetration where it is to drive replacement cycle. So, we will see how these play out, but I think generally a positive development. 
Derek Aberle: So, on channel inventory, the channel inventory peaked in our second fiscal quarter or the first calendar quarter in the 15-week to 16-week range. We saw it come down about a week in our fiscal third quarter and we think it will come down at least another week and a half or so in our fourth fiscal quarter. So, pretty continuous decline since the peak of Q2. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Okay, Tim. So, on the pricing side, as I mentioned in my remarks, we saw some I think some sequential strength in the emerging accounts. And we are probably up 35% quarter-over-quarter there. Those products for us really could fall into two buckets. So, we do quite well from a margin as well as the unit’s perspective kind of at the performance tier of the emerging accounts. And I think one of the misconceptions is that, that’s all just at the bottom if not a lot of the OEMs there are turning to build both the brand as well as volume. Now, in the very low tier, it is a very, very aggressive time period. It’s really the 2G to 3G conversion market and it’s quite aggressive. We are continuing to price aggressively there. Quite frankly, we don’t have the best cost structure at that time. We are working to improve that. We hope that, that will improve over time. But we are pleased, because we think although our units are growing they still have further to go. And my guess is that our revenue share is probably pretty strong certainly stronger than our unit share in that area. Remember too, that we don’t participate really in China Mobile yet, which is the largest carrier in the region, largest carrier in the world. So, we look at that and we say there is an opportunity there for us to grow the business and we look forward to it. That being said, it’s very competitive market as you know. With respect to benchmarks, good question, actually I am glad you asked, what’s interesting about it is I think there is probably a little bit, I don’t know the right word, basically I think it's a little bit dubious the way that some of these benchmarks have led to certain conclusions and then other conclusions, but at the end when we look at the results we conclude that we’re definitely in the lead there. More importantly though when we look at our position at the OEM base and in the near-term, or even the midterm we’re quite confident about how we fit. And I think it comes down from the fact that we think we have the best technology across all of the vectors that matter, but most importantly we have it together. We have the ability to put multiple things into one SoC and I think that has served us quite well and we expect that to serve us quite well moving forward. So we have a tough time understanding all the anxiety that people have regarding the conclusions people make from those benchmarks that we just don’t see that in our customer base. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Ehud, this is Steve. On the timing question, it’s pretty difficult it varies from customer to customer. And I apologize I actually don’t know even the range, but with some customers, they have the ability to move very, very rapidly other customers through their manufacturing, they may have a more complicated manufacturing process, other subcontractors what have you, and it may take them longer. So, I don’t have a great sense as to what how long that would take for them to have sell-through some of my other colleagues perhaps could comment. But on the LTE mix, I also don’t have that mix right now. I think we could probably provide some color in New York about that. I would say, directionally we are doing quite well in LTE, and it’s clearly moving very rapidly throughout our portfolio, but we are also selling allowing customers or enabling customers to sell that same device in non-LTE markets as well. I just don’t know the mix between those two. 
Steven Mollenkopf: So, let’s start with the Q4 first, I think what you’re seeing with Q4 is even though we’re calling for MSMs to be up, if you look at our view of pricing it's suggesting the mix is going to be impacted by some of the emerging market volumes of more than the flagship volumes. So I think that’s what we were talking about in terms of conservatism. But if you think about where we came in on MSMs in Q3 which was well ahead of our guidance, Q3 and Q4 together looked actually quite good and Q4 is a very similar overall in terms of the business for both QTL and QCT it's really some of the higher spending, eroding a little bit of the strong performance that we saw in Q3 but still very strong performance overall. On the capital allocation front, we do agree it's a good time to buying stock and that’s why we’re we have ramped significantly the repurchase activity and it's continuing into Q4. As I said we have 3.5 billion outstanding, we don’t forecast our share repurchase activity but as Paul said in his own quote we’re confident in the business and we will continue to return capital consistent with that view. So we will stay in contact on that. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure. Mark, if you look at our business, the connectivity business, I mentioned earlier that it was actually a record quarter in June for it. And now it’s also not just a cellular connectivity business, it includes consumer electronics as networking in that as well. So, it’s actually a little bit more diversified than probably what people think. Now, that being said, on the phones side, we have been I think done a good job in terms of getting pull-through for our connectivity solutions either through integrated or through standalone on our mid-tier and low-tier platforms. I gave some comments last year actually about how strong that was in terms of a tax rate. What we are starting to see and one of the things we are excited about is that now we are starting to see Tier 1s start to use the products. And we think that’s an on-ramp one of the necessary or first steps to getting us into the flagship devices as well. And that will be I think it’s a long road to ahead of us on that, but we see the first signs of success there. We also believe that our integration story, which has served us well with RF, power management, Bluetooth and GPS will also serve us well in the connectivity space as well. So, we are continuing to invest in that area. We are bullish about it long-term. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Romit, maybe I will start with the LTE question first. Yes, I think that’s probably an accurate view of what we are seeing. If you look at our feedback from the OEMs, it seems like we don’t see anyone sort of knocking on the door in the near-term door, kind of with the feature set they were already delivering. As you know we are on our third-generation and we’re going to continue to move that forward into next year. So it looks like people are having trouble ramping this year or last year's feature set and we’re going to be delivering next year's feature set next year. So we think we’re continuing to be strong in the LTE space. I would point to people to the importance of a SoC strategy in LTE and essentially that’s in the flagship tier you need to be able to deliver solutions in the developed world. The developed world because the spectrum constraints really needs to embrace LTE Advanced next year and should you be able to produce a product like that and compete with us on a modem space you will also need to do that in an integrated SoC which means that you need to make sure that you have a world-class application process and connectivity and graphics and we think we’re differentiated across all of those vectors and certainly if you put them together we feel quite strong. On the first question I actually forgot what it was, could you remind me please? Share content, yes, thank you. On share count essentially what’s happened we’re growing our position in the phone, as I’ve mentioned on previous call sometimes that comes at less gross margin percentage than our traditional modem business but it comes at more dollars and I think a good growth business for us if you have seen in the year-over-year numbers, plus you’re seeing some of that. We also from time to time are able to collect essentially value-added software fees for additional functionality that we can sell alongside the chip and you start to see that sometimes I move around from quarter-to-quarter. So all in all I think it's a strong story for us although from a dollar perspective but not at the traditional gross margin percentages that you saw in the traditional model business but a good business for us. 
Steven Mollenkopf: With respect to LTE in China, we are being driven quite hard to start supporting what are I think very large scale trials at the end of this year. And also as I understand the Spectrum situation, from a government perspective, has been a lot more clarity given over the last month or so with respect to that. So, we expect that to start in the second half of this year. And then I would expect the other carriers to follow I think it will start in LTE-TDD in China Mobile and then following the other carriers. But again, it’s very difficult to predict what happens in China, but we are being pushed hard in that direction. 
