Steve Mollenkopf: Simona, this is Steve as well. In terms of the confidence, what you're seeing in the QCT numbers is, I think you are strength really across the board in fact broadly in China across tiers and across OEMs and our problem now is not really a demand problem. Actually in the near-term, we are actually trying to fight through some short-term supply issues because the demand has been even more than we thought. I think we feel pretty good about the QCT numbers. Also although it's outside of the fiscal year, I think thinking about QCT as a leading indicator for QTL is also a good way to think about the business as well.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. On QCT side, that I think if you look at the QCT numbers, obviously it's really a quarter prior to the same units hitting a QTL, so we feel pretty good about what's happening there and how it leads into the QTL side on. On the chip shipments, probably the best indicators, we are just seeing a lot of design pipeline and request for chips. As if it's almost like a spring that wound and they are waiting for kind of the official start to happen, but we are really pleased with how that been happening so far. Now, as we have said in previous reports, it's very difficult to predict the exact timing on the start of the ramp and in particular one that has so much intensity around it, but we are working like crazy to get chipsets into multiple OEMs to support it, and that's why you know we tend to have a reasonable confidence based on what we are seeing in QCT. I am sorry. You had a second question, our MSM ASP, really we had a strong mix actually. If you look at what happened in the March quarter is the mixed was pretty strong, in particular some of the devices that than have been launching worldwide that continues to be something that's good for us.
Steve Mollenkopf: On the second one first, I think we feel pretty good actually how the cost discipline in QCT has been in transpiring throughout the years, so I think that's it in a good direction. Same thing with the supply chain. Now, in terms of your first question about mix, I think George gave them indications about what it would be sequentially, which I think was roughly I think if I look at your comments that you just made. The one thing to remember about the launch of LTE and in particular our strategy to support that launch is that this will be a launch across multiple tiers, so we are going to be launching at the high tier with products in 800 class as well as the 400 and 200 class, so we are going to be refreshing those portfolios as well as we go into '16, so I think it's going to be a broad based launch and the way to think about at least the way we think about is you are you're adding a new tier which is the premium LTE tier, but also replacing the tier which is now sitting a TDS CDMA, so those blended numbers may not produce the premium uplift hat you are thinking about, but I think that's a good trend for us broadly as the business.
Steve Mollenkopf: Brian, this is Steve. On your question about the competitive environment, it's obviously a very competitive market. A lot of people are going after the market, but we feel good about our leadership position and actually I would say it's a leadership position across tiers and across multiple technologies in the tiers. For example, we have been launching - we announced and are now ramping the 64-bit products across tiers that go along with the LTE and we think that's going to be an important component of how we compete and continue to compete moving forward. Just being ahead of people and being ahead of them across tiers, I also think that that will be very important outside of China as well, which as you build a strong position in LTE across tiers and you use that to convert the emerging markets as well, so we feel pretty good about where that sits right now from what we are seeing in the accounts.
Steve Mollenkopf: Tim, this is Steve, I will hit the first part. I don't have answer to the second one. Maybe my colleagues can work on that while I am first part. On LTE, that's actually one of our premium areas, so we tend to have - that tends to be a good area for us in terms of pricing. As I previously mentioned, in addition to supporting that in the premium tier, we also support that across tiers and part of the purpose of doing that is to accelerate the transition globally to multimode 3G/4G, so therefore we actually we do have chipsets specifically designed to hit the price points of mass-market smartphones and even and even the transition things like that TDS CDMA volume into the TD LTE volume as well, so it's really a mixed and today the majority, actually the vast majority of our chipsets support LTE and as has been our practice, we supported across tiers, so it's really a very much at a mix. Now, because we have a leadership position and we think we can maintain leadership position because we were really several generations of folks, we have been able to - that has been good for the business and we are endeavoring to keep that going.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve. On the three-mode, five-mode, we have designs on both and we actually have the ability to do on the same chip, so we are prepared, whichever way that goes.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve. Just one more note really on the units is that if you look at the units in QCT, they are probably up actually relative to what it would have been a quarter ago, and I think that's indicative of some strength across different OEMs as the mix has moved around a bit, so they are up and actually it has been really strong and that gives us some confidence also to make the statements that we made with respect to the full-year calendar numbers which is really where George's comments went to, so we are seeing an up uplift on units in the next semiconductor business.
Steve Mollenkopf: On tax rate, it's 15% actually in the quarter, but that includes a catch up from the agreement for the first quarter. I would say the baseline run rate that we seeing today based on the agreement would come down about 1% and we had forecasted in roughly 17% or 19% just under 18% for the year. That's coming down now to 60% but some of that is the effect of the one-time element. Now I'll remind you that does not include any benefit for the benefit for the R&D tax credit, which would have an effect when and if it is renewed and we are also seeing a little bit benefit this year from the mix effects on the tax rate because we are seeing a little bit more revenue in QCT relative to QTL for all the reasons we discussed earlier on the call and that has a positive impact on the tax rates for the year, so 16% is sort of the baseline run rate for the year, little below that in the second quarter. With respect to the China litigation, I would say it's hard to say really. I think there's technology leadership tends to jump most concerns actually and that's what we are seeing. In fact if anything in that market we are seeing probably more concern about our ability to be able to supply as much as we have. We are probably fighting more demand than less demand I guess and trying to make sure that we can be supply given how quickly the people are ramping up the desire to chipsets which is helpful. On the QCT margin, I think the main thing to take away is it's going the way that the plan we laid out in fact I am very pleased with the organization being able to shift and be able to do that things that are applying pressure, I mean, we do see the opportunity to work on our supply chain both, from a supply assurance but also from a cost perspective and we are interested in making sure that those things happen, but the main thing is I think we have good visibility into how that's going to layout and it's going according to plan.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. On the baseband side, it's actually not a new trend for people to kick off their own baseband designs. The history of that is that tend not to be successful in particular are not terribly successful at the leading technology tier. That's really where the majority of the margin is and we have been able to maintain and I would submit that's it's actually probably harder to do that today than it would've been in the past just because technology is moving and it's moving across multiple mode, so I don't know if I see that as the biggest concern right now. We have not entertained a licensing model so far and it's actually quite difficult to do with the modem unlike and something like an ARM core or CPU or graphics, because there's so much technology and so much fieldwork that you have to do to make sure that those things work globally. In fact that's one of the areas that helps us are just our global scale. It is very difficult for people to repeat even if they are large OEMs, so that's one of the things complicates doing a licensing model. It has not been really one of our strategies moving forward on the baseband. In terms of performance relative to some of the others on the tablet side, we feel very good about that actually. If you look at our power performance, we feel good but then also the name of the game there is really performance and feature set across a wide range of technologies. They have to look at things across the entire multimedia camera graphics modem connectivity and CPU and people tend to compete with us on one or two of those factors, usually just one but not across all of them and that's really what's important in the phone space and important in the tablet space. One of the things that we are hopeful for down the road, it's consistent with my remarks is that Microsoft putting Office Suite on OSs other than Windows that really opens up I think the tablet device to be more than just a media consumption device and it becomes much more of a productivity device, so we are anxiously awaiting that the results of how the market excepts that, so we tend to think of our position from the smartphone is being the place to attack the tablet market versus the other way around when we look at it, so we feel pretty good actually where our product family looks relative to those aspects.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. On supply constraints, I really mentioned, it's something that's cleared up actually in this quarter and we are I think well ahead of it now, but I really mentioned it to provide color as to the demand picture in China. We are seeing significant ramp up demand, and the way the China market works, it tends to have a little bit less headway or lead time relative to some of the other markets and it's also the way that that new product launches are intense technology launches work, so I mentioned that not to highlight a problem, but more to highlight the intensity of the demand picture in LTE, but that does get cleared up in the quarter as I said. In terms of a carrier aggregation, it really is the key feature set. This year and although I only you have only mentioned mention seven tiers, they tend to be the carriers that pushed number one a lot of volume, they also push the key design win, so North America, Korea, Japan and Europe are dealing with very complicated spectrum allocation pictures and they tend to be the places that determine where key designs are won or lost, so the number of carriers are growing, but also the significance of those carriers is actually probably more than just one on the scale of one, so we tend to do well. That' tends to be like any new modem feature something that helps our margins and that we have a whole list of them of them that are coming out, so that's really what we have been good at doing. On Wi-Fi a lot of them are shipping. If you think about our Wi-Fi business, it's really an extension of our platform business, so if you look at the tiers from the low tiers moving up, we have been steadily increasing the attach rate of our Wi-Fi in fact with the exception of a small number of flagship devices. I think we are closing even that window as well, so pretty pleased with what's happening with Wi-Fi. I think long-term, you are going to see Wi-Fi moves a triplet, we are going to have a high-end AP, the high-end mode feature set and the high-end connectivity feature set traveling together as a triplet and we feel like we are in a unique position to provide that.
Steve Mollenkopf: Yes. We haven't really got into a disclosure of a breakdown of revenue by region, I think, for QTL specifically. I think you have decent sense of where the selling prices are in the region and in the units and probably can sort of try to back calculate where that ends up, but we haven't provided that specific guidance point in the past.
Steve Mollenkopf: Well, I just want to thank everybody for being on the call today and I know it's probably been a little bit different shape of the year 2014 in the mix of QTL and QCT, but I think we tend to be very enthusiastic about the future and we are doing I think the things that we need to do to position the business broadly into what is I think unique set of opportunities if you look at the growth of smartphones in China and LTE in China and really the growth of those same technologies into adjacent markets. We feel like we are really doing the right things to be well positioned, so I appreciate everybody being on the call and we will talk to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Derek Aberle: Simona, this is Derek. On externally imply growth rate that you guys calculate, we were at 3.08 last quarter and kind of indicated we expected that the trend in Q2. It did come up a little bit to 3.11, but frankly I we expected it would be a bit higher and it was hit by a couple of things. One was the timing of some of the cash-based payments we now have from some of the smaller licensees, little bit of OEM mix and then also a higher percentage of the TODS hitting the caps with things like tablets and the strength that still remains in ASPs in the developed regions. As we look ahead to the year, I think we gave the range in November of sort of 31 to 33 for the full-year, full fiscal '14 and I think just given away the year is playing out we've seen for instance a little bit higher deductions from some of the price discounting that went on in the early part of years, year before some of the iconic phones we expect to come out here in the back half. We've also again as I said had a higher percentage of things hitting cap, so I think we are now looking at it and assuming for the year we would likely to be towards the low end of the 31 to 33 range for fiscal '14.
Derek Aberle: Tim, this is Derek. Let me try that. I'll just take those one-by-one, maybe I will jump into North America first actually, so I think this was pretty widely seen across a number of the OEMs. Really in North America, in particular is where we saw the softness in the developed regions in the December quarter and I think it was kind of a combination of a couple things, but one of the key drivers was many of the operators appear to have really more stringently enforced, the two-year upgrade cycles versus kind of their historical practice I think in an effort to try to move more people to their early upgrade programs and at least initially end of the December quarter kind of the net-net of that was negative and we saw a slowdown in the replacement cycle. I don't know if you have caught, but AT&T reported just in the last day or so and it looks like they had a pretty interesting shift in Q1 of replacements going to the early upgrade program, so what we have kind of done for the calendar '14 year is assume we had already had a reduction in the replacement rate into our calendar '14 numbers and we have taken a little bit further reduction on that in North America, but there are at least some early signs that more people are embracing the early upgrade programs and so we will have to kind of wait and see how that plays out in terms of driving the replacement rate in developed regions. In China, I think again approximately 11 million units that we were down in the December quarter, primarily from China although there were some impact in a couple of the regions as well really is again consistent with the data that I think that has come out of the China market in terms of a slowdown before the LTE launch and I think what got reported to us I think is largely consistent with what sort of people expected after the reporting came in for the December quarter. Again, I think more of a market dynamic in terms of a slowdown before the LTE launch. Then as George pointed out earlier, what we saw coming into the March quarter is, I think it's very clear to the OEMs that the subsidy will be shifting from 3G to 4G devices in the near future so I think an effort really to kind of believe the channel of TDS CDMA, which is having a negative impact on us from a QTL standpoint in the in the March quarter. Again, we continue to be very vigilant in our compliance activities in China, and as I have said in the past, there is always a certain amount of leakage there, but we continue to do all the things that we think that worked well for us in the past and we are going to continue to stay on top of that, but I think really you are seeing a lot of market dynamics driving the results there.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek. On kind of the shift from TDS CDMA to LTE, again I think we are seeing as in the March quarter, I think in anticipation of the shift in subsidy from 3G to LTE devices that's coming really the OEMs pretty aggressively trying to try to burn through the inventory there, so we saw a pretty meaningful increase in sales in the March quarter and that also had the effect of love cannibalizing to some extent the WCDMA and feeding a volumes in China. As Steve has commented on, we really are seeing know the supply chain, the OEM base really aggressively prepared the launch and growth of LTE devices so I think we will continue to see some amount of TDS CDMA sales. We believe they really be pushed to the to the very lowest tiers of devices. LTE is already starting to come in the low tier as well, so I think that there is going to be pretty accelerated transition as LTE takes off.
Derek Aberle: Ehude, this is Derek. On the tablet caps, yes, you are right. We put that in as a voluntary program and I have to say obviously we have been a little bit disappointed with the uptake on the connected attach rates for tablets, but the good news is I think we are starting to finally see some positive signs both in terms of the way that the operators are approaching data plans and some of the incentives that are being provided to drive more WAN connected tablets and then also kind of the on-ramp in some emerging regions where Wi-Fi is no less established than in the develop regions, so I kind of feel like we are bit at an inflection point and you know this would not be the right time to look at altering kind of the licensing model around tablets, but we will continue to monitor the marketing and see where things go. On the QCT operating margin, yes we do expect it to be above 20% at the end of the year. As we said in our of guidance coming out the analyst meeting that the we see 20 to 22 moving from an 18% to 20% regime to more of a 20% to 22%-type operating margin. We might not get there in '15 as we indicated on at that time because the dynamics around the supply chain for 20 nanometer devices, so we will see how that plays out. We are still confident we can meet with an 18% to 20% range, but we haven't taken '15 up yet in line with our long-term view.
Derek Aberle: Stacy, this is Derek. Let me try your first question. Really, let me try to break into quarter, so I think there was a few different dynamics which were playing out over different periods of time in China. In the December quarter, again, which I think this is pretty consistent with know the data that's come out of China since December. Really, we believe it was more of a slowdown of the 3G device sales, kind of a pause in the purchase cycle from folks that anticipated LTE launching a little bit earlier than it did in '14, so there was that slowdown at that point. Then when you shift over into maybe at the tail end of the December quarter, but really in earnest in the March quarter, I think the realization that the subsidy dollars were going to go away as it related to the TDS CDMA devices. There was this window in which the OEMs really decide to aggressively push the TDS CDMA devices and those tend to be, I mean, they are kind of a broad portfolio, but they certainly create quite a bit of competition against China Unicom, China Telecom in the mid to low tier, so when TDS CDMA does well, it does have an impact on the volumes by the other operators in China, so it's really sort of the two effects there. Then again I think most less expected the ramp to move little bit more quickly on LTE and for variety of reasons that's pushed out a bit, yet again all indications from the supply chain are that everybody is aggressively getting ready for that to happen very shortly. On the units guide, we said last quarter that we thought there were some upside to that and really what we are saying is that with the push out in timing that really it's more backend loaded, so we would probably be a little more cautious in our view, but we are holding guidance. In terms of OpEx, the teams have done a very good job of looking for opportunities to defer, reduce wherever we can. We do have some things that we know we are going to have to get to on the product roadmap and also on some supply chain initiatives and just some general cost escalations, so we will be coming up a little bit, but I would say that we are going to be still meeting our objective of only being up 6% year-over-year and exiting the year at a lower run rate in OpEx, coming out of '14 than we had going into '14 and that's for the whole company and for QCT.
