Steven M. Mollenkopf: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. QCT had another strong year, with record revenues up 37% year-over-year, driven by record shipments of 590 million MSM chipsets, which were up 22% year-over-year. In the fiscal fourth quarter, we shipped approximately 141 million MSM chipsets, above the midpoint of our prior guidance. Revenue per MSM was up approximately 9% sequentially, driven by a greater mix of multimode 3G LTE devices, which more than doubled quarter-over-quarter and made up approximately 1/3 of our shipments exiting the quarter as expected. Similarly, shipments of our new dual-core MSM8960 tripled quarter-over-quarter as demand for our integrated application processors continues to grow. Demand for our 28-nanometer products remained strong, including significant design activity on our follow-on chipsets. As expected, we ramped our 28-nanometer supply significantly in the fiscal fourth quarter, and we remain on track to match our current 28-nanometer demand profile exiting the December quarter. Our industry-leading modem technology continues to be a tremendous differentiator for us. As modem complexity continues to increase with multimode and multiband requirements, we are well-positioned with a single solution that offers a true global modem, supporting all cellular modes including CDMA, WCDMA, TD-SCDMA and both LTE TDD and LTE FDD, as well as the approximately 40 related RF bands. In addition, we recently sampled our third-generation multimode 3G/LTE chipset, the MDM 9x25, which is also a global modem that adds support for LTE category 4 and carrier aggregation. We believe our first 28-nanometer Snapdragon product, the dual-core MSM8960 with integrated 3G/LTE has become the global standard for combined performance and battery life, powering recent flagship devices such as the Samsung Galaxy S III, the HTC 8X, the Motorola RAZR M and the new Nokia Lumia phones. As carriers deploy LTE networks, they are looking to Qualcomm as the leader in multimode LTE for smartphones. For example, KDDI, NTT DOCOMO and SoftBank announced 27 new smartphones in Japan in October, and 24 of those were powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon processors. Since releasing the MSM8960, 15 OEMs have launched devices with this chipset across 19 carriers around the globe. The 8960 was our fastest integrated product to ship 100 million units. Our OEM customers have also moved quickly to adopt the Snapdragon S4 Pro, which includes our latest Adreno 320 GPU, 4 Krait CPU cores and is paired with an MDM9x15 multimode LTE modem. Early reviews show that this product has set a new bar for multitasking and graphics performance. The first OEM devices based on this platform include the Google Nexus 4, LG Optimus G and Xiaomi MI2, and we expect more leading devices on this platform to be announced soon. Smartphone demand in emerging regions is growing rapidly, and we continue to invest in our Qualcomm Reference Design program to help service a new group of emerging customer accounts. The program now has over 40 OEM customers and 100 commercially launched devices. And this quarter we expanded our road map to include the new Snapdragon quad-core MSM8x25Q and our new 28-nanometer based MSM8930 with an integrated global modem. We are pleased to see the initial launch of Windows RT devices, including the Snapdragon-based Samsung ATIV Tab and the Dell XPS 10. While this early, we are positioned to benefit from this new category as our Qualcomm Snapdragon chipsets are the only chipsets to power both Windows smartphones and these new mobile computing devices. Our mobile connectivity solutions, which include integrated Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and FM continue to be used by the vast majority of our customers' designs for their 28-nanometer S4 devices. As we mentioned on the last call, we expect a strong December quarter for QCT as our supply of 28-nanometer chipsets continues to ramp and our partners launch a broad lineup of handsets for the holiday quarter. We are expecting record MSM shipments of between 168 million and 178 million units in the first fiscal quarter, up approximately 19% to 26% sequentially, with revenue per MSM also up sequentially. In fiscal 2013, we expect multimode 3G/LTE shipments for smartphones to constitute a much greater percentage of our mix, which we estimate will significantly increase our average revenue per MSM versus fiscal 2012. We also expect our 3G/LTE leadership and broad-tiered road map to help increase our design traction within key customer accounts. Leadership across multiple technologies require to succeed in mobile remains our strategic priority for our business, and we are increasing our R&D investments in fiscal 2013, including investments in our modem, the application processor and driving new process technologies, as well as our reference design effort. That concludes my remarks. I look forward to seeing many of you in San Diego at our upcoming analyst event. I will now turn the call over to Bill Keitel.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Tim, this is Steve. On the low end, it's pretty much playing out the way that we've discussed and/or described over the last year or so, which is pretty competitive market at the low end. It's very crowded a bit competitively, and people are really pricing aggressively in order to get share or to maintain share. So we expect that to continue to some degree as we talked about for some time. One thing I should mention too, earlier I misspoke a bit. I said that the MSM8960 was our fastest product to 100 million units. It actually should have been 10 million units. Apologize for that. It's 10 million units.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Brian, this is Steve. On your first question about LTE, yes, LTEs become really a table stakes feature at the high end. And it's something that we have not only in our modem product line but also in the application processor line as you know. And it's become tiered now when you look at our 28-nanometer shipments, meaning that we have multiple tiers of AP shipping LTE now integrated. Moving into next year, we expect that feature set to turnover, meaning that the LTE solutions that we're shipping today will add additional bands, they'll also add different data rates, as well as carrier aggregation. I talked about how we had been sampling our new design as well, which is our third generation. So we think that's moving quite fast, and we think it's going to be a very difficult situation to come into that market. But as you know, everyone is trying to do that. So we expect a number of competitors to go after portions of that market. But I think getting the worldwide SKU, we're going to try to make it very difficult.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Kulbinder, this is Steve. On the first question, what you're seeing in the QCT business is we have the strategy, and it's particularly true on the high end of trying to set the design -- essentially the design point for the industry really create an integrated product that leads in multiple dimensions. Those dimensions, graphics, modem, connectivity, what have you, we continue to invest pretty heavily in. And we think that, that strategy is working, particularly as you look at the outlook in '13. We feel that we'll be able to really see a significant year-over-year growth because of that, as Bill mentioned. The other thing that you're seeing as well is we are transitioning through nodes at a faster pace than we have done historically. So we have, probably on a historical basis, a bit more VLSI investment consistent with transitioning through nodes quickly. We think that, over time, it'll be very difficult for people to continue to keep up with that level of technology innovation. That's essentially our strategy on the high end, and it seems to be paying off right now. We're going to continue it through the next year. And as Bill said, we're pretty excited about where we think that's going to lead. Particularly at a time when the smartphone and the tablet are converging, we think long term.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Yes. It's really referencing the fourth quarter that we just reported on. So we believe it's going to increase through the year. And as I said, there will be a sequential increase for Q1. As I mentioned in my remarks earlier, fairly significant sequential increase.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure. So on your first question, what we've continued to believe, and it's been our strategy for some time, is that we believe that for mobile, you have to have expertise across multiple areas. You have to be able to innovate across multiple dimensions, the modem, the application processor, graphics, connectivity. And probably even more importantly, you need to be able to put those together in some sort of integrated product, where you control the architecture. Because there are a number of different trade-offs that are required. And we've been able to do that over the years and significantly here over the last several years, 8960 being a great example of an area where we've had -- we were the first people to come out with the new micro-architecture for the ARM, CPU, as well as integrated LTE and brand-new graphics core. It's really important for mobile, we think, to put those all together in one package and really optimize the architecture for what's required for mobile. And we've benefited from that. And you're seeing that in the benchmark. So that's our strategy. We're going to continue that moving forward. We're pretty happy with where the roadmap goes to be able to do that moving forward. Incidentally, I think that's also one of the reasons why you're seeing some people who have expertise in one area, let's say CPU or GPU, try to add the other expertise areas. Because it's very difficult to compete unless you have them all. With respect to seasonality, let me clarify my comments. For the fourth quarter, we have been talking about how we thought that exiting the fourth quarter we thought supply and demand of 28-nanometer would be matched. By implication, the starting point or the beginning part of the quarter, meaning the October and September time frame, we are still burning off excess or not enough supply. And by the way, these are calendar quarters. So I'm talking about the December quarter. Now going into March, we feel that we have supply and demand imbalance. And we think that, that will be the case, really, exiting the December month. So hopefully that clarifies it.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mark, this is Steve. Maybe I'll take a piece of that. One of the things that we're seeing, particularly at the high end, is that the customers, they're really very, very -- these launches are global. And the global launches essentially have caused the high end of anybody's smartphone portfolio to absorb technology very quickly. But it's technology that's really the union of all the technologies, all the modem technologies, for example, across the world. And what we've seen is that we've been able to leverage, to some degree, a design win in one geography and be able to move that to another geography. And I think that's just consistent with the way the high end of the market is moving. It's very fast paced in terms of the means at which -- or the speed at which it's taking technology.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure. The ASP uptick is really a combination of better modem features, as well as better application processor features, in really selling more and more of the integrated products. On connectivity, what we've really added throughout fiscal year '12 was the ability to attach wireless LAN to our solutions. As you know, we've had very strong attach on GPS and GLONASS here recently, Bluetooth and FM. With the integration strategy that we have, we've added wireless LAN. And as I've mentioned really throughout the year and have reiterated here today, the vast majority of our 28-nanometer S4 designs use our integrated wireless LAN. So we're very pleased at how that's going right now. And we're really trying deliver on the fan-out that we've been able to get. For -- in our view, we think the integration strategy really works across all of these technologies.
William E. Keitel: Tim, I'll take the first -- second part of your question on the gross margins. Let me just say, for our first fiscal quarter of 2013, we do expect a nice increase in QCT's operating margins. I won't comment on the gross margin, and I won't give specifics on the Q1 operating margin for QCT. But I think we'll share a little more color next week at the analyst meeting. But again, we do expect a nice pick up in QCT's operating margin in fiscal Q1.
William E. Keitel: I think it's a combination of things, Simona. One, you're going to get a timing difference between the MSM shipment and the impact into our Licensing business. So that would be number one. But number two, we are -- as Derek said, the high end of the market seems to be playing out pretty strongly here in the near term. So you're going to see more of effect of that initially. Through -- later through the year though, as Derek did say, we do expect the emerging markets to be growing at a faster pace than developed markets. So I think some of it's -- a lot of what you're seeing there is just timing, Simona.
William E. Keitel: I would say on Windows RT, in our guidance here we've been cautious. But looking out in time, we're cautiously optimistic.
William E. Keitel: And Brian, to your second question, the reason that revenue growth is greater than earnings per share growth is simply the difference in margins between QCT and QTL. Now we're expecting QCT next year to grow at a substantially higher rate than QTL. That is the primary difference. There's a small amount of difference as well, because we don't forecast realized gains on our cash and marketable securities portfolio beyond what we have clear visibility on. And that tends to be a very near-term picture. So those are the 2 factors. The great majority, though, being the fact that QCT we expect to be growing at a much faster pace than QTL, albeit both businesses we expect to grow double digit.
William E. Keitel: Yes, Ehud, this is Bill. Yes, we monitor the OEMs as you do. Obviously, we're able to engage probably at a more detailed level. There's -- as we mentioned, we're seeing -- Steve Mollenkopf and Paul describing this way that the OEM market is kind of getting to be a barbell, where you have one end of the barbell with names that we all recognize. But the other end of the barbell has a lot of names that very few people recognize concentrated in Asia. And it's the -- it's that visible name in one end of the barbell that people tend to focus on and where data is more readily available. The other end of the barbell, the data can be hard to come by. So I think that's probably a key difference between what you're rolling up, and what we're rolling up.
William E. Keitel: On the TRDS question, total reported device sales, I hope is that we have more visibility than you or others do. We've tended to do reasonably well with our forecast. I'm hopeful that we're going to hold that pattern here going forward.
William E. Keitel: Sure, Rod. Yes, next year, we expect R&D to grow at a rate substantially higher than SG&A. We're pretty excited about the R&D investment opportunity ahead. And at the same time, I think we're pretty pleased that we think we'll be able to get a lot of leverage -- operating leverage out of the SG&A we got in place. So we expect R&D to grow at a rate substantially higher than SG&A. What you're seeing in fiscal Q4 is just we're on that ramp. The expenses came in a little bit higher. Now we did point out that we did have an impairment charge in the quarter. It was a $54 million impairment charge related to our display business, which as I think everybody's aware, we're -- we've shifted our focus there a bit. And that impairment follows on that shift in focus. But other than that, we're on a ramp here that there's a fast growth in R&D because of the exciting opportunities ahead.
William E. Keitel: The impairment was charged to SG&A. So I brought that up in the context of our total operating expenses.
William E. Keitel: Well, it -- I would say there weren't that many. I don't see a lot of non-recurring elements in our fourth quarter R&D. The largest R&D program in Qualcomm today is 4G LTE along with 28-nanometer. That is our largest program in Qualcomm today.
William E. Keitel: Stacy, this is Bill. I'll take the mirasol one first. There are savings built into our guidance. We had indicated earlier this year that we would be -- we're executing on a plan that would deliver savings, and those are built into our guidance. On the question on share gains, we are targeting to do better in QCT. There is a -- we've got both a richer mix, and we're targeting to capture more design wins as we go forward here. So it's a combination of the 2, Stacy.
William E. Keitel: Ian, this is Bill. On the first question for 2012, yes, we did increase our estimates. It's disclosed on our website, I assume that's where you saw it. For 2012, China and India by 15 million units. And then that was offset with some reductions that we think are occurring elsewhere. The -- between the -- that emerging market estimate, it's primarily China. And that's really extrapolating off the trends we're seeing. I think many are seeing it's a very, very active smartphone market, both the consumers are high consumer take rate and we think a good operator experience as well.
William E. Keitel: James, this is Bill. On the device ASP, emerging markets having a larger effect on the total average. The -- although emerging market units are growing faster than the developed markets are, the total dollar value of the developed TRDS is far greater than the emerging market TRDS. And so we're ways away from that crossing over where emerging market dollar value is equal to or greater than the developed market. But I think we're planning a little more color on this next week. So I'll leave that point there. And Paul, do you want to talk about...
William E. Keitel: This is Bill. On the -- we are going to get a little more detail on -- next week on replacement rates. It's the -- it's more of a growth in demand and growth in 3G relative to 2G. The replacement rate is still a positive factor. But we think it's going to be a little bit less of a factor in 2013 as compared to 2012. But we'll get in, I think, into some more detail on that next week.
William E. Keitel: The -- Craig, the primary driver when you're looking year-over-year at either estimating the gross margin or looking on our guidance on the operating margin, it's really the facts that we see the QCT business growing at a significantly higher rate than the QTL business. And obviously, QTL gross margins and operating margins are much higher than they are for QCT. But both businesses were looking to grow by double digit next year. It's just QCT at a much higher rate. And for both businesses, we'll get a little more into operating margin discussion next week. But both of them, we expect, to perform a very good and healthy operating margin next year.
Derek K. Aberle: This is Derek. Let me go ahead and take that one. I think as we've said in the past, over the longer term, we should see some amount of erosion in the ASP. I think as you look ahead to next year, and we'll provide some more color on this next week, I think there's going to be somewhat offsetting trends. I think we are expecting to see more volume coming from the emerging regions. But then sort of offsetting that to some extent, we're seeing more higher percentage of devices at the highest tier in some of the developed regions, and also we expect, as we've said in the past, ASPs in some of the emerging regions that have been quite low to continue to increase with more smartphone penetration cannibalizing the feature phone. So I think all that kind of nets out together to relatively flat picture going forward next year.
Derek K. Aberle: I think we've been -- as the volume goes up and down quarterly, the volumes themselves have changed, but I think the percentage of total units that are coming from tablets have been relatively constant. I think we'll kind of have to wait and see how things play out going forward with Windows RT and some of the other Android tablets coming into the market over the next year.
Derek K. Aberle: This is Derek. Let me try to answer your question on the rate. As we've pointed out kind of repeatedly, we do tend to see quarterly fluctuations in the rate. And it's for a variety of factors that can move it around. And last quarter, obviously, the TRDS was a bit higher than came in this quarter. So that's an impact, and we actually saw with some of this growth at the high end of the market a larger percentage of devices hitting the caps that we have in place. So that's going to have an impact on the rate. I think we're not prepared today to talk about what we see going forward. But hopefully, we can give you some color on that next week. What we did say a couple of quarters ago is we expected to finish up the year towards the low end of the 3.4% to 3.5% indicator we gave at the outset of the year. And I think we're pretty close to that. It's where we ended up.
Derek K. Aberle: This is Derek. Let me just try to take part of that, and then if Paul wants to add on. I think there's still -- even though the pricing from smartphone is coming down tier, which obviously is a positive for driving growth, there still is a meaningful gap between sort of the lower-end smartphone and the low-end 2G or 3G feature phones that have been sold before those became available. So as we look out and we see the trends, I think we do continue to expect, even as the prices come down, a combination of more people buying at a higher price than they were historically on a feature phone as well as people migrating to even the higher-tier devices will provide some stability there.
Paul E. Jacobs: In terms of getting leverage on the R&D investments outside of things Steve has been talking about, obviously, we have a pretty significant investment in supporting multiple operating systems and being, let's say, cautiously optimistic about kind of the revenue growth derived from that in the near term. But I would think that those are great growth opportunities looking out. And then we're also doing reasonable amount of R&D in new areas to deal with the data growth and really satisfying customer demand there. And then finally, new R&D in other growth markets that are adjacent. And we'll get into some of those discussions in the Analyst Meeting on where we see the opportunities.
Paul E. Jacobs: If we look at the EDGE smartphone market, I mean, we believe that's a transitional step. Obviously, people aren't going to be satisfied with the EDGE experience when it comes to the kind of content that many people are consuming on their smartphones, high-bandwidth content like video. The other thing is WiFi is going to tap out because it's going to be interference limited. And the nice thing about the licensed band technologies that you can cause the base stations to manage interference among themselves. And that's the kind of technologies that we're going to be bringing to the market over the next few years. And those, I think, will drive the kind of capacities of the network at very, very much decreased cost points. So the wireless operators are going to be in a position to really supply a lot better data experience, lot better quality of service over the 3G and 4G networks. And so while we love WiFi and we sell an awful lot of WiFi through Atheros, we believe in it for offload, it's not going to be the solution for the mass of smartphones and tablets going forward.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes. So I think you've seen that we're focused on returning capital to shareholders. And we're going to continue to be focused on doing that, as well as investing into research and development and -- because we see the opportunity ahead of us as being so great. But the board, obviously, looks at cash flows when they determine the dividend policy. And we'll continue to look to be opportunistic on the buybacks as well. So I think the one thing that could make a step function difference in these things is hopefully, we'll see some corporate tax reform and go to territorial system going forward. And that would have a significant impact on that as well.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes, I just wanted to say I'm really happy that the year turned out so well. And it was a little harder year than I had anticipated. Obviously, the very beginning of the year, we had our engineering teams working feverishly to get chipsets done. They did that so well. And then we ran into supply constraints and had talked to customers about not being able to give them everything that they wanted, and you add that to a somewhat uncertain macroeconomic environment. But in the end of the day, global demand for data and for mobile data and smartphones and tablets and all these device just pulled it really through. And I think that's a testament to the employee base, the focus that they had and just the worldwide excitement around mobile technology. And now looking forward, continue to execute with great team of people. We've got some great products coming out that we're already getting good traction on. A lot of new technologies, a lot of very interesting markets that are expanding. I'm very, very excited by the opportunities that lie in front of us. So I hope to see you all next week, and we'll get chance to go into a little bit more detail on that. I just wanted to say thanks, everybody, for the support.
