George S. Davis: Yes. Hi, Mike. This is George. The cost savings will come in over time, as you would expect, throughout the year. We'll have some front loading, but we see costs actually based on the timing that's required for meeting the roadmap requirements and other factors spreading it out. But we expect the cost savings to be fully realized by the end of the year. And if you average out what we expect, we think about $600 million will come out in the fiscal year.
George S. Davis: Sure. In terms of the Snapdragon 810, I think probably the biggest single impact as we look at the year – first off, again, much like the fourth quarter, it's almost entirely attributable to changes in the premium tier and certainly the socket loss at a major vertical customer. And so that would typically have been a customer for the Snapdragon 810 for their new-generation devices. But it's also been a factor of the impacts that are happening in the premium tier overall, that we're seeing SKUs other than the leading SKUs that are not selling through at the levels that customers thought that are impacting some of our premium tier chipsets as well. So the only other thing from a cost standpoint is we have had some increased E&O and certainly some portion of Snapdragon 810 is a part of that. But overall, it's really been more a function of the significant shift in demand that we've seen throughout the year.
George S. Davis: Hi, Blayne. This is George. On the $600 million, my point there is that we'll take $600 million of the $1.1 billion run rate out in fiscal 2016. I didn't mean to imply 2015, if that's how it came across. In terms of the inventory, we're really going to have to see how it plays out. We certainly are coming into the quarter with a significant overhang that we didn't forecast coming into the quarter. And so we will – I mean in the previous guide. So it will really depend on how our customer sell-through plays out in the quarter.
George S. Davis: Kulbinder, the cost reductions are meant to be reductions relative to the run rate that we had in 2015, so they are effectively net reductions in that sense. We'll certainly spend some more in certain areas of the company, but it's a pretty broad-based reduction, and the $1.1 billion is meant to be the amount of savings that are coming out pre-tax.
George S. Davis: So most of the cost savings that we've talked about are coming out of OpEx, although there are engineering activities within cost of sales that are part of the overall $7.3 billion base that we've talked to. In terms of COGS, we've had, as you know, for some time a significant focus on improvements in our supply chain, including some long-term agreements, some prepayment activities. We've said that we expected to start to see the fruits of those things after 2015 and getting through the initial ramp of 20-nanometer. So most of the savings we're focusing on here are really OpEx related, but we will continue to look for opportunities to improve COGS. And we have not forecasted margin improvements as part of this exercise, but of course that's something that we'll be focused on as well. In terms of the demand, the 25 million is really the number of units that is below what we had anticipated in the fourth quarter, which accounts for really the bulk of the revenue and margin decline that we're seeing. It's not necessarily just the inventory balance. So it's not – as you know, the inventory, we can look into the channel and we can certainly clearly see significant build across that channel, but to know exactly how it will come out would be hard to forecast. We just know it's going to have a significant impact in the fourth quarter.
George S. Davis: Tim, what we've said is that we're assuming that the conditions of the second half of fiscal 2015 continue. And so you can – but saying I'm not going to guide 2016 revenues.
George S. Davis: Tal, on the revenue per MSM in the third quarter, you're right. It wasn't terribly different than expectations as the quarter pretty much on an operating basis came in where we thought it would. But you did see higher MSMs. Those are really part of the story of us having stronger than expected share in the low tier in China in the third quarter. That just created a little bit weaker mix. We're actually seeing some of that. As we said, we expect to see lower low-tier volumes in China in Q4. That was already in our forecast in our prior guidance. So we actually get a little bit of mix benefit in the fourth quarter even though overall it's not as strong as we would have thought because we had a much better premium tier mix in our original expectations.
George S. Davis: So on the seasonality, again, I think the effects that we're seeing in the marketplace of concentration and again, as we said, the pullback in unit share that we're seeing in the low tier in China, I think those things dominate our view of the MSM situation I think much more than the seasonality adjustment would explain.
George S. Davis: So let me take the COGS savings question first. We have had, like I said previously, we've had a keen focus on leveraging our scale throughout the industry to make sure that we have competition for the volumes among our foundry partners, and we believe we have a very good roadmap to maximize the cost of our use of that supply chain over time. And we had cited as part of the reason we would be off on margins at the start of this year that we are really coming out of a situation where we had, at 20-nanometer, a less than optimal COGS situation. That being said, volume matters, and we've seen some of the issues that came with lower than expected volumes, so we're not quite seeing some of the benefits. As volume recovers, we would expect to see that. But the basic structural changes that we need to make in terms of working with a broad range of very capable foundry partners is part of our existing plan, so we're not really making a change to that. That being said, of course, it's critical that we get both margin expansion as well as improvement in the OpEx areas, and we'll be very focused on that. And as we make progress beyond what is in our base plan already, we'll keep you informed.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Mike, this is Steve. Just very quickly on programs. Essentially what we're doing is we're going to protect our IP roadmaps. We are not going to withdraw from tiers. We're going to do some changes to how we're doing things and where we're putting employees, and obviously, we'll be out talking to customers and making sure they're comfortable with that as well. But I think you're looking at a case where we've had some significant growth and we're trying to get our cost structure in advance or trying to react to what's happening in the industry and get ahead of it, and I think we'll be healthier as a result. But we're going to definitely be continuing to invest in the roadmap.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Hi, Tim. If you look at the fourth quarter effects that we're talking about, they're effectively all premium tier. I know Derek may want to jump in, in a minute, on the TRDS point. So our design traction in the premium tier has not had any change. So we did cite that we had lower volumes at one vertical OEM, which you could describe it as share loss. But overall, it's really the fact that we have this concentrated environment and a very large impact on a number of our premium tier customers as a result of that. The other piece is we cited in China that certain handset models using our chipsets had lower demand than was forecasted going into the quarter.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Sure. Why don't I ask George to handle the first one? I'll be happy to do the second part about separation.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: And with regards to the separation, I think each individual time that we've looked at this, the circumstances were different. I think we've looked at it a number of times over the last decade and a half. Today, given that we're on the other side of the NDRC investigation, the structure of the industry, how we're looking at the market, I think it's time to take a fresh look, and I think that's what we're describing. There's no foregone conclusion either way here. But we want to make sure we do a thorough look to make sure that we're looking at all ways to drive shareholder value. One of the reasons that we look at our board composition, we do have some new eyes coming in that can help us look at that as well with some unique experience, so we're going to go through the process and we will update you shortly.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: With respect to the carrier aggregation question in China, China Telecom has already launched. It's starting to work its way through the design cycle and through the ecosystem. China Mobile is expected to launch at the end of this calendar year. And we think this will be a good dynamic and has been anticipated in our roadmap, as you may know. The other dynamic that's happening in China is just also is just the desire for the Chinese OEMs to be exporters, and that's also been a good trend for us. But we're looking forward to this carrier aggregation launch happening in China.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Stacy, on the planning assumptions that we used, we think that the second half gives you a pretty balanced view. We saw weak mix in the third quarter. We obviously see a very difficult environment in the fourth quarter. And really it's meant to be a planning assumption so that we can give some sense of where we see the company and QCT in particular on margins coming out at the end of next year. We believe there are certainly upsides and downsides to that planning assumption, but to try and forecast what that means for 2016 until we get closer is too difficult at this point. So we'll do that in November, and we'll have a better view whether we're in a weaker or stronger situation.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Tal, this is Steve. I'll give my answer to the first one. Perhaps my colleagues can jump in on the second one. With regards to M&A, we obviously have CSR outstanding and getting to the point soon here where we hope to be talking about that as something that influences earnings, obviously something that's accretive to our fiscal year 2016 plan. I don't think we've made a change in terms of our M&A stance. I will say that when we look at the management team and what we're focused on, we're very focused on delivering this cost plan. I think right now, we look at that and we say that really positions the business in a way that will really benefit the shareholders and drive value. So that's what we're focused on.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: This is Steve. My view on the vertical aspect, I would argue that what you're seeing was probably more of a product cycle issue versus a general trend. The overall difficulty of delivering MSMs or delivering something like our MSM is actually getting harder. And the same dynamics, particularly with concentration in the industry, the same dynamics that occurred over the last decade and a half to people like Nokia or Motorola with a vertical strategy, I think still happen with chipsets today. So I think I don't see that as a trend that's going forward now. Clearly with our planning assumptions for planning our OpEx, we wanted to put the business in a position where it is less susceptible to those individual design wins, which I think is part of our cost program, but I think it's going to get harder and harder. The other thing I would note too is that feedback from customers and particularly customers who you may be worried about with respect to vertical aspirations have been strong with respect to our Snapdragon 820 and other designs. So I feel like our roadmap is getting a warm reception broadly, and we just have to continue develop on it and get our cost structure in the right spot.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: This is Steve. I think our challenges are – the smartphone and the handset business continues to be an attractive market. I think we need to get our profitability up in that opportunity, which is why we're taking these changes to our cost structure and get ahead of what we see happening in the market. But equally, I think there's significant growth available to us as we leverage the IP roadmap that you develop in smartphone SoCs and take that and really fan that out into a number of new markets. If you look at what's happening across the board from every major consumer electronics industry, they're all trying to embrace the smartphone, and part of what we are doing is moving resources off of the phone space into supporting those new markets. So if we can boost profitability in our home market and take opportunity of these new or take advantage of these new opportunities in adjacent markets, I think we'll have the business back on a good track for growth.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: This is Steve. No, really we're trying to protect our IP roadmap. And obviously with the scale that we have, getting changes and making sure that we're optimal from the supply chain point of view, particularly COGS, is very important in terms of driving value. So we're continuing to protect those opportunities.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Brett, this is Steve. With respect to the low tier, I think the entire industry is actually challenged in terms of making money at the low tier. We're probably in a better position than most because of the ability to leverage our IP roadmap across the tiers. We're making some changes in this realignment plan where we're doing work to try to get the cost per head more in alignment with some of our competitors. But we still think it's an interesting opportunity for us to go after. And as George mentioned, we are assuming that this aggressive price environment continues with respect to our planning assumption on the realignment plan. So we're probably better than most in terms of where we're going, and we think it's an important market to contribute in. It will also be a market that will move more toward 4G. Today, it is split between 3G single-mode. It will move to multi-mode 4G, which should advantage us worldwide. We just need to get ourselves better set up to address it.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Ed, this is Steve. The opportunity to grow content in the device we think still exists, particularly in an environment where the LTE band proliferation continues to be very wide. We're actually quite pleased with the RF360. It's still early days. I think we have something like 350 OEM designs already on the parts, and we think that that will build over time as we start to add more capability. But the environment for growing content in the phone we still think is a good opportunity for us.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: I'd like to thank everyone for being on the call today. We are excited about our growth prospects, and the major initiatives announced today will put us in an even better position to lead the next wave of growth for the company and our industry and enhance value for our stockholders. Implementation of the plan is underway, and I look forward to updating you on our progress on a regular basis.
Derek K. Aberle - President: Stacy, this is Derek. Why don't I take the first one? I think we looked across the market. There are obviously some puts and takes, a little softness we're seeing in the premium tier and a little bit slower early parts in China for the year. But as we look at the full year, we do think that will reaccelerate in China in particular. And the net-net of the overall reevaluation of the market we still feel confident in the prior forecast that we put out there, so we're not going to adjust it at this time.
Derek K. Aberle - President: Ed, this is Derek. On the regulatory question, actually the European Union investigations that were I think announced this last week or so, really it's just a new phase of the proceeding, and it's still relatively early in their process. But it's focused really not on the licensing program of the company. It's really focused on chipset pricing and rebate type agreements. So again, as we look at it, we've commented on this quite a bit over the last couple of calls. We do believe that the result in China is unique to China. And although we could very well have other regulatory proceedings to deal with, we're very confident in our ability to defend against those.
Derek K. Aberle - President: This is Derek. Actually, there are a couple of drivers here. As we said coming out of the resolution with NDRC, we were going to need to go through this process of offering new terms to our licensees. We're getting pretty far along in that process. We've made progress. But as we noted last time, this is going to take some time, and it's a bit hard to predict. We've given you our best view on the timing of when we'll be able to conclude agreements. But some of these things take a bit longer than others, and so that's going to probably have some impact. We now think that just pushing some units out of our fiscal year into next year that we thought we may be able to get earlier, but again, it's not a change in our view as to whether we'll be able to ultimately collect royalties on those units. It's just more a question of timing. So really the process is to get these new agreements in place and get companies that were previously unlicensed for three-mode devices signed up. And again, we're going through that process now and have companies that have signed agreements and are reporting royalties to us now on three-mode, but we still have some work to do there. And then beyond that, it's a lot of the things we've talked about in the past in terms of ratcheting up the level of auditing and compliance activities in China. And ultimately, if necessary, which we always try to do everything we can to avoid this, but if we have to, enforcing the terms of our contracts that are in place there. So we're going through that process now, and we'll be updating you as we continue to progress there.
