Bill Keitel: Yeah, it was, given our past accuracy, a relatively large miss for us. So we've spent more time on it obviously. We think the bulk of the miss was just a pure ASP erosion, although there was a substantial regional mix and product mix impact as well. But the bulk of it we think was ASP erosion.. Our digging in so far is telling us that there was a fair amount of unloading of feature phones from inventory and we think there was a little more stocking up of high end there. Recall though, although we gave that guidance in November, as at that time, we really essentially had no licensee reports, that was just a pure estimate and then licensee reports came in subsequent to that. We did see some trends that I think we will use going forward namely that we see some markets that we think it is showing a trend of unloading some phones in this quarter, this will be the September quarter that we're speaking of now in preparation for the December quarter.
Bill Keitel: On the handsets, Tim, we’re looking for after this next quarter, we’re looking for improvements in both regional mix and product mix. Those are the key drivers to the ASP question you had there. Steve, you want to take that mix --.
Bill Keitel: Similar, Tim, then your question on OpEx expenses and how we exit the year, we think we will grow total OpEx expense 3% year-over-year. We’re looking for a similar modest Q3 as we’re expecting here for Q2 and then stronger pickup in Q4 of both revenues and operating margins.
Bill Keitel: In China, Tal, we think the predominant 3G sales today are low end CDMA 2000 and low end WCDMA. We’re looking for improvement as year goes on and the operators leverage the more advanced data networks and hit the product and the offerings such that they can start getting the data ARPU upwards that we’re seeing almost everywhere else around world. But right now we’re think it’s primarily low end. On TDS CDMA, we have a small amount in our estimates for the calendar year, but it’s just that a small amount. Visibility in there for us, we think is relatively low. We’re getting reports and payments on TDS CDMA but nonetheless it’s still relatively low visibility. So it’s a very small component of our forecast at this time.
Bill Keitel: I’ll take that. This is Bill, I’ll take the first part. Q1 to Q2 is sequential change is primarily three fold, one, the pickup in Samsung the past three quarters brought into this quarter, because of proper amortization was from last January. So we are not going to have that in March quarter, number one. Number two, our guidance is holding for the year and we are saying that chipset prices are coming down. We are shipping more of single chip solutions. The gross margin percentage is holding but revenue per chip and gross margin dollars per chip is coming down. Number three, we're forecasting a modest decrease in ASPs, which will have its impact on QTL Q1 to Q2, those three combined drive the difference.
Bill Keitel: On the first question, what I said about the royalty rate, again royalty rate as you had calculated based on the information we disclose that we ended the fiscal 2009, going out of fiscal 2009, rate was up approximately 3.4%. For all of fiscal 2010, we expected to average about that same rate - approximately the same rate, not including the $71 million of Samsung revenues that were earned last year were properly accounted for in the first quarter and not including the upside potential from resolution of the two licensee disputes.
Bill Keitel: Hi, Mark, this is Bill. On the China ramp, we think China is ramping well, we expect that to continue through the year, near term we are seen more of a low end CDMA 2000 low end WCDMA focus than what we had hoped for but we do expect improvement to the higher end devices as the year progress. So, it’s a positive to the business including licensing business.
Bill Keitel: On your first question handset inventories, we continue to think the channel is quite lean, averaging in the low end, very low end of the normal, and we continue to see people being cautious and so our forecast for the year assumes that channel continues to stay very lean throughout our fiscal 2010.
Bill Keitel: Non voice devices are in our licensing program. I think the foremost there is data modules both embedded and what we call dongles. Last year we came out and stated that we thought that market was in a range of about 40 to 50 million for 2009. We haven't updated that estimate. Industry analysts have it growing at a good rate this year and we see it growing at strong rate as well. Other than that, you got a growing ebook market. The Amazon device being the current example there, but a lot of new devices coming along. Machine to machine is at an early stage but seeing growing interest there, Telemex [ph] is the obvious one but growing interest there. I think there is going to be lot of new areas coming along, the big one today though is embedded and dongles for laptops.
Bill Keitel: Now we have not given an update on our estimate. We see a number of industry analysis out there with their estimates and after ours last year they seem to combined around more -- a little more consensus on what the industry guys were doing.
Bill Keitel: Okay, I will take the first one, Mark. What we are seeing is actually quite logical that’s its having an impact on channel inventory. We are seeing a greater proportion of low end products and so what we are seeing is the channel adjusting to that for the developing part of the world. On the developed side, we are seeing a bit of the opposite , and I think the trends there were, everybody on this call is familiar with the growing interest in smartphones. So developing world growing on the low end inventory and developed world easing up on low end inventories.
Bill Keitel: The pressure isn’t necessarily on the higher margin stuff, but let’s just back up here quickly. Operating expenses, we forecasted an increase in operating expense 4%, so I don’t relate to you point about what’s going to happen in first quarter to second quarter. What’s happening in the operating expenses is exactly what we said, we expect for the full year instead of growing 4%, we are going to grow 3%. In terms of average ASP per MSM, we're spot on right now to where we thought we were going to be and we continue to expect the year to unfold as we expected back in November. ASPs on the royalty devices, we think is a bit lower. There are some offsets to that as I said in our picture of the year and part of that is we do expect to ship a bit more MSMs in this fiscal year than what we had expected back in November.
Steve Mollenkopf: We are pretty happy with the design in activity and design in activity share and actually new customer activity, I think we really don’t have anything additional to say. I’d say we are feeling pretty good about that. With regards to the OEM that you mentioned, Nokia, which we talked about last year, things are going the way that we wanted go. In all cases were monitoring how the different OEMs are doing in the various market and waiting for how that’s going to play out for us, but in terms of the development and how we are progressing with those activities, kind of upstream of the sellthrough, we were pretty pleased about that. As you've seen in the past, we have announced a number of new OEMs or strength in certain OEMs really being accelerated by the smartphone transition. So if you see, as people have been going to smartphones, I think it's been playing towards our integrated solution quite a bit. You are starting to see that with Palm and you are starting to see that with some Sony Ericsson as well, so we are pretty happy with how that’s playing out right now.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. On the chipset side, it’s obviously the same story. What we’ve seen is really two phenomenon. In the developed world, we’re seeing a bit more of the low end chipsets being sold. I think that’s consistent with some of the carrier report you’ve seen as well. We think that’s a near term phenomenon, we think that is something that will correct itself over the fiscal year. And then the second event is really the delay in some of the emerging markets going to new technology and again we think that’s going to correct itself, but it’s a little bit later than what we had thought. If you look at understanding our operating profit guidance and our ASP, we’re not changing that outlook that we gave in November. So you are going to see it exit the fiscal year a bit more in the range that you are used to, but during this near term issue, you are going to see a little bit of uncharacteristic number there from QCT.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve, maybe two part answer. On the first side, I don’t think we’re concerned about share, in fact we think we’re building share particularly as the smartphone transition occurs. Consistent with what we’ve said in previous quarters and in New York in November, we’re seeing price competition in these tiers, but I think we’re able to defend that reasonably well and things are going with respect to the pricing pretty much the way that we thought it would go. But I think we definitely feel good about the share position and in fact we feel good about not just share, but also new customer acquisitions. So I don’t think that’s really the issue as much as a kind of a change in mix here over the near term.
Steve Mollenkopf: So on the quarter-to-quarter, I think what we have seen in the past, there has always been some mild seasonality, it's been sitting underneath of new carrier launches and right now I think there is less, in the grand total of things, less new carrier launches that are pushing the units that we are seeing a little bit of what I would think is normal seasonality, but in the second half of the year, you are starting to see some of that come back. So from year-to-year, it's not exactly growing linearly but I think we are still confident in our share projections. 
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve, maybe I will take the first part of the second question, just talk about chipsets maybe on of my colleagues can take the ASP side, but in terms of share, as you may know, we don’t tend to talk about share in terms of WCDMA other than sort of broadly with respect to how our chipset shipments are going kind of in aggregate, although I would say we feel that that’s going well, both with share inside of existing customer and also acquisition of new customers. Within China on the chipset side, it's ramping in terms of units but those units have been a bit on the lower relative to what we had though, we had been looking little bit more at units coming in at the higher data rates than what we are seeing right now. We think those will happen but near term we are seeing little bit of a softening in terms of the mix not the units.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve. On the capacity question, I think we feel pretty prepared to deal with any uptick. So, I don’t see that as a big issue at this point.
Steve Mollenkopf: Hi, this is Steve. You should really think of Snapdragon as being sold into two markets, into the handset market and into this incremental market, which we call smartbooks. And I think on the handset side, the move to smartphones clearly has been something that has been moving in the direction that I think benefits us. This new category the smartbooks, it’s a bit too early to say how they will sell through and sort of how you should model then, whether they should be modeled as a PC type unit volume or it should be a phone type unit volume. We tend to view those products as something that looks like a, that tends to act like a big phone. So, we are encouraged actually by the category seems to be developing in terms of consumers use quite bit of innovate products coming out and being announced. But it's a little bit too early to see how the customers are going to react to them and then also how the new OSes that would be used in that market segment, how they're received by the consumer. But in general, we are pretty happy with how Snapdragon's been looking in terms of meeting the proper design point and I think the integration play and the combination of multimedia, 3G and the custom processors has been something I think that has been working for us.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve. The question with regards to mirasol, I think we are actually very happy with the response that we've had from customers about the value proposition for mirasol. It's through the combinations of color, video and the low power that they are used to that in that existing technology that were pretty excited about. I think if anything define -- a product that defines that category, I think the whole category itself will grow and I think that our technology is going to be a differentiator in the long term as well. We actually been quite good about it and I think we talked about a little bit in November that first product based of off our new display, our larger display which has color will launch at the end of this calendar year, so very much exited about that category.
