Derek Aberle: Yes to answer your question, so you’re right, Apple does not have a direct license with QUALCOMM today. And so the royalties on Apple products, they get paid to QUALCOMM or reported and paid by their contract manufacturers. So, although we do have a dispute now with Apple and they’re challenging some of the offers and some of our licensing terms. The contracts that we have in place with their suppliers remain valid and enforceable. And we would expect that our licensees will continue to comply with the terms of their agreements. And we would also hope and expect that Apple would not interfere with the terms of those agreements. But of course, we can’t fully control those actions. So, I guess, a little bit that we’re going to have to have a -- take a wait and see approach. We have no indication as we sit here today that our licensees will stop paying royalties. In the past, when we have had disputes with companies related to the royalties they own under an existing valid agreement, generally, those companies tended to report and pay royalties, even when we were in disputes like in arbitration. You might remember that was case with LG, not only have the recent arbitration with them also the case with Panasonic when we had a previous arbitration with them. So we’ll have to wait and see what happens, but that’s the indication we have today. I guess, the final pointy I’ll make is we don’t believe or expect that we will see an impact in the second quarter or second fiscal quarter from the dispute, and our guidance reflects that.
Derek Aberle: So, in China, basically the way that the NDRC investigation was resolved, QUALCOMM -- the NDRC issued an order and QUALCOMM submitted what we called a rectification plan. And within the rectification plan, we basically committed to offer a new set of licensing terms for sales for use in China under our Chinese essential patents. And as part of that, the NDRC agreed, and this was main public I believe in the press release at a time that QUALCOMM’s rectification plan and the commitments that we made in that fully addressed the issues that were raised in the NDRC's order. So, although, I am not sure I would use the term endorsed, certainly, we believe the NDRC agreed that the rectification plan and the licensing terms are very consistent with addressing the concerns in their order. Of course, since then, we’ve gone out and negotiated and signed over 120 license agreements with terms that are consistent and reflective of the NDRC terms, and that was done under the supervision of the NDRC. So, we feel very confident that those terms are fair and reasonable, and we think it's a difficult position for Apple to claim that those terms are not fair. By the way, we have offered those same terms to Apple we did with all our other licensees, and they have refused to accept them.
Derek Aberle: So, on the ODM contracts, I think the point to keep in mind is that, again Apple is not a direct licensee. And we have valid and enforceable contracts in place with their contract manufacturers who are our licensees, and have been paying royalties to us under those agreements. Again, we would expect and hope that our licensees will continue to comply with their agreements, and that Apple will not interfere with those contractual relationships that we have in place. And we have no indication, as we sit here today that the ODMs will stop paying or that Apple will interfere. But we obviously can’t control their actions down the road. So, we’ll have to see how that develops. As to our guidance in Q2, we believe at this point that it will not be an impact in terms of the revenue for QTL in Q2, which would be sales through the December quarter.
Derek Aberle: So, I’ll try to keep this as concise as I can. If you think about the contributions that QUALCOMM has made to the technology-first and all the way back to 2G, but then moving on to 3G and 4G and now on to 5G, all the way along the path. We really have been, from our perspective, the leading contributor to the most valuable portions of the technology that are in those standards. And I think that has borne-out through the commercial agreements that we’ve been able to negotiate through arms length and fair negotiations over the years with 250 plus licenses. As Steve mentioned in his remarks, those aren’t agreements that are just 20 years old. Many of those have been renegotiated several times with the largest players over the year, and continually reaffirm the value of our portfolio. So, we believe our contributions, which are tend to be more focused on the device side and then the overall system as well, are just frankly more valuable than some of the other contributions that we see across the industry. And the second piece is you have to look at the circumstances under which the other companies negotiated their licenses. Obviously, when Nokia negotiated a number of their licenses, they had a significant device business, and they bargain for cross-licenses from other patent holders, which would have been offset and help establish the value of their portfolio. Same is true with Ericcson. So again, those companies both have made significant contributions. I am not doing anything to suggest, otherwise. But we believe that our contributions have been different in kind. And again, the market has valued those contributions through the agreements we have negotiated over the years.
Derek Aberle: Maybe I will take your first and last and last question, and then maybe George can jump in on the other one. So, we don’t have -- the agreements that are subject to the dispute with Apple are with Apple. We don’t have agreements with Foxconn. And I think it’s fair to assume that those agreements basically expired at the end of 2016. As to Foxconn, again, we don’t typically get into discussions we have with our licensees. What I can tell you is we have no indication and we do have frequent interactions with our licensees. We have no indication at this point that Foxconn or any of our other licensees will not comply with the terms of their agreement. So, that’s probably the best we can tell you at this point.
Derek Aberle: Really, I mean, if you peal apart all of the arguments that Apple is making, as we said, we believe firmly that they are all without merit. In the end of the day, they essentially want to pay less for the technology that they are using. And it's pretty simple. And that’s really the motivation. And again, they wrap a lot of stuff around that, which really we think overtime, we will be able to clearly show is false. But in the end of the day, they want to get to a lower payment. And we think that’s not appropriate, given the value that we’ve established. We think they should pay a fair value, the fair value that we have established and our other licensees are paying. And that’s unfortunately why we’re in dispute.
Derek Aberle: I think from our perspective, again, as Don mentioned, we are going to appeal and seek a stay of the decision in Korea. And in the end of the day if that decision even were to come into effect, it's not going to -- it does not invalidate the contracts that we have. It just set forward process for having us enter into renegotiations with some number of companies. And then if we can't resolve that, ultimately enter into some kind of dispute resolution. But we believe firmly that the contracts that we have in place are complaint with FRAND and consistent with our obligation. So we would expect, even if we had to go through that process that we would end up in the same place. So again, as we look at all these things, also the FTC, we believe, that we will be able to defend against that claim hopefully more quickly rather than over a longer period of time. And we ultimately believe we will prevail into seeding the arguments that are being brought by Apple. So, really none of this affects our long-term view for the growth of the business, or the 2.9%-ish effective rate that we’ve talked about over -- as kind of normalized rate over time.
Derek Aberle: If you think about on in terms of the impact of catch-up, the overwhelming growth is coming from the seasonal movements, and less than a third of the EPS impact is related to catch-up, which is pure revenue, pure profit.
Derek Aberle: So, let me take each one of those. On the first question, basically, what Apple said in its complaint was that it would withhold payment to its contract manufactures of an amount equal to what it claims that we owe them. But it didn’t go beyond that. In other words they didn’t say that it was going to withhold payment for all royalties going forward. They just talked about the amount that was in dispute. And I think George covered off already how we’ve already deal with that in our P&Ls. But again on a going forward basis, these are valid and forcible contracts with our ODMs, there is no question there. And we would expect to get paid on a going forward basis, and we would also expect that Apple wouldn’t interfere with those contracts. And we have no indication as we sit here that either party will be either of those things, meaning withhold payment or interfere. But again, we’re going to have to take somewhat of a wait and see approach. This is a fluid situation. Complaint just came late last week, and we’re continuing to monitor the situation, and we’ll be updating you all as things progress. We have given Apple more than full visibility into the scope of our technology, and the scope of our patent portfolio. And they have tremendous amount of information from us in terms of what we expect them to pay for in terms of our technology position. There is, as I said before, the contracts that we have today are with their contract manufactures. Those agreements do not include licenses to all of our portfolio. But we both been -- we have been discussing a direct license with Apple as well, which would obviously include a broader portfolio license. So probably not going to comment today on our legal strategy as to what we may or may not do with the patents that are unlicensed to Apple or a contract manufacturers, but there are some patents in our portfolio that are outside those agreements. I mentioned in my remarks that with the further progress in China, we’re now in a position of collecting on about 80% of the Chinese OEM global device sales. You may remember back in February at the last Analyst Day, we talked about trying to get to about 75% collection with the key deals, and we’re now at 80% and hope to overtime take that number higher.
Don Rosenberg: With regard to your question about, so called, exclusivity deal, first of all, I think you’ve called us monopoly power and monopoly power. We don’t believe we have monopoly power in the chip market or any other market, and nor do we have an exclusivity arrangement. We have never prevented Apple or anybody else from buying from competitive chip makers. And in the Apple case, it's pretty clear since, as you know they’ve been buying from Intel fairly recently. So, it's a mischaracterization to call it an exclusive dealing arrangement. We have been defending that accusation in Europe for about, I don’t know, four years now, and it's not new. Although, now it's out in the open that Apple is the one who has challenged us on this. And we will continue to defend it both in Europe and in this case. But we are quite confident that it doesn’t fit the definition of an exclusivity deal here, and it doesn’t violate any competition loss.
Don Rosenberg: So, with respect to, I think I guess three questions; one, timing of KFTC timing of the FTC and then DigiComp status. The KFTC, as Derek indicated earlier, has now issued its order in that case, which means that the order is now effective as opposed to the press release that was issued less than a month ago. And we will now be able to seek an appeal at the sole High Court. And once we’ve start the appeal process, we will immediately seek a stay of the remedial release that was ordered by the KFTC. And we are obviously going to pretty strong arguments with respect to their conclusions, and hope that that will lead to a stay. And then the appeal process can take quite sometime in the sole High Court, and then if necessary, subsequent courts. The FTC case, which was filed in District Court in the Northern District of California, as you know, we’ve said very clearly we think that case was lacking in any real coherent theory of competitive harm didn’t, and all one needs to do is read the descending statement of commissioner Ohlhausen to get a good sense of how we object to that, and how she did. And I commented to you if you haven’t read it. We have two paths to follows. Obviously, once a new Federal Trade Commission is assembled, we will probably go back to the full commission, or at least when there is a majority of more than -- at least, there are more than two commissioners in place. And seek a re-evaluation of that late decision to file. And hopefully we might be able to get that withdrawn, if not, we will proceed with, as usual, defenses in the northern district and that will take some time obviously. With respect to DigiComp, we have two statements of objections, as you know, that we have been defending there, and I have no new news as to timing there. We are waiting at this point for the next step from DigiComp.
Don Rosenberg: I just want to add one or two points to Derek’s -- primarily as he said, we have enormous contributions. But the point that Derek was making needs to be hammered home, because people get confused. He was talking about cross-licenses, like the Samsung and Nokia. As you know, we are not in the device business. So, when we’re negotiating, we’re not seeking cross-licenses to be able to sell devices as they are. And so that’s a whole different dynamic in the negotiation, and people often get confused about that. And the other thing is, it’d be interesting for people to take a look at, there’s is lot in the record of this. Of all the losses that Apple has brought against its competitors and look at what they’ve sought in damages for just couple of patents, or less than a handful of patents. So, that’s an interesting comparison to their claiming in terms of the portfolio that we have.
