Steven Altman: Brian, two parts. Obviously the first one is on pricing. In terms of the pricing that we had to extend, it’s been pretty much what we thought it was going to be the entire year. If you remember, we’ve been talking about how we thought it was a pretty challenging pricing environment. The issue that I think is another component of our ASP, if you just divide revenue by units is really mix, and I think that’s the issue that we are seeing. It’s that the percentage of our business that is low end and data centric devices, right now is still fairly high. That being said, we are very happy with the traction of 7K and 8K moving forward. We have also part your question, we feel we are building share. If you look at the quarter we just reported on, we think we built share there. We also feel moving forward that we are building share, particularly in WCDMA, and I think it’s coming from a couple of different places. Primarily as people migrate towards smartphones, we are seeing them migrate a bit towards our integrated solutions, so I think that’s probably pretty good for our business. If you look at the sequential move in the chip business, a lot of that is in WCDMA, and that’s primarily you think will pickup with share.
Steven Altman: There are a couple of different items here. Number one, we continue to invest in producing our system solutions, and as you know the investment cycle, we really invest upstream of the revenue. So we continue to invest heavily in producing system solutions, primarily in the area of mobile computing and software, so that’s existing in the business today. We are also in a little bit of a transition period where we are transitioning over to where emerging market devices or data centric devices are still a large portion of our shipments, and it hasn’t transitioned over to the point where the smartphone integrated solution chips are the large portion of the business yet. As I said before, we like the way that looks, the designing and the traction that we are seeing throughout the year is actually consistent and actually a little bit above what we had originally planned, and we are happy about that. In terms of top-line leverage, a lot of it depends on what the mix looks like, but in the quarters that were not guiding to, so in the second half of the year. Right now I’d say the biggest part of the business that is difficult to predict is really how much of that is going to move towards data or to 1X, and I think that’s the part that’s probably the hardest part to model in our business right now. Well, just supplement that a little bit, because its pretty much the same case as what we have said in the last couple of quarters, and that is that our gross margin percentage in your business, for the full year we are expecting it to be larger and the same as last year. So again, although they we are seeing a mix of product change a bit, and we are seeing a tougher competitor environment, I think we’re leveraging those R&D investments we’ve made, to be able to sell at a lower price, but still earn good gross margin percentage.
Steven Altman: Okay Tim. First for fiscal Q2, at the outset of the quarter we had estimated a midpoint of ASP of about $179, and then during the quarter we came across some information that caused us to use new assumptions in our model, okay. You think if we had had those inputs at the outset of the quarter, we would have estimated an ASP for a fiscal Q2 of about $185, and that’s about equal to the midpoint of the range we estimated as the actual. So I think the ASP forecast process for this quarter was fundamentally strong. We came across we think some material new data. As we said it was in part from licensing audits, as well as in part from some public data, and that caused us to update our estimation process, so that was the driver there. For the fiscal year, we gave you an estimate here, the midpoint was approximately $185, largely in line with what would have been, had we been estimating under these new assumptions that we are using now. In fact it was off $2, which is largely the impact of our factoring in foreign exchange, specifically the euro.
Steven Altman: Yeah, this is Steve. With regards to your second question, yes very much the same curve. I think we are not changing any of the guidance on operating margins of QCT. One thing that as bill said in his commentary, Q2 was actually quite a bit higher than we thought at the time. So I don’t think its may be as broad a bottom, as you may have looked at back in the January timeframe, just based on the results that we just reported on. I don’t think we are giving any guidance here on Q4, but as I said the units for the year look up from what we have seen in the past, but the question is really what’s the mix going to be like in the second half and we really are not at a point to talk about that.
Steven Altman: Mike, on the new data that we provided based on our new estimates, the new data, going back the six quarters, the units did come down and the ASPs did come up. Again, we take that total reported subscriber royalty number that gets reported to aspire licensees, and as you know, historically we have broken that down into two components; how much is ASP and how much is units. One time the other equals that total okay. So because we got some new information that caused us to reconsider what we previously had for ASPs, the offset was in units, so ASP is a bit higher units, a bit lower, and it all has to triangulate back into that total reported number that comes from our licensees. So frankly that was some of our discussion why we thought going forward, investors might appreciate that we are dropping the ASP guidance on a one quarter forward basis, but we are going to introducing this new metric. So next caller when we report against that 24% to 26%, we’ll be pointing against an actual. Whereas if we were just giving you the ASPs and units, we’d design it here, an estimate of what our estimate had them. So we think there is a little more surety in the number, and we thought investors would like that aspect.
Steven Altman: I might just say one thing; we do have as we saw, we revised guidance and actually got up to the high end of that. What we did see was a little bit growth in margins or growth in units; probably a little bit better on pricing and a little bit better on costs, primarily due to volume growth.
Steven Altman: Here on the first part about QCT, I think a lot of people had backed into a trough type of shape for our op margins this year, and with June being the bottom, and we see it very much the same way. I am very hesitant to project or to predict what is going to happen beyond the June quarter, just because I think a lot of it depends on mix as to what we are going to see. More generally I just want to make sure just clear on a pricing environment, we then actually seen pricing throughout the yea do things that are completely consistent with what we thought they were going to do in the November time frame, again in January, and again now. So pricing really is not anything unusual for us. The issue really is the ability to predict the mix out beyond one quarter, and I think that’s probably more the reason why I don’t want to say too much about the long term profitability goals of QCT, but we definitely we see this year June being the trough.
Steven Altman: Maybe I’ll just add one thing, this is Steven. I think there are certain places in the world where the operators really don’t from ca capacity and spectrum point of view, do now what to get much more 2G or 2.5G volumes sitting on legacy spectrum. So, I think there are reasons that trend is probably an interim trend; the question is how long? We think also that as we bring the price points done of smarphones, the penetration is going to go up. I think that trend, as I would say we are in a little bit of a transition period now. I think probably ends up being a good trend for our business.
Steven Altman: This is Steve. One do the things that we tend now to do is talk too much about our customer’s planes, and I’m not going to do that if we can, but I would say long term there is specific planes. Long term we do think that migration of Nokia from really a more of a vertical player to a horizontal player sets us up well, particularly if you look at sort of the basket of assets that you have to have with the chip company, and the amount of scale you need to have I think to be successful long term, but with regards to the near term planes, I prefer not to talk about our customers plans.
Steven Altman: I think the biggest wiled card is mix. The hardest thing to predict in the business is mix. Both tiers; mid tier to high tier or mid tier to low tier, and also customer mix is another one that’s very difficult to predict, but we see the units there. The question is how we are going to transfer in terms of which tear is going to go into. We do think that the overall trend, what we see in terms of how the markets moving, there are number of key devices that are being launched or have been launched. It really does provide a bit of a competition across multiple players in the industry which we think is positive and what we understand is that pipeline is pretty deep right now.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek. Why don’t I go ahead and take the response to your first question. I think we have said in the past, we do get varying levels of information from our licensees through the reporting process in terms of unit shipment and ASP information, although we tend to have quite a bit more clarity around the total reported sales of those devices, even though it might not be broken down, but there’s much clarity in the units and the ASPs, and so we do have a high degree of competence in the reported numbers at a gross level or an aggregate level I should say. We also extensively audit our licensees to ensure that their paying royalties on the products they are selling in the way they are supposed to under the agreement. So that gives us an additional level of confidence on the numbers. With regards to share, I think it’s a combination of both factors. Number one, our existing customers are doing better in the market perhaps than they were on a sequential basis. The other aspect is we are adding new customers and they are shifting more of their volumes towards products that use our chipsets. With regards to the change in the size of the WCDMA market, I think that what that really does is just slide the market share numbers up by a certain percentage. I think my comments were really more targeted towards a sequential difference or a difference in whatever that number is. So we think quarter-to-quarter that we would increase that number; whatever that number is, whatever your size of the WCDMA market is. So both of those trends I think are positive for the business.
Derek Aberle: Ehud, to your first question, we carefully considered whether we should raise our revenue guidance, but if you step back we got a fairly wide range on there already, $10.4 billion to $11 billion. (2) we also said that last quarter to achieve the $11 billion level, we would need to successfully get the approximate $200 million of revenue that we think we’re owed by two licensees; one is paying and we are not recording that revenue. This quarter obviously we are three months further into the year. We still think there is an approximate $200 million of revenue upside that were owed, but given that we are three months into the year and six months left, we probably adjusted that number. So we brought that down even though what offset it was some further upside we’re seen in the rest of the loyalty business and the chip business.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek, let me follow up on that again. Again, what we get with a high degree of confidence is the total reported advice sales, which is the number that we are starting to provide going forward. There is an element of estimation in our parts to try to break that down in to what piece is driven by ASP versus what piece is driven by units, because we do no get perfect information from all of our licensees. We get varying levels of detail from some of the licensees, which we then in some instances mean to cooperate through auditing in other mechanisms. So again, I think there is an element that we do need to estimate and that has been the case for quiet some time.
Derek Aberle: That’s correct. We are seeing a bit stronger market. It still ends up that 600 to 650 range, but as you said, given that our new information want us to believe that ASPs are a bit higher, and hence units are a bit longer. So yes, we think we are seeing more strength in Europe, both smartphones and data devices. In the Americas we are seeing CMA 2000 doing quiet well, notably on the smartphones, and then what we categorize for you as the rest of the world, it’s WCDMA. We are seeing a bit stronger traction than what we previously expected in a number on the developed markets of Japan, Korea and the U.S. for WCDMA, but your correct.
Derek Aberle: We are going to refrain from that. We are pulling back from. What we used to do is guide the units and ASPs one quarter forward. We have given you our estimate and what the total reports would be, and I think as always aware, we except a low single digit loyalty amount will earn off of that total.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek and let me take your second question. As Bill mentioned we are about three months further long than we were obviously last time we talked about resolution of the two licensee disputes. These things can be very unpredictable in terms of timing, and so it’s really hard for us to give you a good sense of when these things will be resolved. In one arbitration we’ve got schedule in place, and I think at this point it’s probably looking like it mostly likely will not necessarily get resolved in fiscal 2011, although there is always a possibility that we could reach a negotiated resolution for that before the arbitration would run it’s course. After the second dispute we remain in discussions, and again I think it’s just difficult for us to predict when that will be resolved, but we continue to remain very confident in our position, and that this money is owed to us and it’s just really a matter of time of when we will collect it.
Derek Aberle: On the first question about QCT and some of the non-traditional products I will call them, they probably fall in a phases, because right now we are shipping bluetooth in the tens of millions of units a year. It’s a growing business that we have lowered ASP obviously than the core MSM business, but they are progressing well. WiFi is behind. It’s being sold today as a stand-alone devise in very small quantities. It will eventually become a feature that goes into our smart phones product portfolio. And then on the femto cell side we are really in the process now of first engineering samples this year. We won’t see revenue on that for at least twelve months from now.
Derek Aberle: So far the volumes of the devices other that modem cards and dongles, which we have talked to about to some extent, have been relatively speaking, not that significant. So up to this point we have just provided an overall ASP of all devices, and we’ve tried to provide some guidance as to what is driving fluctuations in ASP in terms of growth of lower end devices like a dongle. I think we are going to continue to monitor this going forward, and at some point if it makes sense to segment those we’ll revisit it, but at this point I don’t think we have any intention to do that.
