William E. Keitel: Sure, Mike. On mirasol, we did announce today a shift in our focus, a bit more of a licensing focus number one. And number two, commercialization. We're going to be focused on certain mirasol products. The impact for the year, this fiscal year, will be relatively muted since we're largely through the year. But we do expect some changes to be taking effect for fiscal '13. On the royalty side, yes, we -- Mike, we do expect quite a strong December quarter for the QCT business, and we expect a very large increase in the overall shipments of 3G/4G devices. And that will then -- should extend then to a strong second fiscal quarter for the QTL business. On the ASP front, I think it's always prudent to be cautious on ASPs rising. We do -- but I think a reasonable expectation is low single-digit decrease on an annual basis.
William E. Keitel: Sure. I'll take stab at it here, but others might want to chime in. On the chip ASPs, yes, we do expect a sequential increase from Q3 to Q4. There is, of course, pressure on the gross margins. We've been seeing that now for some time. It's consistent -- largely consistent with our expectations. No real surprises there. But we've added into the business mix what has traditionally been lower gross margin products, number one. Number two, as we're going more in -- more and more into emerging markets, it does have a lower cost profile and price profile. So that puts pressure on it. But, I mean, aside from the supply shortages and channel inventory corrections, we've been able to sustain still a pretty rich operating margin in this environment of pressure on the gross margins. The 28 nanometer, I think, fits much into that fold. I won't comment directly on the gross margin of 28 nanometer, but I think you're aware we have stated in the past that we have been pricing pretty aggressively. But nonetheless, these are very rich products, and we think we're quite a distance ahead of the competition as well. So I do think it will be a nice positive to our business as we ramp 28 nanometer here.
William E. Keitel: And Ehud, Bill. On your last question, the profile for the year, for 2011, calendar 2011, our estimate is about 24% of the total devices that year were shipped in the September quarter. And then there was a large jump to approximately 30% of the total devices shipped in the December quarter. And that's for 2011. Our estimates for 2012 are -- based on the midpoint of that -- the 905 million total units is very similar to that profile that I just quoted for last year. And by the way, that's -- that information is now on our website if anybody wants to take a look at that.
William E. Keitel: I think it's best I refrain getting too specific on the first fiscal quarter of 2013. I'll just say that we're looking for a pretty substantial increase in QCT's quantity of MSMs.
William E. Keitel: And Simona, it's Bill. On the margin side, it's -- well, it's preliminary here. We do expect a nice, increasing QCT op margin. But understand, it's still going to be a very active quarter in terms of ramping the supply. So there's going to be a high level of costs supporting that. So I think it's too early to comment or maybe even to expect that the December quarter would be above our averages in the past.
William E. Keitel: Okay, Rod. First, on channel inventory. We think we're exiting here the June quarter at just -- or coming in -- we exited the March quarter just a little bit above 15 weeks. We think we're exiting the June quarter at a little bit below 15 weeks, and we think we're going to exit the September quarter at just below 13 weeks. So obviously, that September quarter, if that happens, which we obviously expect it will, would be almost a new low for at least our history.
William E. Keitel: We thought it was going to be more flattish between just a little bit under 15 to just above 15 weeks. So that's on the channel inventory. On GDP, we're aligned with consensus economists for 2012. And you're probably aware, they recently downticked from about 3.2% world GDP growth to about 3.1%. Obviously, a little bit more in the second half of the year relative to the first half. For 2013, I'm -- I would say we're a bit below consensus right now. We're a little more cautious than where the consensus economists are. But to translate that back into our estimate, our midpoint estimate of 3G/4G devices, so 3 months ago, our midpoint was 915 million units, and our updated guidance here is 905 million. That 10 million reduction is approximately a 1 percentage drop in the turnover rate, replacement rate of devices. We've previously been around 34%. We're just -- we're a little bit above 33% now. So as the economy weakens, we typically expect consumers to hold on to their devices a little bit longer. And we think this is concentrated for -- our decrease here is concentrated in Europe and North America. On overall demand, I think we have a good sizing on it now. The -- I think historically, we've seen, on a quarterly basis, we're pretty good at predicting MSM volume. And obviously, there's a lot of interest and focus on what we're going to be able to ship here all this quarter and particularly into December. So I feel like we have a good handle on it right now, Rod.
William E. Keitel: Oh, in the shortfall. Well, let me say this. First of all, 28 nanometer, our shipment estimates both for the fourth fiscal quarter and what we expect for the first fiscal quarter, we're essentially in line with where we were 3 months ago. So the QCT team is executing well on that aggressive ramp that we had talked about last time. But going out of this quarter, if we could ship all the demand that's in front of us for this quarter, I would just say that our revenue and operating margin would be materially higher.
William E. Keitel: And then the last one, Tal, this was on OpEx, operating expense, intensity and -- particularly in light of new -- as we go through new geometries from here. I think the key there is scale. And we're doing very well on scale. So we've got a good opportunity to manage our operating expense intensity, I think, pretty well. But the key, I think, there is scale.
William E. Keitel: I think, Tal, this year, it's unusual in respect that we've ramped the operating expenses even though we aren't able to ship all of our customer demand. That's a rare case in our history where we can't ship demand. But going forward then, the operating expense intensity, I think we've said in the past we expect that -- I mean, our goal is to improve it. It isn't -- I -- that isn't a guidance point for fiscal '13, but I would take it as a guidance point looking 3 years out. And maybe Paul, I don't [indiscernible].
William E. Keitel: Stacy, I'll take your first point. On the emerging market side, now we -- our estimates within that 915 million midpoint estimate that we shared 3 months ago are largely intact. So I have seen some reports here where some people are seeing some surprises here and there. But overall, we feel it's holding fairly steady. So the 2 changes we really made in our estimates for this year are North America and Europe and really just a bit of an extension on the replacement rate that we had previously been forecasting. So I think emerging is holding strong. And then on the -- expect on ASPs, as we said in the past, as we're seeing smartphones penetrating emerging markets. And so the ASP trends that we've been seeing on the emerging front is -- has been really quite positive to us.
William E. Keitel: Sure. Kulbinder, this is Bill. I'll take on the 14% up margin question and will there really be a quick snapback. Yes, I feel like we just had a quick snap down. I was expecting -- we were expecting 19% operating margin. We lost a little bit of volume and we're at 14%. So I do expect a quick snapback, use your terminology. But maybe more important, we've said for sometime now here our goal as a company is to look over the next 5 years or so to be improving the QCT operating margin a bit. And the June quarter, September quarter, really, that's -- it's not having any impact. It isn't making us re-question our goal there. It's just a temporary phenomena that -- and we think we understand it pretty well.
William E. Keitel: On ASPs, I think you're characterizing a positive outlook, at least for the next couple of quarters, and we don't disagree with that. But obviously, there's a lot of pressure within the industry to be reducing prices, both consumers and carriers, and OEMs putting the pressure on their suppliers. We're trying -- we're working hard to enable that best we can. And hence, I always think it's just a little bit better to be not looking for ASP increases but just flat to modestly down, I think, is the better outlook. But I agree, we're looking -- I think the next couple of quarters look pretty positive for us.
William E. Keitel: On the -- James, on the buyback authorization, as of a day or 2 ago, it was just a little under $3 billion. But I think just think in terms of -- it's about $3 billion. We have one more put that's set to expire for about $200 million. And so approximately $3 billion remaining authority on our buyback.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Brian, yes, it's Steve. The 28 nanometer right now, as I said, we're supply limited. So it's -- and it's going quite well in terms of bringing up additional sources. We actually have 4 sources that we're now bringing up. If you track through the calendar year, we're engaged with all of them now. And it's going the way that we had thought. You had -- you talked a little bit about the 45-nanometer products and such, and I think what you're seeing a bit of is a little less of the backfill that we would have expected. And I think that's consistent with what we were talking about, the re-profiling of demand. That's really a little bit less of the backfill and a little bit more waiting for the new products to come out. So we're just working very hard to try to get those products out the door.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: That's right. You -- at the same time, you're -- we have a significant demand for the 28-nanometer products. And as you get into the December quarter, you now have a tier of products on 28 nanometer, which, I think, is a big advantage for our portfolio. And they're moving forward. And you're essentially in a situation where demand is increasing and supply is increasing, and we're trying to match those 2 ramps. And it's -- we're just in execution mode getting through that right now and engaged with 4 fabs in order to do that.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Ehud, it's -- this is Steve. Your first question was about growth in Snapdragon. Snapdragon's a big portion of our shipments now. And if you look at the year-over-year, it's probably in the high 20s in terms of percent growth. And that includes -- that's if I looked at the quarter we just were reporting on now. That includes the fact that a number of the Snapdragon products are, of course, 28-nanometer products and they're a bit supply-constrained today. So we would have even seen higher growth than that year-over-year. So we're quite pleased with how the Snapdragon product line is ramping throughout the year, so. And I'll -- I think the second part is really more Bill could perhaps take.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Simona, it's -- this is Steve. The supply really exits the quarter on a matched situation. It doesn't end -- enter the quarter that way. So at the beginning of the quarter, we still have a gap that we need to deal with, but it improves throughout the quarter. We think it matches up toward the end.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, I might say that this year is a little bit unusual in the sense that we pulled in some real [ph] SLA [ph] investments essentially to accelerate the speed at which we're going through future nodes. So this year is a little bit faster than you would typically see because we're trying to go through the nodes even faster than we have done in the past. And you're seeing that in the OpEx this year in particular. The other aspect, just to add to the QCA comment, was we're seeing significant fan out in terms of design wins on our connectivity products, and we're essentially scaling up our ability to deliver on those design wins. Those are probably the 2 of the bigger topics we're having right now.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: This is Steve. I'm assuming the first question is really more about the vertical customers. I would say that it's really consistent with what Paul said. I think it's getting harder and harder to create chipsets moving forward. It's primarily because in order to create particularly high-end products, you need to innovate across so many different technology vectors. And unless you're fairly large and you have a fairly broad technology portfolio and you're at the leading nodes, I think you're going to have a difficult time producing the type of products that you need. So in our view, it's actually getting harder to do chipsets and so, therefore, probably more favoring of our model. With regards to the ASML and really the 450 move, our view essentially that the industry moving that direction and supporting larger wafers and really bringing the economies of scale even to further out nodes is something that we actually want to see happen. But it's also the expense is so large. It's unlikely to us that one company is going to be able to put something in place that will advance them and given the fact that it's just going to require a number of different companies to put the investment in. So we're happy to see that the industry is moving in a way that keeps Moore's Law working. We think that's good for our business as it is for others.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: Well, I hope [ph] -- I think you'll start to see some of our fab partners perhaps working on that, but I don't have any special information on that. We're still committed to the fabless model. It served us well. And with our size, I think we're probably a bigger player in terms of being able to influence it. But I don't know to the degree that our -- that we will have a direct relationship in that particular issue.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: We also have a very significant investment in pre-revenue opportunity, which is the whole mobile computing space. So we certainly expect to get a good return on that investment going forward. But right now, currently weighing down the margins.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: James, this is Steve. Our product portfolio at the high tier, we tend to be on the leading node; on the lower tiers or the mass-market tiers, we may be one node behind. So we tend to have a broad sourcing strategy to take account of the fact that we're on leading node. And also, following nodes, we tend to engage with a lot of fab partners by necessity. On the leading nodes, I think you're not going to see a big change in our strategy moving forward with the exception that we do, obviously, a much better job of matching our ramps, capacity ramps and demand ramps, as we drive leading nodes. For us, you're going to continue to see us really taking advantage of the fact that you can play the integration game at the leading nodes. And there's a number of different good road maps that we're seeing from the industry through the fab -- through fab partners, and we're going to continue to drive the best ones that we can find.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: So yes, we -- really consistent with what Paul said, we -- we're now in a position where we're investing pretty heavily in a number of different pre-revenue areas, the biggest one really being the mobile computing market, which we're very happy to see the software partners doing things that we think are going to bring that to a revenue event here in the near term. So really, the way that we're looking at the businesses is this year, is we're -- even though we're continuing to grow the business, were still investing pretty heavily because we like the opportunity that exists in front of us, particularly as more and more things leverage technology that you have to develop to be a strong phone player. So we continue to drive that. We think that, that will turn into, we think, a more positive trajectory in terms of the business moving forward. There was a question that I missed.
Steven M. Mollenkopf: With yield, anytime that you're ramping a new source, at the beginning part of a ramp, you don't have yield and cost numbers consistent with several quarters into ramp. And we have that given the fact that we're bringing up multiple sources. But that's part of what we're spending a lot of energy now trying to get that as quickly as possible.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes. So we've had these same issues throughout the history of the company where internal efforts -- people try to build the silicon for their own chipsets. And I think the key way to combat that, as we've done all along, is to continue to drive the technology hard. Obviously, we're driving it very rapidly in a number of areas now, not just the radio. It used to be just the radio. But now it's also processor and graphics technology. And we've seen -- I'm sure you've seen a number of the benchmarks coming out talking about how, I think the latest one I saw was on graphics, how we were really winning on the graphics side but, obviously also, on the computing side, we've had great comparisons. So the key, as I said, is drive the technology hard. Do people for their internal uses have enough scale to invest at the same rate that we do? And the answer is generally no. And plus, we have just a level of experience that we can bring to bear, and I think that, that strategy will continue to work as it has in the past.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes, I just wanted to say also we're obviously investing a lot in QMT. We're looking at the opportunities to -- on that business model to reduce some of the expenses that we have there. And so that could have a pretty significant impact as well.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes, I just wanted to close by saying that we're very happy with the strong growth this quarter. Obviously, it could have been better and we're disappointed that we're not able yet to fulfill demand, but we are working very hard to bring up additional capacity. And we're certainly pleased that our customers are working with us through the shortages, and we're very excited that they're building some absolutely great products. So we'll work through this near term. We're looking forward to a very strong close to the calendar year. And the nice thing is, people still love their smartphones. They love wireless data. We're working hard to give them better and better experiences. That's really a great opportunity for us. So thanks, everybody, and I look forward to seeing you soon or talking to you soon. Bye-bye.
