Akash Palkhiwala: Hi, Mike. This is Akash. Really from a margin perspective, we are extremely happy first of all to deliver the 20% margin in QCT in the September quarter. I mean that's -- we have guided a midpoint of 18% and we are happy to see us get to that target a quarter sooner than we had anticipated. As you saw, we are guiding strength going into the December quarter as well with the midpoint that's at 26% in QCT. As we go forward, one of the things that you have to keep in mind is just the seasonality of the businesses. If -- let me address QTL and then QCT again. For QTL, seasonally strong quarter in December, given kind of the handset launches that happened and then overall holiday impact. As you go beyond that, we've provided a guidance of -- for the March quarter, so that will give you a second data point. And then really between those data points and our actuals for September, you'll be able to forecast kind of the rest of the year. From a margin perspective, we had given guidance at Analyst Day and that contemplated how our financials would play out in QTL. So it's very consistent with that. So we don't really have an update relative to that guidance point. For QCT, as you think about the December quarter guidance, again, a very strong quarter seasonally now with the launch of flagship 5G handset with our chip in it. It drives our -- December quarter is very strong. The seasonality of the business changes though with this launch and what happens is when you look at -- it's different than the last couple of years, you almost have to go back three or four years, where typically, we saw a decline of 15% in revenues between first quarter and second quarter in QCT just based on seasonality. And so we'll be reconciled more to that seasonality going forward. From a margin perspective, strong margin in QCT in first quarter and then really the margin will change based on the profile of the revenue as we move forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi, Samik, it's Akash again. So I think from a guidance perspective for RF front-end, as you'll recall at Analyst Day, we said we expect to be more than 20% share in an $18 billion market and that target was really for fiscal '22 and we're very happy with the way our RF front-end business has played out, we are seeing, seeing a lot of strength, not just in the quarter we reported and the forward quarter, but just really in the long term design win pipeline across the board. So we're very optimistic that we'll be able to get to -- get to our target sooner, but really beyond that, we are not updating kind of our longer-term guidance at this point.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi, Matt. So, let me just kind of quickly run through the disclosure change. What we really wanted to do was over the last couple of years our business has evolved a bit and so we are seeing a different set of drivers for revenue growth than units and so it's driven by obviously 4G to 5G transition, driving more content, RF front-end and then automotive and IoT playing a key role in our growth as well. And so the goal with it was to give data points that will allow the investors to track our progress in this area, and then again, it's very consistent with how we outlined our business at Analyst Day. And then that's kind of the core thought process behind it. As you see in the September quarter, we've given a disclosure on the breakdown, a lot of strength across each of those areas, you've seen a strong growth in IoT which was driven by a demand for connected devices and in the home and as kind of the work from home environment permits, there is just an increasing need for connectivity. And then we also saw a rebound on the auto side, that drove significant strength. As we look forward, all of those trends are holding for us, so we expect kind of a similar strength going into next quarter for each of those areas. We are obviously not providing a breakdown of our forecast, we are providing it at the total QCT level. But the underlying strength really all those drivers remain looking forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So, Chris, As you will recall, in the March quarter, the market was down approximately 21%, because of the impact of COVID and June quarter was 20%. Our forecast, our planning assumption going into the September quarter was down 15% and really what happened is, we saw a rebound especially in emerging markets, we're following a couple quarters of lower demand because of COVID, the demand went up and we ended the quarter down approximately 5%. So that was kind of the key driver for our performance in the September quarter. And in addition, we saw a stronger OEM mix that helped QTL a bit as well. So that's kind of the data point for our results for the September quarter at $1.5 billion. Our forward guidance of $1.7 billion midpoint for QTL is really kind of just projecting that same market impact, the 5% market impact that we saw year-over-year in the September quarter projecting it forward into the December quarter, and then into the March quarter and that's the basis for the numbers we provided. As you think about kind of the full year forecast for it -- for QTL, using the September quarter number along with the December quarter and the March quarter guidance, that's a good way to project a year.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, Chris, I'll take the first part of the question and then Cristiano can follow up. Just from a breakdown of technologies across our RF front-end revenue base, we are obviously not providing that, but you should not really think of our revenue being driven by millimeter-wave, we have a broad portfolio of technologies, 4G, 5G sub-6 and 5G millimeter-wave and our design traction reflects the strength of our portfolio. So it's really across all those technologies.
Akash Palkhiwala: And then maybe just to add a quick comment, I think for millimeter-wave really what has happened is, we outlined a vision a year ago of how the technology deployment will play out and really everything is happening consistent with what we had outlined and so we're very happy to see that.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, hi. This is Akash. So we are seeing some minor elevated demand across certain OEMs, given the uncertainty of the OEM mix, especially in China and how things play out. So that's already contemplated in our forecast. As we look forward -- and in our forward commentary. As well as we look forward, we expect some uncertainty over the next few months. But really when you step back from that, and just look at overall design win pipeline and customer traction, it's really very consistent with the comment Cristiano made earlier where our technologies and our portfolio are really set up to take benefit from it, whether it's Huawei, who -- if we're allowed to ship to them or if other OEMs pick up that share.
Akash Palkhiwala: And then also just to add that we are providing an additional data point on the 5G side on the total size of the market for 2021, we are forecasting a range of 450 million to 550 million devices, which really when you look at year-over-year basis that's a 150% growth. So extremely strong growth going into it. And as we exit -- exit the calendar year 2020, we were seeing that that velocity going into '21.
Akash Palkhiwala: Well, from a unit perspective, Ross, it's really kind of the 4G margin -- market transitioning over to 5G, right, so it's less of a unit growth story, it's really a transition between technologies. And then within 5G, the framework we still think apply. So, there is a benefit on the core chipset side and then there is the incremental RF opportunity on top of it.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, I mean, first of all, we are very happy to see -- as revenue has grown we're seeing the leverage -- operating margin leverage show up in our numbers, so happy to see that in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. As we look forward, I think you have data points for both of those quarters, first quarter and then we gave soft guidance for the following quarter, it's very reasonable to use those two data points to project forward for the OpEx for the year. The other thing I'd say is just as we look forward, as Steve outlined in his prepared remarks, there are lots of opportunities we have for -- areas for growth in the long term, all organic opportunities and so we are selectively investing in a few of those consistent with what we said at the Analyst Day.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Stacy, from a gross margin perspective, I mean, there really isn't something that we want to highlight on that topic. I think what we -- what we have is very consistent trend and we feel like that's something that holds going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So just broadly as you think about RF business, there is a combination of factors, right? There are times when we make the module ourselves and those modules would -- timing-wise would be aligned with the chipset. If we are shipping components that go into someone else's module, there would be a shift in timing related to it. But really, all those are really timing comments, the fundamental trajectory remains the same.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. I think in terms of kind of longer-term modeling of each of the segments, we gave some disclosures at Analyst Day. We still think those are very relevant metrics to use to model our businesses. So when you think about RF front-end, we gave a disclosure on greater than 20% of $18 billion dollar SAM. On the auto side, we had given a pretty specific disclosure on our longer-term revenue target. And so that should be -- that should be instructive. And then, really IoT, it's really more about what's the -- the growth of the SAM addressable market for us, and then what's -- what are the components within that market that are growing faster than we'll be able to participate on.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi Rod, it's Akash. We are -- our guidance for the quarter is really constrained by what we can supply and so that's really contemplated in our forecast.
Akash Palkhiwala: Hi Rod, this is Cristiano. Look, we're very happy about the traction we're having with millimeter-wave. I feel the technology in itself requires a module because you have to have the RF front-end and the transceiver working together side by side. We're flexible, we have been commercializing our silicon within modules as well as commercializing our own module. The important is the direction we having for customers in general is that when we provide a complete solution fully validated from a performance standpoint and from a scale standpoint, you save them a lot of R&D. So we'll continue to maintain the flexibility for our customers as they see value.
Akash Palkhiwala: I think C.J. at this point, we're really talking about a portfolio of businesses within QCT. As I'm sure you appreciate and we've discussed this in the past, one of the core premises of how we are addressing some of the incremental opportunities and especially auto and IoT is leveraging technology from mobile, and so it's really kind of one set of technology and product pools that we're leveraging across. And so I think it's best to look at the total QCT segment on margins.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Sure, C.J. So really from our foundry strategy is we're very diversified across a lot of different foundries. So we have close partnerships with all of them and typically went up from a pricing negotiation perspective, we are typically locked for a reasonable period of time. And so really, I'd say maybe no impact at this point, we are just operating as we would with our supplier partners.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Tim, probably the best way to think about this is to really look at our forecast for total handsets. We are providing a range for calendar 2020 at 200 million and then going into next year at a range of 450 million to 550 million. And so I think those are reasonable data points to think about mix between 4G and 5G for the market and then it applies to our business as you think about individual OEMs.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. As we think about the RF business, really there's tremendous complexity in that business, right, between which tier of device, t is, which OEM whether it's being designed for a specific geography or multiple geographies between sub-6 and millimeter-wave. The SAM addressable market per device changes quite a bit. And so we try to not think of it as an attach rate business rather we think of it as an available addressable market and we try to maximize our position within that.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Samik. It's Cristiano. Just one quick comment for you. The -- as we increase the number of designs to 680, the trend continues, we see 5G [prior to front end] [ph] attached to some of those designs, so we feel pretty good about the pipeline, continue to grow that business.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks for the question, Samik. This is Cristiano. So as you know, right now, we -- as we don't have a license to sell products to Huawei, we're not selling to Huawei. The way you should think about this and consistent to what we have said on the last earnings call, the Huawei opportunity creates an expansion of addressable market for QCT. We feel fully hedged in our position given our very high traction with all the premium and high tier OEMs, and whether that in the long run, it's an opportunity with Huawei, in the event that we receive a license or if an opportunity for our customers, we actually see that is a net positive in the expansion of TAM for QCT and we expect that to play out as we look at demand in the handset towards 2021.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. So, this is Cristiano. So first I want to just build on what Akash had said, we're even starting to win some 4G content in RF front-end as well in especially some of the sub-6 frequency started to get converted into 5G, so we're excited about I think how broad of -- and diverse is RF front-end business is. Specific with the millimeter-wave, it does add a lot more content, it probably would drive a lot of higher on our average 1.5 multiplier if you remember. And we're happy about it is significant data points that continue to show the potential for growth. In addition, there have been a requirement for markets such as United States, Japan, DoCoMo launched millimeter-wave services back in September, Korea still tracking to launch service. And we have now 130 operators globally investing in the millimeter-wave. And especially as we see the price point devices, as you saw in the United States becoming very reasonable with millimeter-wave that opportunity for attach is going to be a significant tailwind for our business.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Joe. This is Cristiano. We're very diversified from a supply standpoint, I think we're probably one of the few companies that have leading now the supply diversity. We are all seeing demand upside. We're driving a lot of our supply, and I will say, there probably, you're going to see some tightness of supply as we have this big [ph] demand, but we feel good about how we look about the year in 2021.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Blayne. This is Cristiano. When you think about China market, we're very happy because the price points of 5G became very aggressive and we saw that even starting in the last quarter, and that's driving probably more than 50% of all the new activations and all of the new phone launches with 5G. We like that position as Akash outlined in the prior question, we're very well hedged regardless of who wins in the marketplace. And we expect the China accelerated transition of 5G with lower price points to have an impact and how we're going to see this unfolding in emerging markets, as China provide a lot of the handsets for emerging markets as well.
Cristiano Amon: Blaine, this is Christian. If I could add some qualitative comments, as you pointed out, there is this enterprise transformation of the home, it's driving a lot of connectivity, you also have an accelerated digital transformation, but most importantly, you have 5G going to other industry. So, this business and what it is today, is probably a good proxy of a growth business for us as we realized this vision of 5G in other industries going forward.
