Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, hi Mike, this is Akash. If you look at our trend over the last couple of quarters, on a revenue per MSM perspective, we were just over $31 in the second fiscal quarter. And then we reported a little over $28 in the June quarter and we’re guiding a similar number over $29 in the upcoming September quarter. The premise behind the growth in the revenue per MSM is still consistent with what we had said before, which is as we transition from 4G to 5G, we expect our revenue opportunity to grow by 1.5 times. And so as we look forward, we still think that’s kind of a reasonable way of thinking about the trend on revenue per MSM long-term. And I think these quarters where we have delivered the results with higher numbers kind of bear out the math behind it.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, sure. There will be a little bit of a seasonality based on when our premium tier chipset launches and which is typically we go heavy on volume on the premium tier in the March quarter. So there will always be some seasonality, but I think overall the trend that the last few quarters suggest is a reasonable way of thinking about it.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Samik, this is Akash. So the midpoint that we’re guiding is 155 million units relative to June quarter actuals of 130 million. So, I’ll try to address it around the midpoint. There are really two drivers for the increase. The first one is, we saw some weakness in the low-tier units in the June quarter because of the impact of COVID on emerging markets. So, we are seeing that come back in as we look at the forward demand that we’re seeing from our customers, so that drives growth on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And then second, we talked about partial impact from a delay of our 5G flagship phone launch. If you think about a large flagship phone launch, typically for a QCT perspective, our customers end up buying chipsets that facilitate the launch in the couple of months before the launch. So what we’re really seeing here is because of the delay, a portion of those purchases are happening in the September quarter and they’re factored into our guidance and another portion would get pushed out to the December quarter. So it’s a combination of those things. And so going back to answering your direct question, the increase from 130 million to 155 million is really two drivers, increase in units especially at a low-tier and then benefit from the new launch.
Akash Palkhiwala: So, Samik, I’ll address the first part of the question. At this point, we really don’t have any material business with Huawei. So, when you think about our MSM unit guidance, there really isn’t Huawei volume around it, it’s really the other OEMs that we would be shipping to.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi, Chris. This is Akash. Let me try to give you a few data points that I think will help with your triangulation. Historically, as we’ve guided our revenue range for QTL, we’ve said for the first three calendar quarters, a number of $1.1 billion is a reasonable range and then for the December quarter somewhere in the $1.4 billion range. That’s kind of our run rate before two key factors. First factor is really the impact of COVID on our guidance. So in the June quarter, we came in a little over $1 billion in revenue in QTL, with a market that was 20% lower on the handset side from a year-over-year perspective. So 20% reduction year-over-year. And we came in a little over $1 billion against a normalized run rate of $1.1 billion. When you look forward what we’re guiding is a midpoint of $1.3 billion and really there are two factors, right, Huawei coming in and increasing that number and a little bit of a decline based on a 15% market weakness that we’re assuming. So, I think between those numbers, you should be able to triangulate what a normalized run rate is. The key thing for us is just not having insight into COVID going forward and how the recovery happens. So for now we’re guiding the September quarter, but as we proceed, we’ll look to give guidance into the normalized run rate.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Chris, you’re correct, on the revenue really falling down to the bottom line from a Huawei perspective, so that’s an accurate assumption. I think at the Analyst Day last year, we provided our view on kind of longer-term sustainable margins for QTL, where we said a midpoint of 70% and with Huawei it would be slightly higher than that. So, I don’t believe there is any change to that point of view. I think we still think those are good reasonable numbers to use to model our business going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Ross. So let me – let me kind of maybe quickly talk through what happened in the June quarter. What we saw was versus our guidance of mid-point of 135 million units for the MSM, we saw some weakness at the low-tier. And what I referred to in my script was because of the fewer low-tier units that was driven by COVID impact on emerging markets, we saw higher revenue per MSM and a higher gross margin as a result of it. So, they both moved in concert at the same time and in same direction. As we look forward to the September quarter, what we are implying in terms of guidance for our gross margin is more in line with what we had guided for the June quarter, because we expect the lower-end units to come back into our mix and really from a margin perspective, it’s very consistent with what we’ve outlined, pretty strong margin profile going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi, Matt. So, on your first question, really what we’re guiding is a 5% increase in OpEx quarter-over-quarter. If you look at our historical trend, what we’ve seen between these two quarters, as an example last year, we saw an increase of 4% when you adjust the June quarter for the variable compensation related to the Apple deal. So, what we’re guiding is really consistent with our historical trend. There is a little bit of an increase and extra 1% increase just because of timing of 5G investments. When you pull back and kind of look at the whole year, we will end up total opEx of $6.8 billion, very consistent with what we told you at the Analyst Day and our forecast for the year. So, we really think of opEx as consistent with our previous commitments and it’s super important for us to continue to manage opEx well and deliver operating leverage as we grow revenues. And then on the second question, on the $1.8 billion, what we have is – Huawei is going to pay us $1.8 billion for historical periods and it’s a combination of two things; really, it’s the settlement agreement, which goes through the end of 2019 and add to it the first six months of 2020 through June. The combined total of that is $1.8 billion. And so that some – that’s an amount that they’re going to pay over a one-year period with the first payment due in the September quarter.
Akash Palkhiwala: Hi, Stacy, it’s Akash. Yes. So, on the $1.8 billion that there – again, there are two components to that – to that amount. One is the settlement of our previous agreement and it really captures the period since the entire dispute period that we had with them. And second component is the first six months of calendar 2020. So that total adds up to the $1.8 billion. It is additive to the two previous shorter-term agreements that we had with them. The total amount of those agreements was approximately $1.2 billion. So, it’s really $1.2 million and $1.8 million as a total additive number for the historical. And then going forward, we’ll – you’ll see it in our forecast for the September quarter. And really, as I said in my prepared remarks, we – these terms are very consistent with the overall framework of our licensing program. So, it’s what you would expect given other OEMs and overall licensing program terms. And then revenue per MSM, I think your math is a reasonable way of thinking about it, it’s really the 1.5 times, which is what you are using is the framework we use to think about it as well. The one thing I would maybe, caveat is your calculation assumes a 100% 5G. So obviously, it’s going to take some time to get there and so there will be a curve into it.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, I’ll maybe start with your second question. In the June quarter, what we saw is strength across China and developed markets. So, it was kind of broad-based across the developed market landscape in addition to China. China, obviously, as I’m sure you’re aware, extremely strong numbers. And what it was offset by weakness in certain emerging markets. So that’s kind of the trade-off – trade-off that we saw between the various markets. On your first question on 5G flagship phone launch delay and how that impacts QTL, the specific scenario that we are talking about the launch is typically pretty late in the quarter. So, it’s a much smaller factor for QTL within the September quarter guidance. And we think of it as captured in our total market weakness guidance as a part of COVID. But again, I think it’s a much bigger factor for QCT than it is for QTL, because the chipset purchases typically happen in large quantities in advance of a launch.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So overall, the way our adjacencies have been performing, we’ve been pretty happy with it actually. There are certain markets that we are in that definitely benefit from COVID and the work-from-home environment. We have the mobile broadband market, the 5G and 4G CPE and Dongles market, all of those have done extremely well. WiFi, we’re a very large player in WiFi and clearly with demand for improved connectivity within the home as people work-from-home. That has been a pretty strong spot for us as well. And then overall, IoT is also continuing to see strong traction. So, when you look at all those markets, which make up kind of the broader IoT category for us, a lot of strength across the board. Auto obviously, got impacted as a part of just what the industry is going through. But really within auto, a lot of our products are forward leaning, which is focusing on new launches and the demand for connectivity and infotainment really hasn’t changed fundamentally. So, while we are seeing an impact, it’s probably a smaller impact than a lot of other peers are seeing in the industry as well. So, those – that’s kind of the landscape of our adjacencies.
Akash Palkhiwala: And this is Akash, just to add a couple of quick points. As I said in my prepared remarks for the September quarter, we are expecting RF front-end revenue of approximately $750 million. So very happy about getting to that milestone. And really as we outlined previously, our target is to grow to approximately 20% share of the RF front-end market. And so between that data point and really, the forward traction that Cristiano talked about, we feel very comfortable in being able to hit that target.
Akash Palkhiwala: And Brett on your question on the design win pipeline, we’re not providing an update at this point. But the last number we’ve disclosed is greater than $7 billion design win pipeline.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, I mean at this point, we’re not really kind of guiding specific ASPs and margins through fund specific product. So, I think it’s probably best to go back to the broader framework and broader discussion we had on the ASP trend. I think that still holds true even with your question. And then – and I think margin trends also the same applies. So, I think it’s rather than talk about a specific socket at the broader – broader trend, it’s still accurate and that’s probably, the best way of thinking about it.
Cristiano Amon: Hey, Mike, this is Cristiano. I just want to add one thing maybe to help you understand it. We may have seen over the short period of time as we look at where the market is given the pandemic, we feel good about 5G units. But when you think about trends, thinking about the 1.5 metric, the more the 5G penetrates into the handset base, I think more that helps our trend of increasing the revenue per MSM. And I think we still have a lot of 4G units out there. We like that accelerated transition to 5G.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. And Ross, I think it’s – this is Cristiano, consistent with, I think, the conversation we had before about revenue per MSM, as some of those low 4G units starts to get replaced by 5G units and we go into the future quarters, continue to see accelerated 5G penetration, that’s going to be also a good driver for gross margin improvement in QCT.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Matt. this is Cristiano. Well, look, there is an overall I think confidence in 5G. If you look at the comment made by Akash in the quarter, I think we saw a better mix than we originally expected, which is offsetting weakness in the emerging markets and mostly 4G low-tier units. What we saw is better units on developed markets, which is just a result of 5G. Traction 5G continues to be high. We now have over 80 commercial networks in 35 countries. We have a large number of operators now 380, 120 of which are working on millimeter wave and our design to traction jumped to 660 designs now on 5G. So, 5G momentum has not slowed down and it’s giving us confidence on the estimate we made for the year.
Cristiano Amon: All right, Tal. this is Cristiano. Thanks for the question. So, let me just start talking about millimeter wave, I know that’s a big component of the question. So, it’s a – traction of millimeter wave technology is moving kind of as we expected. I think the current scorecard I can give it to you, United States continue to ramp, Japan recently launched, we still forecast Korea to launch within the year. Europe and Russia are targeting commercial launches before the end of the year with millimeter wave. And then spectrum auctions had occurred in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore and Finland for commercialization in 2021. I think worth noting is there is still expectation that China will have also millimeter wave by 2021. There is a total of 120 operators. So, it’s really – continue to gain traction. We don’t disclose specific share, but we do have significant technology leadership in millimeter wave and have been showing into some of the expansion of our designs. And I think specifically, within the United States, which is the largest millimeter wave market, we have now for example Verizon with 35 cities now live with ultra wideband. AT&T continued to expand, as well as T-Mobile and remains a requirement for all of the flagship devices across the three operators.
Cristiano Amon: No. you have a combination of millimeter wave in sub-6 and I think as you get some of the reform spectrum with DSS, you’re going to have the combination of both. Millimeter wave today is a requirement for all flagship devices and we expect that technology to penetrate down the lower tiers as well over time.
Cristiano Amon: Hi. This is Cristiano Amon. Yes, we – on the RF front-end especially as this is a growth market for us as a new entrant. We are seeing share gains and we have been very clear, our strategy to really scale in RF front-end. We’ll be using 5G as an entry point. And as we continue to gain traction for 5G, we’re getting designs across sub-6, across millimeter wave and started to get some traction within 4G RF front-end content as well. And we expect that to continue to be a positive trend of attached to our baseband, because of our modem-to-antenna differentiation at the system level.
Cristiano Amon: Hi. So Brett, this is Cristiano. Let me answer your question on automotive business. So, why we’re not providing an update right now on the backlog for the design wins, I will talk about some of those trends. I think we continue to see that increasing for us, especially as the automotive industry, it’s impacted by the current pandemic. I think more and more we’re starting to see even higher interest in moving the programs of bringing more electronics and a digital cockpit transformation within the car. So, we continue to gain traction, continue to get incremental design awards and we’re very happy about how that automotive business is growing for us. So, within regards to the content, we have been now really focused on the Telematics unit for the connected car, the digital cockpit transformation that includes content for the infotainment, the rear seat entertainment, dashboard and smart mirrors and connectivity across our WiFi and Bluetooth. We’re just in the beginning of ECU for ADAS, but most of the silicon content is really within the digital cockpit transformation.
Cristiano Amon: Hi. This is Cristiano, thank you for your question. All right, let me just start with the competitive landscape. We always said in the smartphone mobile space a lot of competition, it’s been probably one of the most competitive segments within semi. And we feel very good right now especially, given the complexity on 5G, given the opportunity for us to move faster to different releases of this technology as it go beyond smartphones into other industrial use cases and the ability to have RF front-end differentiation and I think it’s showing now when we think about our design traction. We started being first-to-market with 5G. Of our 660 designs right now, 570 of those designs are based on our second-generation. And then our third generation, I think [indiscernible] product we kind of indicated over 165 designs. So, we’re seeing our leadership propagate from one design to the other including with the attach of RF front end. So, we’re very happy about that. We expect that more as many of our customers especially in China, companies like Vivo, Oppo and Xiaomi continue to grow outside China; I think more demand for global solution like Qualcomm, will increase our differentiation abilities and that’s also true as 5G goes to other industry. So, we feel much better about the differentiation of our 5G solution, compared to 4G. And as far as margins, I think we have been consistent. 5G provides significant growth for us in expansion of earnings and we are approaching our long-term operating margin target for QCT and we’re on track to get that.
