David Wise: Actually, I'll jump in. This is Dave. On the Huawei share, a couple of thoughts. One, obviously, as they pick up a little bit of share right now, we are only being paid in QTL under an interim agreement, which is fixed at about $150 million a quarter. So we don't see any financial pickup from share shifts that way. And then similarly, QCT, some of that share coming from OEMs that we monetize a little bit more. 
David Wise: Yes. This is Dave again. So first of all, on that second part of the question. So our Q3 guide reflects the inclusion of Apple go-forward royalties. It does also reflect some headwinds related to the market. But it can give you a sense of the Apple contribution and where we are on a go-forward basis in QTL. I would think about the quarter as -- it's a seasonally one of our lighter quarters for QTL. So if you think about annualizing that, I would take that into consideration as you think about the number on an annual basis.  And then the $2. So the $2 we've indicated, the $2 is reflective of contribution from licensing, ongoing licensing now going forward, as well as chipset contributions once we ramp. We expect that as we ramp to see a more significant contribution on the QCT side. So I think if you kind of look at where we see the contribution from Apple on the QTL side, based on our quarterly guidance, you can get a sense of that element of the $2, and then the rest is coming from QCT as we ramp. And I think as Steve said, we would see -- there's potential opportunities to do more with Apple down the road, but it's reflective of our views at this point. 
David Wise: Yes. The $1 billion to $1.1 billion we have given previously was inclusive of the $150 million with Huawei. 
David Wise: So 2 quarters ago, we had guided where it did not have it in. And then we adjusted that in the January call to be inclusive of the $150 million from Huawei. And in the January call, we guided down the market by 50 million units. And in this call, we're also guiding down another 50 million units. So the bulk of what we're seeing -- we are seeing some continued headwinds in the market for QTL in our Q3 guide, which is somewhat offsetting the impacts of the addition of Apple. 
David Wise: Yes. So litigation, we said in the prepared remarks, Q3, we're not expecting to see a lot of savings. We have some modest savings in Q3. We had a heavy run rate on litigation in advance of reaching settlement with Apple ahead of the San Diego case. And then in Q4, we are expecting additional savings as we wind off of the Apple-related litigation expense. A couple of offsets to that, we are -- namely, the adjustment to our employee bonus accrual, which had a big impact. It was, as I said, about 6 points of our 6% to 8% increase was related to that adjustment in the employee bonus, and we have some of that flowing through into Q4 as well. So we're not expecting to see a lot of overall savings with the ramp down of litigation and some of that offset in Q3 and 4, but we expect to see more of those savings flowing into fiscal '20. 
David Wise: Yes. The $4.5 billion to $4.7 billion is all for resolution of things prior to the effective date of the agreement. So it's all past. We'll recognize it one-time as revenue in Q3 in our GAAP results. And then our go-forward guidance on QTL includes the forward impact of ongoing royalties from Apple starting in Q3. And I would note, our $2 estimate is solely go-forward licensing revenues plus chip contribution. 
David Wise: Yes. So let me start with Q2. So we communicated in the prepared comments, there was about $100 million of more-than-expected one-time -- or out-of-period in the QTL revenues of $1.12 billion. So that relates to, I would say, both ASC 606 adjustments for prior as well as some one-time adjustments related to some cleanup from prior periods on a few programs.  And then on a go-forward basis, our basis, obviously, with 606 is forecasting our revenues. There is always going to be some chance of true-up as we move forward and move from, really, actuals that are based on somewhat of an estimate, to sort of final understanding of how quarters rolled out.  So Q3, nothing specific with respect to out of period. But we'll have some of that, I think, every quarter just based on the nature of 606. Then with respect to the OpEx. So yes, the target was to get to 6 4. We do still have excess litigation. And as I said before, we expect to realize some of those litigation savings as we move into fiscal '20, maybe somewhat offset by our need to invest a little bit more to support ramp of Apple. 
David Wise: And 2 things will drive the QTL margin going forward. One will be some of the wind down of litigation, excess litigation spend. The other important one will be top line expansion as we now add Apple back in and when we resolve Huawei. Both of those will be factors driving margin up over time. 
David Wise: Yes. That's the bonus adjustment that I talked about in my script. So resolution of Apple, we adjust our normal employee bonus accrual for the addition of the impacts of Apple. Because it's third quarter now, we take a number of quarters of catch-up into the quarter. That is not pushed out into the business unit margins. It's held in corporate. So that's the bulk of the delta you're seeing. 
David Wise: Sure. So first of all, in Q3, I think the midpoint of our range is around $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion or something like that of OpEx. That includes when you look at this bonus adjustment, it's about $100 million. So it puts us at about $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion. That's up slightly from where we were in Q2 for a couple of seasonal-type things and includes some modest savings in litigation. In Q4, we expect further savings in litigation. The one-time elements of the bonus catch-up will be out, and we think that it puts us probably somewhere flattish on the adjusted Q3. So you think about Q3 without the $100 million at $1.6 billion, $1.67 billion. 
David Wise: Yes. So QTL, I think as I said before, I think a couple of drivers that will improve, and that is the reduction of litigation savings. So I said that we'd see more of that flowing into fiscal '20 from a timing standpoint. And then resolution of Huawei and the addition of more on the top line in QTL. So obviously, that timing would be reflective of whenever we reach agreement with them, is I think the 2 major drivers. 
David Wise: Yes. I think the best way to look at that is the guide, we have now in Q2 includes Apple on a go-forward basis. It includes some headwinds associated with market weakness. And it's one of our seasonally lighter quarters for QTL. So I think if you sort of take those factors into consideration, you can -- it'll help you triangulate to sort of how to think about it on an annualized basis. 
Steven Mollenkopf: It's Steve. Maybe I'll ask Cristiano to take the first part of that, and then I'll add my perspective and answer the second part. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes. And I would just add very briefly that I think there's -- it's unfolded very -- in a way that's pretty similar to the way in which we thought. It's very important to be at the front end of these transitions. Right now, the team -- and the front end of this transition really meant you had to have a lot of modem expertise across multiple technologies, but also RF expertise to really handle all the RF bands and the complicated antennas, which is I think we're getting good traction on those investments in the past and we're hoping to see that really flow into the business, particularly in the next fiscal year. Now the real race is how do you bring 5G down in price point through integrated products? And so you saw the first one of our products announced. You'll see more and more of that. Very pleased with the way those products are being demanded, or at least the road map traction that we're getting from those, and we'll continue to do that. In terms of the use of the one-time payment, I think we gave some data here about how our capital return program, particularly the ASR, has done, which has been good. That's been a strong program for us. We are, I think, in a different mode in terms of our ability to look at the landscape here over the next couple of years. The thing that the, really, the Apple settlement and the launch of 5G coming together, we think it puts us in a very stable position in terms of our visibility into revenue and kind of the competitive dynamics. So now the question is, how do we add to the company? What do we need to do in order to really drive some of the opportunities that we're getting from 5G? So we're looking at that, but still committed to all of the operational excellence, both cost and capital return that we talked about.  But we've got a lot of opportunity ahead, we think, particularly with the stability that this resolution provides us. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Why don't I start with the general one, and Cristiano, you can dig into the second one. So if I look at the adjacencies, and we've done a couple of things here over the last several years. First of all, we've really tried to focus the company on things that we can see that heavily leverage the technology road map that we have for mobile. We're doing that upstream of 5G primarily because we think that technology road map is the relevant road map in these adjacent industries. So a great example of that is cars. So in the car, the connected car, the opportunity for us to sell modems and now computing capability in the head units, and then ultimately, some of the broader communicate -- or computing in the car increases, and we've seen that progress well here over the last several years. That's a good business.  Longer timeline, harder to get into, harder -- but stickier, I guess, which is good. I think that's going well. Industrial IoT, which is a business that I think leverages the -- this digital transformation aspect I mentioned in my remarks, is going well. Consumer IoT, I think, has yet to really embrace some of the opportunities that are coming. We still think that's going to be an interesting opportunity, but the industrial side is probably a little better for us. We are continuing to invest in the go-to-market aspects. We have a pretty strong technology road map. It's our ability. How do we mesh into those different-shaped markets versus what we see in cellular, but a very strong road map to go into there. You mentioned the RF side. We think there's significant opportunity, particularly with the advent or the growth of 5G and the importance of the RF there, to grow content within the device. And when we see opportunities to do that, we're doing that. So you see that in RF. Cristiano will comment about that. I also don't want you to miss some of the opportunities like fingerprint that we've been able to invest into.  And those are interesting opportunities.  So we see 5G as an opportunity to allow us to really leverage some of the R&D scale that we have in mobile. And as we see that, we're going to take advantage of it and try to stay focused along the same way. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes. I'd say this maybe a little bit unsatisfying, but I'm not going to go through all the details, other than to say, on the chipset agreement, it's a multiyear agreement. I think both companies are happy with it. Its something that, at least the way we look at it from the QCT side or from the Qualcomm side, is it provides a lot of stability to our business.  So we think that's a good, good agreement for us. And then also, I'll just remind you, there's a lot of tension removed out of the system as a result of these settlements, and I really like the opportunity to have the 2 teams just working together on products in the future, much more natural relationships, something that I think both sides can find and maintain a good relationship. But it is a multiyear agreement. And other than that, I really can't talk much about it. You know the terms on a licensing agreement, 6 years plus an option to extend 2 more years for Apple. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Okay. On the product assumptions with Apple, I won't give share numbers, but I will comment on ASP. The ASP story, at least in the case of as we move to 5G, they tend to be good for us. And the ASPs, as we're moving in through the 5G ramp, we said that they're going to be a good story. And looking at what we're seeing broadly across the industry, that seems to be playing forward. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Very good. Thanks for your question. On the 5G, if you look at all the 5G bands, the sub-6 bands as well as millimeter wave, that's where you'll find our RF front end content in all of those 75 design wins for 5G Android. The majority of them are flagship smartphones in the premium tier. And our content goes from the envelope trackers to the permits, which is to the PA modules, feature-rich content across all bands, switches and antenna tuners. And we -- as I said before, I think we have been seeing significant differentiations in performance on 5G, which had allowed us to have the whole solution from the digital baseband all the way to the antenna. 
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes. First of all, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Just a quick note to our employee base. Just thank you so much for staying focused during this period of time. You put the company in a great position. I look forward to the ramp of 5G and really the opportunities that are ahead of us. Just thanks a lot for all your hard work, and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
Cristiano Amon: Samik, we feel very, very strong about our 5G position in the marketplace. I think I remind you all that we actually accelerated the timeline by one year, and we've been the silicon of choice in every single trial and development across infrastructure and operator and device. So it's a very strong position, consistent to what we saw the company doing in 3G and 4G. And we expect that's going to be a significant opportunity to expand ASPs in a silicon content for QCT and in the -- we just updated a number of designs, we see about 75 designs for 5G right now. And we also have that in all those 5G designs, I think the absolute majority of it has our RF front end content. So 5G is a very good story for QCT and will be a very material event in fiscal '20. 
Cristiano Amon: Ross, this is Cristiano. Yes. I think when we look at the March quarter, I think with product mix, and especially, I think as some of the premium tier  chipsets, we are seeing seasonality with our Chinese customers. And as we look at the guide for Q3, those are some of the comments we made before. We had overall market weakness in China, but we also see in the premium tier, a pause as 5G has launched. 5G has launched in China. And it is an Android ecosystem phenomena, 5G launching on Android, and -- or see the MSM800, which is our 5G designs. We see that pause as the 5G phones are coming to market. Also consistent with some of the other OEMs that report their earnings and they talk about dynamics on the premium tier in the market. So we see that. I think the other comment we made is, when you look at sequentially, our growth sequentially when you look at our guide, Q2 to Q3 for the non-Apple business, when it eliminates the legacy Apple units, it's been very consistent and it's in line with the historical data. 
Cristiano Amon: So I'm just going to add a few things. First, when you look at the -- as you mentioned, the adjacent for us, non-Apple, when you exclude Apple, even with some of the economic weakness we're seeing, we're still growing both Q2 and Q3. When we look at year-over-year, it's still double-digit growth. Some of those bets, very small, but the trends are very -- they're very good. I think I want to highlight a few that Steve mentioned on industrial. The alignment on our industrial bet with the 5G and the fact that 5G is going to go to many other industries beyond mobile, it's going to be a major tailwind to get a scale on industrial IoT. We see the same thing with the Cellular V2X, and it was going to be added to our existing digital cockpit and telematics business. One data point that we didn't mention, we still have a bet on computing. And you should expect to see in the second-half calendar, our 8cx, which refers to Snapdragon dedicated for PCs with Microsoft. And that will be the first opportunity that we started to see that investment materializing. Now going back to the front end. I believe that our position in 5G is differentiated. What's happening with 5G, the speed of the road map, especially as you think of a number of antennas and carrier aggregation, is moving faster than we saw with 4G. And the ability to design as a system and claim some of the real estate that you had on devices for the front end is giving us an advantage. We're the only company now that actually has everything from digital to the antenna in house, and that give us an ability to build on our strength of being a system versus just a component provider. And that materialize in the fact that every single 5G design right now, you'll find our front end, and we expect that to continue. 
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. Look, we're not providing a lot of details, but I think you -- it's fair to assume that it's going to be a new engagement. It takes a little bit of time to develop devices of the chipset. And independent of our engagement of Apple, in general, I think all developed economies will have 5G launch in 2019. 
Cristiano Amon: Yes. My comment is about in the Android ecosystem. I think we're not detailing any RF front end engagement with Apple right now. What I will say, as we reestablish ourselves as a supplier of Apple, we reopened the door for opportunities beyond the modem. 
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. Just on QCT, I think the plan remains unchanged as we gain scale, continue to grow in mobile. And we've been -- we have made a lot of progress growing our non-Apple business. And then I think as the -- all of the agreements get in place, we expect to get back to our long-term profitability target at QCT, and we're looking forward to having a 5G Christmas as the year ends. 
