Steve Mollenkopf: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. Our QCT business had another great quarter, with record MSM shipments, revenues and operating profit. Revenue and operating profit were up 34% and 45%, respectively, versus a year ago. We shipped 182 million MSM chipsets above our prior expectations, reflecting strong demand across our portfolio, including China - emerging account shipments, which more than doubled year-over-year, and multimode 3G/LTE shipments up more than 90% sequentially. We were pleased to see our chipsets driving many of the flagships smartphone models announced this holiday season, including the Google Nexus 4, the LG Optimus G, the Nokia Lumia models and Samsung Galaxy S III and [Xperia S] [ph], the HTC Droid DNA 8X and 8S, the Motorola RAZR M and the Sony Xperia T and TL. With our leading technologies broad product roadmap and relationships with all the top OEMs in the industry, our design pipeline continues to grow. There have been more than 600 Snapdragon-based devices announced and another 170 plus devices announced based on our Qualcomm Reference Design solutions. Looking ahead, there are more than 450 Snapdragon-based designs in development and over 100 plus designs based on our QRD solutions. As you know, our strategy is to set the technology design point for our industry and we have succeeded again with our recently announced Snapdragon 600 and 800 chipsets. Our new Snapdragon 600 processor builds on the momentum of our highly successful S4 Pro processor. The 600 includes our new Quad Core Krait 300 CPU running up to 1.9 GHz and our Adreno 320 GPU. Our new Snapdragon 800 processor includes our new Quad Core Krait 400 CPU running at up to 2.3 GHz, our new Adreno 330 GPU with two times the compute performance of our Adreno 320. The third generation of our leading LTE modem which adds LTE Advanced and Carrier Aggregation support, as well as integrated 802.11ac Wi-Fi. In addition, the Snapdragon 800 is the first chip in the industry to use TSMC's 28-nanometer HPM Advanced process technology. We expect Snapdragon 600 and 800 chipsets to deliver up to 40% and 75% better performance, respectively, than our previous industry-leading Snapdragon S4 Pro. There are already more than 90 designs in development using the 60 -- 600 and 800 processors, and we expect commercial devices based on the 600 in the second calendar quarter of this year and based on the 800 in the middle of this year. We are also continuing to invest and grow our business in emerging regions, and with our differentiated technologies and products we believe we are well-positioned versus the competition in this segment as subscribers migrate from 2G to 3G and multimode 3G/LTE. Last week in China, we held our bi-annual QRD event with participation by 145 OEMs and ODMs. We had multiple emerging accounts including Yulong and Tianyu announced handsets based on the Snapdragon 8x25Q, making it the first quad-core chip for high-volume 3G smartphones. There are now over 60 8x25Q designs in the pipeline from over 25 OEMs. Separately, we have also announced the Reference Design for our 8x30 chipset which contains Dual Krait CPUs integrated LTE, TDD and TD-SCDMA, and support for all operators in China. Also of note, the first TD-SCDMA device based on the Snapdragon processor was launched by Nokia in the December quarter on time. Our mobile connectivity design traction continues to grow with 400 plus devices based on our 28-nanometer S4 and Snapdragon 600/800 products. We also announced our first NFC chipset with a new tri-band 802.11ac/ad Reference Design and our StreamBoost Technology to intelligently optimize home network performance. We're off to a great start in fiscal 2013 with exciting growth opportunities ahead, including continued global smartphone and multimode 3G/LTE demand. We continue to manage our business for long-term revenue and operating profit growth and we continue to see the year unfolding broadly in line with our initial expectations. That concludes my remarks and I will now turn the call over to Bill Keitel.
Steve Mollenkopf: Hi Mike, this is Steve. I think there is kind of two dynamics, on the high end, it’s all about the technology leadership and I think we’ve been able to keep ourselves in a pretty good position both on the modem side as well as on the AP side. On the low end it’s about scale, and I think speed of execution. Both of those things I think are benefits that we bring to the table as well. We’ve come out with a number of products on the low end. The first one is the 8X25Q which I think has been received quite well. We also announced that our event last week in Shenzhen that we’re going to come out with the first of what will become many new low end optimized chipsets, which is the 8X26. There will be multiple chipsets like that coming out over the years. So I think we feel like we’ve got a pretty good roadmap on the high side and the low side right now. In fact, I would say we’re probably biased positively now on share. We just feel – we feel the roadmap and the some of the investments are starting to pay off.
Steve Mollenkopf: Well, I think I’ll try to stay away from any individual number but what you’re seeing in terms of a dynamic is that there is a conversion of 2G to 3G. At the same time, you’re getting a conversion to smartphones. So for us, we are picking up new customers and new geographies because those transitions are essentially giving us access to what would be traditionally just 2G volume. So we’ve been ramping our ability to address those customers as you know over the last several years and they’re starting to play into our hands. Also there has been a push and I think you’ll see a push over the next 12 months where technology will be turning over in the large carriers in the world, in particular, in China. And they’ll start demanding some of the combination 3G, 4G technology that we have. And I think that’s probably a reasonable set up for us. The technology change has actually always been good for us on the chipset business. Your second question was about yields I think. What’s happening with us -- we've actually been quite pleased actually as to how 28 nanometers ramped in terms of yield. I think Bill also mentioned on -- in his remarks how we had some positive product cost in the last quarter, which was actually a result of that. We’re starting to bring on multiple fabs with more gusto now. You will see however at the end of the year, you will see us transition the portfolio into HPM. So I don’t know to a degree that those events sort of produce anything different than what Bill would have talked about in terms of the margin profile but pretty much according to plan, I think at this point.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve, I’ll just knock those out pretty quickly. In terms of a 28 nanometer, we -- I think we’d probably clear that sometime in the middle of the quarter that we just reported on. There was some discussion in the industry about some of the OEMs also having some constraints outside of our part, touchscreens and things like that, You probably read as many as I have on that. But I don’t know to a degree that that’s been cleared or not. The 8X26 just to finish up, [is really] [ph] end of this calendar year.
Paul Jacobs: Thanks Bill. So before we go on to Q&A, I want to let you all know that Bill has decided to retire from Qualcomm effective March 11. Bill has been a great partner to me and an outstanding leader in this role as CFO for Qualcomm over the past 11 years. His financial readerships played a critical role in establishing Qualcomm as a company known not only for leading-edge technology but also for super fiscal performance and rigorous financial discipline. And over the years helped run QUALCOMM as finance and investor relations organization and himself many distinguished award for excellence in financial reporting. Under Bill’s leadership, the company has achieved unprecedented financial growth and success particularly through some very challenging economic environments. On behalf of the entire executive committee and all our employees worldwide, we really like to thank Bill for his strong financial leadership, partnership and incredible dedication to Qualcomm. So we wish you all the best. We’re pleased that you’ve agreed to stay at Qualcomm to ensure a smooth transition and will continue throughout the year to serve in the advisory role for the company. So thanks again Bill. I am also very pleased to announce that after a careful consideration George Davis would join Qualcomm as Bill’s successor in our new executive vice president and chief financial officer. George currently serves as CFO for Applied Materials and will join Qualcomm on March 11. George is a seasoned financial executive and has been the CFO for Applied Materials since 2006. We look forward to George’s joining Qualcomm executive team and working closely with them. His financial expertise and leadership will be instrumental as we continue to expand our business and strive to deliver strong financial results.  So I like to thank Bill again for his many years of leadership and commitment to Qualcomm, and I look forward to introducing all of you to George in our next quarter’s earnings call. So I will now turn the call back over to Warren Kneeshaw. Thanks Bill.
Paul Jacobs: And on the inventory, yeah, we have increased our inventory. Remember now, we are increasing -- we’ve got a higher end product that we’ve got a lot of demand for which of course, that aligns with our guidance that we do think average revenue per MSM is going to be increasing here into the second quarter, in fact into the full fiscal year. So, yeah, our inventory is growing. We have been relatively short on inventory given the 28 nanometer production shortfalls relative to demand. Now that’s caught up and so with the boost in our inventory, I think we are going to be better positioned now to handle the fluctuations that we typically see in customer order demand.
Paul Jacobs: It’s kind to imagine that this last earnings call I’m going to do with Bill. So I just want to say congratulations again, and thanks Bill very, very much.
Paul Jacobs: Don’t go too far away from us bro, you’re still part of the family. And of course, we are looking forward to welcoming George at the next call. And I have to say it’s a great time, because the company is really executing extremely well and we’re competing both at the high-end and the value segment in smartphone which are continue to grow globally, really excited about the new products, the new Snapdragons are gaining lot of traction and we’re putting new radio technologies, new processors, new graphics, all sort of things that are getting integrated into those devices, really driving our lead and using our skill to advantage in terms of be able to invest R&D and invest early and drive that. And obviously the licensing business continues to grow strongly. So, tons of opportunities ahead of us, both in the traditional businesses and in the non-handset devices and so I think, company is very, very well positioned to seize the opportunities we see for the future. So thanks very much to all of you, and yeah, we’ll probably see some of you in Barcelona. So thanks again. Thanks Bill.
Derek Aberle: Hey, Tim. This is Derek. Let me take your first question on the rate. I think we were finishing last quarter around 338 and you’re right we’re coming in a bit lower this quarter at about 33. It’s really a function of the things that we’ve talked about in the past but this quarter probably the biggest driver is the fact that we had record TRDS and in fact that came in higher than we expected. And so that given the fixed licensing fees that roll through and the infrastructure royalties that grow at a slower pace is going to have, kind of, downward pressure on the rate. So that’s really the primary driver. We also had some other fluctuations including lower audit recoveries and mix in there. But that’s really the primary driver.
Derek Aberle: Simona, this is Derek. I think the percentage of total unit sets that have been shipping with 3G attached has been relatively stable with, it’s kind of bounced around a little bit and maybe come down in the last couple of quarters some. But as we explained at the analyst conference, I think Paul went through this in his presentation we’re really hoping and expecting that to change course going forward now that we see a more flexibility on the operator side with data plans and hopefully more competition in the tablet device base with Windows RT and some of the new Android tablets coming in.
Derek Aberle: Yeah. This is Derek. On the TD-SCDMA situation in China, we have been continuing to collect some amount of royalties TD-SCDMA, although as we've said, we struggled a bit with some of the local Chinese companies. But I agree, we do see an opportunity as the volume hopefully migrates at the high end to multimode with UMTS or even CDMA. And then with the trials launching, the inclusion of LTE, that should open up an opportunity for us to collect on a larger portion of the China mobile volume. Not sure it’s specifically a rate issue, but certainly an opportunity to grow the revenue base.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek and go ahead and take your second question. So there isn’t really a different base of customers that are buying from Media Tech or others. We have now as we talked about I think more than 70 companies licensed in China and pretty much all the major suppliers in Taiwan have been licensed for quite some time. And those agreements require them to pay royalties regardless of whether it’s our chip or anybody else's chip. And so when we think about the market and we give our projections we’re really trying to capture the entirety and I feel very confident that maybe with the exception of some of the TD-CDMA volume that I spoke about a few minutes ago, we’re really well-positioned to capture the sales of all 3G and 4G devices that are going to be supplied irrespective of the chipset that’s in there.
Derek Aberle: James, this is Derek. Let me take your second question. The information on the TD-SCDMA volume in China is a bit difficult to get your arms around completely at times. And I don’t have – I can’t give you a specific percentage today. I will say that as time has gone on and there has been shifts in the supplier base, the percentage of total unit is as best that we can tell that we’re collecting royalties has come down over time. But then as you go forward as I said, there are some trends that are going to shift things we think back in the other direction, higher percentages of these devices that are going to be multimode with either LTE or UMPS. So it’s really a bit hard to pin it down.  The other thing just to make sure it's clear, when we give our estimates for unit shipments for the year, what we include is the percentage of total TD-SCDMA that we expect to get reported to us and royalties to paid on.
Derek Aberle: I think what Bill said is we’re seeing exceptional growth out of the QCT business this year but we’re still expecting a significant growth from QTL as well. So we’re not suggesting we're expecting a decline there, it’s more that QCT is really accelerating. So you got to think about it couple different ways. One is if you look at the unit shipments there is still a pretty decent amount of 2G volume out there that will be shifted over to 3G. When you think about it from a TRDF perspective, meaning the unit times the ASP, actually the volume out there on 2G looks a bit smaller. But I think the opportunity ahead is quite great because we’re expecting when those units transition from 2G to 3G they’re going to transition at a higher ASP whether that’s -- initially we have feature phone although those are rapidly going away, or more likely a low end smartphones.  So as we look at our plan, and we’ve said we expect continued strong growth in the business over the five-year plan, that’s because we see still quite a long runway. I think China still has what about 26% penetration as Paul noted today or comments today. And we’ve got places like Latin America, Eastern Europe, some very large markets that still have quite a ways to go through the transition and I think as they go that they will go through I think at a higher ASP than some of the early transitions for 3G in the past. 
Bill Keitel: Tim, this is Bill. On the -- take us back to the analyst day and looking for upwards of 25% unit growth from the September to December quarter, the difference we see now, our midpoint estimate is about 17% growth, third quarter, fourth quarter and a bit lower than we were previously expecting. But it's the result of a very strong September that came through in our licensee reports.
Bill Keitel: And Rod, Bill here, on the GDP growth estimate that’s underlying our current plan it’s unchanged from the time of the Analyst Meeting. The time of the Analyst Meeting consensus GDP worldwide among economist was 3.4%. And we thought that was a bit rosy. We based our plan on the 3% world GDP. Recently, our consensus economist were down to 3.2 and we’re maintaining our basis of 3% worldwide GDP growth for 2013.
Bill Keitel: This is Bill. I will take both of those questions. On the MSM ASP, the expectation there we had expected to increase a bit sequentially in the first fiscal quarter and we successfully did that. And yes, you're right. We do expect another increase sequentially in the second fiscal quarter, somewhat of a pattern we’re expecting for the full fiscal year for QCT.  On the QCT op margins, we are holding to that guidance range that you gave. For the second quarter -- second fiscal quarter we’re expecting a fairly significant dip in the operating margins, it’s based into the guidance we gave in a plus minus 17% kind of range. So -- and the decrease there are drivers. Number one is the volume, we do expect a decrease in MSM volume in the second fiscal quarter. Number two, QCT carries the bulk of the operating expense in QUALCOMM and at this time of year where we start employee payroll taxes and market expenses typically tick up in the December and January -- starting in January relative to the December quarter. Thirdly, it’s the time of year where we typically do our price resets in the QCT business and then lastly, the QCT team has a fairly high degree of activity of new product work ongoing. And so we expect that to drive up the product costs starting with this quarter.
Bill Keitel: I would just repeat what we said at the analyst day that we’ve got approximately 30% of our current R&D going towards projects that we don't expect to deliver revenue in fiscal 2013 – excuse me 27%, it was 30% to year prior, came down to 27% is our current expectation. 
Bill Keitel: Sure Stacy, first on the EPS guidance, correct, relative to our midpoint for Q1 we came in $0.14 higher and relative to the full year, relative to the midpoint we’re raising our guidance by $0.13. So in some of the words that we are seeing is that although we saw a little nice improvement here in the first quarter, we’re cautious on the remaining three quarters given the macro environment and so we’re not adding to the improvement at least at this point for the full fiscal year.  In terms of the tax item that you mentioned, yes there was a positive on -- because of the R&D tax credit extension. But if you recall though, what we have here on the outlook is better for QTL, pretty close what we previously had for QCT. And that imbalance raises our tax rate. And so that was able to -- with the R&D tax credit extension, we were able to offset that. There were other few, other items that weren’t that material, so I didn’t mentioned them. For example, foreign exchange in this outlook relative to budget hit us about a penny. So you’ve got some small things that are offsetting the benefit, R&D tax credit extension. But from an operating standpoint, I think it’s a pretty solid $0.13 raise for the full year.
Bill Keitel: Matt, this is Bill. On the first one on China, I think it was a pretty broad-based. Yeah, we did, we are updating our estimate a bit, improving our estimate for TD-SCDMA. But the strength across all the three operators is quite strong. CDMA2000 is going very strong. Take it back to the remarks that Paul gave earlier. And then China Unicom with WCDMA, so I think it's pretty widespread. China is going quite strong for 3G, 4G devices and we've seen that trend, and our updated estimates here are just improving that trend a bit. Much is the same for Latin America. That’s the other market of note I would draw your attention to. We've seen a lot of strength there and just our most recent data points say that that’s likely be a bit stronger than what we had previously been expecting.
Bill Keitel: Okay. Tal, it’s Bill. I will pick kind of add and maybe others want to add into it. On MSM seasonality, we do expect, obviously we've given your estimates our guidance for fiscal Q2. And if you just take the midpoint of that, we are expecting a decrease. Midpoints about $169 million MSMs compared to $182 million, we just reported having shipped in Q1. And going into Q3, at this point we are modeling kind of a flattish number and an increase going into the fourth fiscal quarter. On the cost, how that correlates this year to our earnings per share as compared to prior years. Recall that in the last couple years, QTL earnings strength has been very strong at least in proportion to the QCT earnings strength whereas this year, although we are looking for both business segments to grow at a double-digit rate, we are looking for QCT growth to be substantially greater than the earnings growth coming from QTL.
Bill Keitel: Kulbinder, first on the QCT margins. It’s Bill. I gave the four major drivers for the decrease that is built into our estimates. I'm not going to – we will stay away from assigning a value to any one of those four. I will have to suffice to say that we’re very comfortable with our forward plan in the business. It is a large decrease in the operating margin, but it is as we've said in the past we’re going to see quarterly swings. Nothing’s changed on what our three to five-year goals are for the QCT business nor our ability -- our sense of our ability to achieve those goals. So there are a lot of factors obviously, but I would just – the pricing that we give is very thoughtful, very well considered and it's always with the mind towards where we’re going to be looking a few years out.
Bill Keitel: James on the first one, we did see a very – we’re seeing a very nice upside to calendar 2012 3G 4G units, and I would just generally say it's fairly widespread by geography, but it's largely two main drivers. One is the upgrade rate, apparently subscribers upgrading to smartphones or upgrading their existing smartphone is one of the major drivers. And then secondly, we think we continue to see good progress on migration of 2G to 3G. We don't have a specific reason as to why those wouldn’t continue to be positive factors into 2013. It was simply a matter of rolling three months into the new fiscal year and we concluded that we have a positive bias in that 3G 4G unit forecasts for 2013 but we thought it was just a bit early in the year to be raising our estimates there. We thought let's wait another three months to see where we are at that time.  Although we’re very pleased obviously with the total 3G 4G market, I think we all have to be cautious given the macro-economic environment that we’re all seeing here. So I would just say positive bias but not enough at this point to cause us to raise those estimates.
Bill Keitel: Sure, Mark. Yeah. Total cash grew nicely and more so on the offshore, but offshore -- onshore did increase as well. I think we are clearly in a position where, we are hoping our 10B5-1 program that we have in place will trigger to use up some of that onshore cash. We think we’re in a bit of an excess position on the onshore. But having said that, we’re, I think you know our philosophy. We’d like to be very patience on those buybacks and our history has shown that’s been the prudent thing to do that eventually will deploy that cash. But at least, historically, we've been able to deploy it in a way that’s a very good return for the shareholder. On the offshore and your question, more optimistic, I think, I’m just not less optimistic on timing. I think we’ve all seen that we haven't seen any much, let say sufficient cooperation in Washington that is giving me more optimism on an effective corporate tax reform, which is really what’s needed. And clearly the agenda here in the near-term seems it’s going to be consumed with debt ceiling, sequester, gun control and immigration. However, I’m -- I remain hopeful. I think it can be a good driver to further improvement in the American economy. So I remain hopeful. But my timeframe on hope just moved out a bit.
