Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Cristiano and good afternoon everyone. We are extremely pleased to report strong results to start our fiscal year. We delivered our second consecutive quarter of record non-GAAP earnings, with revenues of $10.7 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $3.23. These results reflect year-over-year increases of 30% and 49%, respectively, driven by strength across both QCT and QTL. For QCT, this was another record quarter with revenues of $8.8 billion and EBT of $3.1 billion, up 35% and 62%, respectively versus the year ago quarter. QCT EBT margins of 35% surpassed end of our guidance range and increased six points versus the year ago quarter driven by revenue scale and operating leverage. Handset revenues of $6 billion increased 42% year-over-year due to greater than 60% growth in revenues from Snapdragon chipsets for Android devices. RF front-end revenues of $1.1 billion grew 7% versus the year ago quarter, reflecting the previously mentioned pull-in of demand into the fourth fiscal quarter. Our RF front-end revenues for Android devices grew by greater than 25% versus the year ago quarter as we continued to see strong traction across all major OEMs. IoT revenues were up 41% year-over-year to $1.5 billion on continued demand for our cloud connected intelligent edge devices. Each of the consumer, edge networking, and industrial categories grew by at least 30% compared to the year ago quarter. Automotive revenues of $256 million grew 21% year-over-year on the strength of our design wins across our Snapdragon digital chassis. We recorded QTL revenues of $1.8 billion, an increase of 10% year-over-year, and EBT margins of 77%, which was above the midpoint of the guidance. These results reflect a favorable mix and slightly higher handset shipments. Turning to global handsets and our guidance for the second fiscal quarter. For calendar 2021, consistent with the previous guidance, we estimate global 3G, 4G, 5G handsets grew 7% year-over-year, including approximately 535 million 5G handsets. For calendar 2022, there is no change to the forecast provided at our Investor Day with greater than 750 million 5G handsets. For the second fiscal quarter, we are forecasting revenues of $10.2 billion to $11 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.80 to $3. In QCT, we expect revenues of $8.7 billion to $9.3 billion and EBT margins of 32% to 34%. At the midpoint, this implies year-over-year revenue growth of 43% and EBT dollar growth of $1.4 billion. For handsets and RF front end, we expect revenues to be in line sequentially as seasonal decline in Apple revenues is offset by continued growth in revenues from Android devices. Within handsets, the increase in Android revenue is driven by the launch of our new Snapdragon premium chipset and additional shipments across high and mid-tiers due to our second sourcing efforts. Additionally, we expect strong year-over-year and sequential growth in our IoT and automotive revenue streams. We estimate QTL revenues of $1.45 billion to $1.65 billion and EBT margins of 70% to 74%. This reflects the normal pre-COVID trends following the strong holiday quarter. We anticipate non-GAAP operating expenses to be up 7% to 9% sequentially on normal seasonality, including calendar year resets for certain employee related costs. The remaining increase reflects select investments in long-term growth initiatives that we outlined at our Investor Day. Looking forward to the third fiscal quarter, we are forecasting year-over-year non-GAAP EPS growth of greater than 30%. For QCT, this reflect the seasonality following Chinese New Year purchases and the launch of our new Snapdragon premium chipset in the second quarter. We expect the next inflection point in QCT to be in the second half of the calendar year, with launch of new 5G handsets across several major OEMs. Lastly, we published our annual corporate responsibility and ESG report yesterday, which outlines progress against our company wide targets, including environmental sustainability, diversity and inclusion, and power efficiency of our Snapdragon products. We are pleased to have been recognized by several organizations, including making the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and Newsweek's most responsible company list for the third consecutive year. Thank you. Back to you, Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Samik, I think this is something that'll sustain for us going forward. We are in a very strong position as you see in the numbers. Our product portfolio is very strong as well. So as we keep -- go forward, we continue to expect to see this benefit in our financials.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So overall, the demand, as Cristiano mentioned in his prepared remarks, extremely strong across the board. And so we are continuing to see demand outpacing supply. As you rightly mentioned, we had put plans in place very early in the process, anticipating some of these challenges. And you're seeing the benefit of that, right? We have three second sourcing parts, especially in the mid high tiers that are shipping at scale now, and that shows up in our financial performance. And we have additional parts coming up as well. So that's definitely something that's helping us. The second is we're seeing capacity builds from some of our suppliers, and that's playing a role as well. As you look forward, we expect supply to continue to improve gradually through the year, in addition to where we are at now. And this entire picture, obviously, as you'd expect, is factored into our guidance.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Chris. Thanks for the question. So, overall, when you look at our fiscal year, we are tracking well ahead of plan. We're very, very happy with how the year is playing out for us. And that obviously puts us in a very strong position to meet and exceed our long-term Investor Day targets. If you look at the first half outperformance, beyond that, as we go into the third fiscal quarter, we are projecting EPS growth of at least 30%, an opportunity beyond that. And then as you get into the September quarter, as you know well, that's kind of the next inflection point for us with launches -- additional phone launches in -- across several major OEMs. So we're going to -- we're expecting very strong year-over-year growth in the September quarter as well. Also, when you look beyond handsets and we look at second half of fiscal 2022, RF front end, IoT and automotive all are poised to continue to show very strong year-over-year growth as we go through the year. So, generally, when you step back, we had a very strong second half fiscal 2021. Fiscal 2022 is shaping up just like that, very strong year-over-year growth rates.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Chris, that's the right conclusion. We're tracking well ahead of it. We're not updating that number yet. But I think based on the guidance that you have for second fiscal quarter and third fiscal quarter and the comments I gave on the fourth, what you're drawing is a very reasonable conclusion.
Akash Palkhiwala: Correct. Correct. Great. So I think it's a great story. You're seeing a combination of all three drivers, right? You have revenue scale benefiting us. Gross margin strength quarter-over-quarter also benefiting us. And then operating leverage of the business. So it's a combination of all three. And we're pretty excited that not just gross margin performance was great. When you look at operating margins as well, 35% is really a great benchmark for us. It's the highest margin in a long time for us. So pretty excited about where we are at and where we're going with it.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Mike, this is Akash. What's really happening with the $10 billion SAM opportunity is with the OEM mix change in China, all of our customers, Xiaomi, OPPO, Vivo, Honor, they're all picking up share. And as they pick up share and also go up tier, going into the high and the premium tier, as Cristiano just outlined, it gives us a tremendous opportunity to tap into it. So we've done a lot of it through, obviously, our products being great, but also working on the second sources that we mentioned in our prepared remarks. We still think that there is an opportunity to continue to expand into that SAM going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Mike. We're definitely -- that's a decision that we definitely make where if we can bias the supply in certain directions based on the market demands, we take advantage of that. And so it's something that we'll definitely do as we get to the June quarter.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Stacy, it's Akash. So it's a combination of, obviously, the adjacent outside non-handsets businesses helping the gross margin. Within handsets, you're seeing the benefit come through, especially as premium and high-tier devices at the high end of Android are being consumed, and we're selling into that market. And as you'll see in the guidance that we gave, we are still continuing to be optimistic with the gross margin picture.
Akash Palkhiwala: Stacy, no change on the framework that we've given on buybacks before. We're continuing to focus on prioritized anti-dilutive buybacks and opportunistically look for -- on top of that, if we can do additional buybacks. And so what you're seeing in the quarter is a portion of that showing up, but fundamentally, our framework doesn't change.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Yes. Tal, nothing to look there. I mean there isn't a story. We're going -- Apple is going to have their buying pattern across the quarters. And so that will flow through. But really, our focus is on the Android market, and there isn't a specific story that we're worried about there. Our position is good, and design traction going forward looks great.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Sure. So, Tal, as we had said at previous earnings call, December being a strong quarter for the handset business. We definitely prioritized business over some of the other new opportunities. Still great demand in those areas. And as we go forward, you'll see that growth rates ramp in each of those businesses. It's reflected in our guidance. As I said in my prepared remarks, we expect auto and IoT to see strong sequential growth in the second quarter and also a strong year-over-year growth. As you look at the second half of the year, you're going to see the same trend, strong year-over-year growth across the board.
Akash Palkhiwala: Not really. It will be consistent with our historical seasonality. The one thing to keep in mind is as we closed the Veoneer transaction, they'll become a factor in our OpEx trend going forward. But overall, there's -- you should expect the trend to be consistent with historical.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Joe, its Akash. If you go back to what we said at Analyst Day and the target that we set for the RF business, really, no change there, '22 is playing out as we expected. It's on-track to position us to achieve the target that we laid out. You should also think of RF as not just handsets. And today, most of the business is handsets, but we're going to have RF opportunities with 5G and automotive, with 5G and IoT and then WiFi RF as well. So tremendous growth opportunities outside of handsets that's in front of us. On millimeter wave, the guidance that we gave at Analyst Day did not have any heroic assumptions of growth of millimeter wave globally. We think of that as an upside opportunity.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Samik, this is Cristiano. Look, Android is a success story for us. This quarter continues to validate what we said before. OEM shared in shifts in China is benefiting Qualcomm, and we saw significant growth of Qualcomm share within the market as we have this new 10 opportunity. And we've seen that reflected in the growth we've seen in premium and high tiers. So it continues to be a story. It was the highlight of what happened in the handsets within the quarter. Akash outlined 60% year-over-year growth on Android. And I'll shift over to Akash to talk about seasonality.
Cristiano Amon: Look, it's Cristiano. Nothing more to add, other than, in simple terms, we see supply improvements. Our forward guide, it contemplates the visibility we have in supply. And -- but we still have more demand than supply. We'll ship more, if we could.
Cristiano Amon: Happy to do it. Before I answer that question, I just want to add one thing to the prior question that Akash answered. Look, we've been talking about our one technology roadmap that really scales, and this is exactly what you see as our diversification strategy unfolds and more or more of the revenue coming towards QCT from non-handset business, it gives us scale to the business, is all accretive to margins, and I think that's reflected in the numbers. And I think that will continue to be the story as we are able to leverage the road map. Now back to your question on competition, we're very happy where we are. Look, I provided a metric that we not usually do that in my prepared remarks. When we launched the new Snapdragon 8 series, we had 50 million views in -- of the launch event. And we have done that simultaneously both in the United States as well in 2 different locations in China. Snapdragon is becoming the preferred brand for premium tier Android. Not a single one of our customers think about flagship without thinking of Snapdragon 8 series. It's a very strong position to be in. As our customers move to the premium tier, we're seeing that turn into gains of share of the market for Qualcomm. That's why Android is the story of our handset business right now. And the reality is, as we look at the OEM share shift that happened in China, there's plenty of opportunity for us to grow and our competitors to grow. And I expect that we'll continue to have good results, and more and more our customers will be betting on the Snapdragon brand.
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. Let me just add one thing. I want to -- hopefully, this will explain. We're seeing demand for all of our product lines. We're seeing more demand than supply right now. I think demand continues to be up, but I think we're a very fortunate position to be in. When you think about the handset business, and you did see this very high growth rate on Android, 60% growth of Android within the quarter, we prioritize supply, as we said in the prior quarters, for the Chinese New Year launches. We will still have more demand than supply in all the growth business. As we go through the next quarter, you're going to see the growth business, and a lot of the non-handset business could growing, and then the next inflection point for handsets is the holiday season, which is our September quarter. And as we expect supply improvements throughout the year, I think we'll be able to continue to drive growth in all business. We're very happy with how the year is unfolding. And as I said, our supply picture is reflected in our forward guide. Having said that, demand continue to go up, and it's a good thing.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks, Ross. This is Cristiano. Thanks for the question. Here's how you should think about it. One thing that probably separate us, we've been very focused in premium and high-tier devices, high-value devices, a lot of new technology. And, therefore, it's -- we're kind of less impacted by semiconductor cost increases. It's more about the value of the platform we offer. The second part of the answer is what we said, I think, earlier. Our one technology roadmap really scales. And as we use the technology in our R&D to serve more markets, we gained scale with our application processor in premium Android, and Android becomes the key story of mobile, not the modem. It's really the application processor. And the Snapdragon 800 is the key story. Plus, we have the processing and connectivity into automotive and IoT. It is accretive to margins. The business gains scale, and those are highly profitable, I think, product offerings. So those two things have a factor, and it's reflected in the QCT 35% operating margin.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks for the question. Here is -- it's a complicated thing here. I'll try to provide a simple answer. Look, when we talk, for example -- and I was just going to pick this product an example. We talked about Snapdragon 8 Series Generation 1, and it's a leading node SoC, but it has a lot of attach. Yes, yes. The transceiver has entire front end attach. It has power management IC. And at the end of the day, when we provide a chipset solution to our customers, we need capacity across a number of different nodes. So when we think about multi-sourcing our products and put capacity expansion plans in place, so we have supply to support both our handsets in the growth business, we have been building capacity across all those different technologies. And as an example, when you think of things like a power management IC or even transceiver, we work with four or five foundries. So in the semiconductor supply chain shortage, it is across everything. Now having said that, the second part of the answer is, scale has been very helpful. Two things have been very helpful for Qualcomm. One is the high predictability we have on our demand. We can bet on ourselves, and therefore, we have the ability to make long-term capacity planning and get long-term capacity commitments from our vendors. And also, the scale that we have to be able to utilize multisourcing, that has put us in a good position to navigate through this. Now having said that, so I'll repeat what I said before, we still have more demand than supply, even though we're very happy with the growth rates and how good was the quarter, the guide how we've been managing, I think the seasonality between handsets and the growth business. But -- and as we said, supply is going to get better as we get to the second half of 2022.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks for the question. Automotive is really an incredible opportunity for Qualcomm. We're super excited about everything is happening automotive, has happened in a very short period of time. And I think we have something that is very unique. It's separate us from everybody else. So it's not about having a component. It's about creating a digital chassis with capabilities in all domains, from connecting the car to the cloud, telematics, the entire immersive digital cockpit experience and, of course, ADAS and autonomy, plus a service platform. GM is, as we said, a cornerstone customer that is not only looking into the capability of ADAS, and we're super proud of the work with them, on both the Super Cruise and Ultra Cruise, but also the ability to look of the entire chassis. BMW was another one, which we announced towards our Analyst Day. At CES, we announced Renault as an addition to the digital chassis. We -- you should expect that we have a lot of other irons in the fire. And overall, automotive is a good story for Qualcomm. It's something that we can actually take a platform approach and take some of the things we have done in mobile, it's take the technology to scale up and down to every tier of automobile. And I think we're just in the beginning of having more ADAS design wins and having the chassis be recognized as a key platform going forward.
Cristiano Amon: No, it's a great question. And I think as we've been trying to talk about on this call, when you think about the handset Android revenue for us and the growth for having in Android, you see a lot of growth right now. You saw that 60% year-over-year growth of Android, and we also have sequential growth. That's because of the Chinese New Year. And we're more skewed towards premium and high tier. And then we have -- the next inflection point will be the holiday season. And I think this is all contemplated in our guide. And the market -- we continue to see demand high. And because I think we're more concentrated in the premium and high tiers, we have been a little bit less impacted by some of the puts and takes that you see towards in the mid and the low tier of handsets.
Cristiano Amon: Great question. Look, let's talk about short term, and then let's talk about midterm. The way we look at this -- and we have been very clear and very consistent with our vision. At the end of the day, for Qualcomm, it's inevitable that you're going to have a big portion of the PC market moving towards the connected ARM platform. I think you saw that happening already with Apple, when you think about the Apple devices. And then when you think about the use cases of PC, PCs are changing at least for the workhorse of a laptop. It's about cameras. It's about connectivities. It's about multimedia. It's about streaming with 5G, including streaming of gaming, etcetera. So our view is very clear. There's going to be a big portion of the market is going to transition to an ARM architecture. And when you think of everybody else in the industry, we are the best positioned company to do that for the Windows ecosystem. I think that's reflected not only in the developments and the partnership we have with Microsoft for the years, but also the acquisition of NUVIA. Short term, as we prepare for Windows 11, Windows 11 is really the time that you have the ARM ecosystem able to support 32-bit, 64-bit. You have things like the Android apps coming to Windows. Our new partner we just announced, the 8cx Gen 3. We talk about CES about having now the device being tested in 200 large enterprises. And it's a step function. We'll continue to work with our partners on that transition. But I think every OEM that you're going to talk to, especially on the PC Windows side, they believe there's going to be a room for ARM-based laptop, and that's what Qualcomm is doing.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. First of all, I would like to thank everyone for joining on the call today. I'm really excited for what 2022 will bring. Demand for technology is accelerating across virtually every sector, and we remain at the beginning of one of the largest opportunities in our history. Our one technology road map with -- in comparable capabilities in wireless communications, low-power advanced computing and on-device AI extends from mobile to automotive and IoT, expanding our addressable market by more than seven times to approximately $700 billion in the next decade. In closing, we have the vision and the execution capabilities that will ensure we are at the forefront of innovation. As the world transforms, we will continue to move early and quickly to address these new opportunities and deliver technologies that enable industries and communities to advance. Most important, I would like to thank our 45,000 employees worldwide. I'm incredibly proud of the significant achievements we made. Thank you.
Rod Hall: Yes. Thanks, guys. Appreciate the question. I was just taking a look and we've been looking at this for a while, the quarter-on-quarter marginal contribution. So the QCT marginal contribution, if I look at the change in EBT and the change in revenue, I'm calculating 58% there in this quarter. And I know some of that is scaling, but I wonder if there's any way you could maybe at least give us some color on how much of that is the new marginal sales in QCT being higher margin and how much of it is just scaling effect on the revenue? Thanks. And then I have a follow-up.
Rod Hall: Yes. So Akash, what all I've done is taken the EBT of the December quarter less the EBT of the September quarter and put it over the revenue difference.
Rod Hall: Great. Thanks. And then on my follow-up, I wanted to ask you, Cristiano, if you could maybe comment on the -- there's been a lot of noise in the high-end Android chip market about upcoming competition and so on. And I just wonder maybe could you comment on the competitive environment a little bit there, what you're seeing -- what you anticipate seeing in the next six or nine months? Thanks.
