Derek Aberle: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. We continue to see favorable industry trends that are driving growth in the Licensing business. These trends include solid unit shipments during the December quarter, positive handset ASP trends within both developed and emerging regions and growth in sales of incremental connected devices. These trends help drive record unit shipments and total reported device sales during the December quarter. Going forward, we expect to continue to see strength in handset ASPs in developed and emerging regions, driven by growth in smartphones, including greater penetration into mid and lower tiers; a richer mix of devices in emerging regions such as China and India; and continued growth in tablet volumes. Accordingly, as Bill will discuss, we are raising our fiscal 2011 ASP estimate range from $190 to $200 to $199 to $209. We also expect the volume and breadth of new connected devices to continue to grow. In addition to tablets and e-readers, we are encouraged to see the emergence of new connected device categories such as the recently-announced 3G-enabled Sony NGP gaming device. As Paul mentioned, we are pleased to report that we have now resolved our dispute with Panasonic. As you may recall, the arbitration had been proceeding in phases. In the first phase, which was the only phase that had been completed as of the time of the settlement, the arbitrator had rejected Panasonic's claims that Qualcomm breached the license agreement. We are pleased with the terms of the resolution, which reflect the established value of our patent portfolio. Over the last few months, we have now successfully resolved both disputes that had been impacting our ability to fully reflect the operating performance of QTL. Accordingly, our second fiscal quarter results include the recognition of revenue attributable to these resolutions, including approximately $400 million in revenue related to prior periods. In closing, we are very pleased with the industry trends that are helping to drive our Licensing business, as well as the successful resolutions we have recently achieved. QTL continues to be well positioned for strong growth ahead in a very dynamic global wireless industry. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call over to Steve Mollenkopf.
Derek Aberle: Yes, this is Derek. I'll take that one. I think as you said, if you normalize Q2 for the past amounts, we're about 87% operating margin as compared around 84% from Q1. I think we do expect that the margin will be higher than the 84% run rate we had before. Whether it will be probably the 87%, we'll have to see. You've got to remember the December quarter is historically a high quarter, because of the December sales drive a big number. So if revenue comes down a bit in Q3 and Q4, you would expect that to affect the margin a bit.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek. I think you had a question about the Nortel portfolio. As you know, I think we believe we have an extremely strong and valuable LTE portfolio and obviously WCDMA portfolio of our own, which has been validated through the agreements we've already signed. And, we really just don't see the need for sort of the increment that with something like the Nortel portfolio. And we have taken a look at it and I think certainly at the price points, that it looks like it's going to sell forward, it's really not of interest to us at this point.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure. This is Steve. Typical with these type of events, we have been communicated with from the customer. And some of them had indicated that they don't have the ability to ship, I think pretty consistent with what Bill said also on his view of the market. And I think we've reflected that in our guidance and our unit guidance as well. We are, of course, building to a number that's larger than that, anticipating that they may be able to resolve those disputes, or the disputes with those supply chain constraints, as we would in this type of situation. I don't think it's a huge situation right now compared to what people think about in terms of Japan. Your second question was about application processor share and other segments, I'm sorry, I didn't get all of it.
Steven Mollenkopf: Well, Brian it's pretty difficult to go with exact number just because they're so -- there are very different ways that people cut up the market share calculation. I would say this, we're very pleased with the trajectory of how things have gone particularly in the Application Processor business. If you look at where we were, let's say, in the 2007 timeframe, when we really started to start to ship our first 7000-based devices to where we are now, we've grown quite strong in terms of using that technology. As you are aware, we have been investing both in additional application processor hardware designs but also into different software platforms, and that's really to enable us to continue to add new customers actually. So as things progress throughout the years, we are positive in terms of how things look for share in those areas. And I think that's really consistent with our view that the integrated approach is the one that will win long-term, particularly as a lot of the growth starts to happen in the more mass-market or the feature phone replacement tiers.
Steven Mollenkopf: Mike, this is Steve. I'll take the first half of that. So as we have been saying, we really have thought of LTE, and really all of the modem transitions, has been important to have a multi-mode solution, and that has been the case in our view with the transition into LTE. And as you're aware, we've been shipping LTE solutions, not only in the United States but also worldwide into Japan and across multiple customers. We are seeing, I think, some strong traction not just in the data-centric devices now but forward-looking in our product portfolio that combines both our application processor and our modem solution. Just like with WCDMA, during the initial days, there were a number of folks who worked on initial designs. But it was, I think, difficult to stay with the investment required in order to maintain really the feature roadmap that's required, I think, to deliver high-end modems. So we think that it'll probably play out in a similar way with this transition as well.
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes. Again, I think we've cautioned a bit about the reliance upon the implied rate, although we did talk a bit about it on the last call. The two data points, I think, we gave last call was with the resolution of the first licensee dispute, we expected the full year fiscal year to be in the range of 3.5%. And then we said exiting the year, we were expecting something in the range of 3.4% to 3.5%. And I think now with the resolution of Panasonic, we would expect the full year implied rate to be a bit higher than the 3.5%. And I think although you have to remember that there's fluctuations quarter-over-quarter and a lot of moving pieces here, we're still comfortable sort of what the exit range of 3.4% to 3.5%.
Steven Mollenkopf: Tim, this is Steve. On the first question, we really see the year unfolding pretty much the way that we had said all along since really November. And of course, we improved it a bit a couple of times here. But it's really unfolding pretty much the way that we have discussed. We think that right now, you'll continue to see the mix of mass-market smartphones probably a bit stronger than the high tier devices that really dominated in the first half or the first quarter of the year. We will continue to, as you know, invest in the business because we believe this is a very, very important time in terms of where we can position the business down the road. And Paul mentioned a number of very exciting things that are happening from new customer acquisition as well as the migration of, I think, the mainline computing to OSs that will enable us to really grow our market up into the computing space. So we'll continue to make those investments into the portfolio, and I think you'll see that continuing the results this year. But we still feel very good about how the year's unfolding and pretty much in line with as we discussed.
Steven Mollenkopf: Ehud, on the sequential shipments, I would say you probably answered it in your question to some degree. It is a little bit unusual year because of the events. Also, you should remember too that there's a pretty big transition happening in the industry as we move to smartphones and LTE and things, and those technology transitions also come along with some OEM juggling as well. And so it's probably a little bit less seasonal in terms of the March to the June quarter probably than what you've seen in the more established pattern. We probably saw a little bit, also, at the end of this quarter, where some customers were looking to get parts because of the events in Japan. That probably had a very small impact in terms of the audit of the numbers. I don't think it really had a great impact in terms of the financials, though.
Steven Mollenkopf: I'm sorry, what I was trying to say there is, there's really some transitions going on in the industry with LTE and the smartphone transition happening in some of the other markets. So I'm not sure we're really trying to make a commentary on the broader market, outside of what Bill mentioned.
Steven Mollenkopf: Ittai, it's Steve. Yes, we did not change the guidance in terms of operating margin for QCT for the year. There's been some change, but I don't think enough to really bump us into another range. Pretty much the same as we've said consistently the entire year. We really expect that the mix of more mass-market smartphones tend to be the dominant shipments here throughout the year as some of these migrations occur. And really, the feature phone gets converted into the smartphone, which we think really plays into our advantages in terms of integration. We want to take advantage of that. That enables us, I think, to really grow our position in some of these new accounts, and both up and down. When some of the things that we talked about in terms of these new customers and LTE and some of the higher tier products tend to become a little bit more as a higher percentage of a mix, we think that will change, but I just don't think that's going to happen in the existing fiscal year.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure, Rod, this is Steve. So in general, I'd say, really, the year and the pricing environment and, really, the mix in the market is playing out pretty much the way that we had thought. And if you look at, I think, what's happening for us, we really feel like the strategy is working. It's enabling us to maintain or grow share through the market as the -- as really there's been a pretty big mix in terms of which OEMs are shipping and then across different tiers. And we really consider the game now has moved from providing one or two chipsets to providing a portfolio of chipsets on the smartphone side. And in some quarters, I think you'll see a bigger mix of emerging market or mass-market smartphones. In some quarters, you'll start to see more developed market or higher-end smartphones depending on what happens in a particular area. And you've seen both of those type of quarters, I think, in our results. And I think if you just look at it over a longer period of time, not just one quarter, I would hope that you would come to the same conclusion. But we definitely feel pretty good about how the strategy is playing out. It's also enabling us to acquire new customers, which we think also will pay dividends down the road as well.
Steven Mollenkopf: Yes. I think we see the environment pretty much in line with what we expected throughout the year, really.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure, I'll take the first question. You got broken up a little bit, but I think the question was about our technology or node transition. And so we feel actually very confident in what we're getting from our fabless suppliers in terms of technology at the transistor level. As I'm sure you are aware, we actually feel that we're in the front in terms of the 28-nanometer transition. I should make sure everyone's aware, though, that we have the option to select, even today and in the past, a more higher performing transistor if we need to. But we actually don't because we think that our combination of our mobile platforms or our mobile-centric solutions require a particular type of transistor that is a little bit different match between performance and power. And so we actually have the ability, even within the nodes that we're in today, to select a more powerful transistor and we don't, because we think we have the right trade-off. So we feel very comfortable on that. Now, of course, we are pushing very hard to continue to keep the fabless semiconductor manufacturers and suppliers moving along the node transition. And I would say over the last two years, the environment, with the addition of Samsung and Global Foundries to the fabless world, really created I think much more investment in that area. And we feel probably more comfortable about where we sit today than where we sat two years ago because of that addition. So we're getting good service, we think, from our fabless foundry partners and we continue to move forward with the system approach.
Steven Mollenkopf: Mark, this is Steve. I want to be careful of course to protect the product plans of Nokia and timing and such, so I'll try not to do that. But what I can say is that I think it's -- we're actually very pleased that they made the decision and obviously, we have a unique offering in the industry, which is the ability to provide our solution across a tier of products. And I think that's one of the things that Nokia as well as other OEMs find useful. How that will play out in the market, how that will be received -- I mean, there's obviously a lot written about that and we continue to invest very heavily in that account and optimistic as to how it will play out. But obviously, you need to see how it goes and they'll continue to have our strong support.
Steven Mollenkopf: It's a good question. I think every OEM is unique in terms of what they go after and what they value. So it's hard to say. They all have different strategies and require, in some cases, different approaches. But in all cases, I think they value a scale that we can bring to the business, and that seems to be one of the things that the execution that we've been able to build together across multiple years has been beneficial. But I don't expect it to be any different here with this account. You should know too that we have been working with them for a couple of years, actually. So we do know each other quite well at the development level.
Steven Mollenkopf: James, on the first question, it's pretty hard to break apart the different items. I think what I was trying to say in my comments is that you should -- this year is a little bit different than I think other years just due to a number of different changes that are happening as everyone is trying to migrate their businesses through the feature phone, the smartphone transition. Then on top of that, you have transition to LTE depending on what their product strategy. Then you have the events in Japan. So it's not inconsistent with that to see some units move around from quarter-to-quarter. And so we don't -- I think it will be difficult for me to break them out. I think the one trend, though, that does tie them together to some degree is that we are seeing that broad demand across the portfolio and across different OEMs. It's just a barrier there. I think if you play it back for several years, it's hard to find a pattern.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure, I think there are really two key elements. This is Steve. The first one is, obviously, first mover advantage, which is we've been working with Microsoft for some time. They have, as I'm sure you're aware, really limited the number of silicon partners that they worked on with Windows Phone 7 in order to make sure that they had a very consistent and well-tailored software experience to the hardware that we could provide. So you have that number one. The second part that I think we're probably better positioned than other folks is we have a bit of a broader technology portfolio, and that means really two things to the OEM. The first thing is it means that they can deliver products across multiple tiers or different price points with the same or at least a very leveraged investment. The other thing that we have I think that's a bit unique is the ability to support CDMA, LTE and WCDMA ecosystems, either separately or in the same device. And so that those advantages really open up multiple markets with one investment, and it's really -- it's a statement of scale. So we think that, in this account, is a very key thing. And by the way, that's something that we use in many different accounts in order to grow our place there. So we think we're pretty well positioned there. But as I always tell the team internally, you have to earn it every day, so we have to go through the launches and make sure that we keep ourselves and our customers in the lead.
Steven Mollenkopf: Sure. So as we said some on earlier calls, as the market moves and the 2G to 3G migration happens in some of the other geographies that are served in markets where the operator may not be as strong, as typically is the case, whether there's not an OEM or a strong OEM channel, it requires us to evolve our business model a bit and to line up more partners who can help us deliver chipsets into those geographies. So we have evolved our product portfolio to provide a bit more of a reference design through partners. So that's continuing to progress well. We are I think timing the entry into those markets the same time the 2G, 3G transition is occurring, as well as the migration of the mass-market smartphones. But it's not a big portion of the business yet, that particular delivery of solutions.
Paul Jacobs: In terms of consolidation, I'll echo what Steve was saying, we see different people coming at it, right? You have the in-house solution. We've seen some of those already not gain traction and people come to us to get support. You see some of the companies that started out, for example, WiMAX trying to make their way into LTE and some acquisitions and consolidation happened because of that. And obviously, it's not just LTE that's causing it, it's just the pace of operator rollout of new technology, whether it's HSPA+ or LTE or as we drive forward on the new technologies, supplemental downlink we've talked about, LTE Advanced. We're going to try and keep the pressure on keeping investments going in those areas to make sure that we have a leadership position and just continue to force the competition to keep up and I do think that will create a more difficult dynamic for them and which will certainly can lead to consolidation or those people sort of dropping out of the business.
Paul Jacobs: Tim on your confidence question, our guidance for TRDS for fiscal Q3, our tier confidence is quite high. Obviously, the ASPs have trended higher, we've incorporated that into our estimates. Our licensees -- a lot of our licensees share their forecast with us, and so we're well aligned with them. Yes, we typically do see a seasonal decline at this time of the year, but other than that, I'd say our confidence is fairly high.
Paul Jacobs: In terms of mirasol, this is Paul, we're in the process of building the fab shell in Taiwan right now and have first phase of tools on order. There is some impact of the situation in Japan on the ability of the tool suppliers to supply. That pushed out some of the investment that we thought would fall into this fiscal year into the next fiscal year. In terms of the displays and sales, we're continuing to work with customers on launch devices. The key for us is to ensure that we and our customers bring out a very solid e-reader device to market when we launched that. And as we've said before, the volumes are going to be quite small until the new fab gets online. So really, the first products are in some sense almost a beta for us to get the manufacturing processes going. And then we'd expect to see that ramp up significantly with the new fab.
Paul Jacobs: Let me just add. This is Paul. The Atheros acquisition really lays the groundwork for us as we look forward to machine-to-machine world, which people call a thousand radios per person or the Internet of things were all these ideas. But fundamentally, the idea is that wireless is going to be an enabling technology into a lot of industries, into a lot of devices, whether its Smart Grid, and radios embedded into lighting and HVAC and thermostats and these kinds of things or healthcare or obviously the consumer electronics businesses, the network businesses that Atheros is in right now. But this is early days for machine-to-machine. It's got a lot of hype around it. We're well positioned because, in fact, Qualcomm started out as a machine-to-machine company with our OmniTracks business way back when. But we just -- we see this as a trend going forward. We see it as a significant growth opportunity going forward and we wanted to make sure that we were well positioned from the very start of this opportunity.
Paul Jacobs: Yes, I want to say thanks to everybody for joining. We felt like it was very strong quarter for the business, for the core businesses. And you saw QCT with growth and good mix and new customers, QTL with growth also. And getting some of these disputes behind us certainly makes us feel good. The world's clearly coming our direction. The investments that we've made in the past, I think, are paying off well with smartphones and significant data demand, changes in mobile computing. And we talked about a number of growth drivers at the meeting we had in New York, 2G to 3G continuing to go strong. Obviously, smartphones, we've talked about. Emerging markets, we're very, very happy with what we're seeing in terms of new technologies going into the emerging markets, allowing those markets to bridge the digital divide and really leapfrog. Lots of excitement around new devices. Obviously, tablets are the ones that capture the most attention but we talked abut a number of others. And then just as data demand driving the advanced technologies out there, so making our leadership position with the R&D that we do and the expertise we have on the radio side, be that much more valuable. And of course, we're now becoming experts in a lot of other areas because the phone is getting so much capability built into it. So we continue to see significant opportunities to innovate and lead and be a great partner to new customers and, of course, a great partner to our existing customers. So thanks very much for joining us.
William Keitel: I'll take the TRDS, your first question there, the $40 billion number. The ASPs did come in much stronger. Volume was healthy, but the upside, Tim, was, we think, was more so driven by stronger ASPs. The upgrade rate on the consumer end seems to be very, very strong, which if not for the Japan matter would -- that was a prime driver to what we're seeing behind higher consumer demand in that end market. But we thought it best to be cautious there given the Japan matter. So upgrades are going strong and that's showing through in strong ASPs. I don't recall the second question.
William Keitel: Tim, on the $400 million revenue question, again, those are revenues that we booked in the second quarter related to resolution of the licensee disputes. It's revenues specifically that apply to prior periods. Last quarter, at this time, when we had just resolved one of the disputes, we had guided an expectation of about $250 million that we will report this quarter related to prior periods. So obviously, there's about $151 million increment now, now that we have the second licensee dispute resolved. I would say, though, that although the $250 million estimate was reasonably accurate, it was not exact. And so it's not a pure split that you can take -- you can't just take $151 million assign it that to the new dispute and $250 million to the prior, but our prior guidance was in the range.
William Keitel: This is Bill. On the ASP, you're right, they have been very strong in the market, reflecting upgrades in the smartphones as we all know. It does diverge a bit in the chipset, and I think this is consistent with our strategy where we're pricing pretty aggressively this year to open up the broader market of smartphones to the mass market. And so yes, I think that divergence, we recognize it. I think it's conscious on our part to be driving some of that divergence. On the OpEx side, we did come in a bit higher. If you put aside the starting of the charitable foundation, it did come in a bit higher. We're expecting it a bit higher for the year putting that aside as well. With the increased revenues, there is a small amount of our operating expenses that tend to be variable with the revenues, but nothing I would regard as a significant change.
William Keitel: Ittai, on the investment portfolio, there's about a 5% net unrealized gain on the portfolio. So just a little more of $1 billion unrealized net gain. Looking forward on that, the bulk of that gain resides in fixed income instruments managed by select people that we utilize. And it's really -- it's going to be a function of what they see their opportunities to either capture or transition their fixed income investments. So it's pretty much in their hands. Other than that, I think as you know, on a forward-guidance basis, we only include a forecast of realized gains to the extent we're highly confident that they're going to happen. For this quarter, we did include -- in our guidance, there is an amount of that. That going forward, it's kind of just we'll have to see how it goes as to what might the incremental above that.
William Keitel: Atheros, we've got one more regulatory -- international regulatory agency to get through. And beyond that, there's been a lot of preparation for the closing. Yes, we still do expect to close in this fiscal quarter.
William Keitel: And James on the ASP increase we're expecting for this year, it's very broad across all the geographies we track, both developing regions and developed. In fact, in the developing area, the percentage increase that we're seeing in the ASP is much more significant relative to developed world because you might imagine that you're coming off of a somewhat a voice-centric low data-centric focus now into a smartphone and say a DO-Rev. A and HSDPA or UPA capability. And so the percentage increase on the ASP is pretty substantial in the developing markets. But I think the key point is that we're seeing it broadly across all the regions we track.
