Derek Aberle: Thank you Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. As we expected when we presented in New York in November, we see favorable trends in the industry continuing to develop that will drive further growth in our Licensing business. In particular, we are seeing strength in ASPs in both developed and emerging regions. September quarter activity also ended up being a bit stronger than anticipated, driven by smartphone shipment strength in the developed regions in particular. This drove record total reported device sales and a strong sequential growth in average selling prices. I am also pleased to report that we have now resolved one of the two licensee disputes that we have been working to bring to a close. This is not Panasonic. It is the licensee that has been underpaying its royalties to us.  We are pleased that we are able to resolve this dispute in a manner that is consistent with the established value of our patent portfolio and without the need for litigation or arbitration. The result of this resolution will start to be reflected in our fiscal second quarter results including a one-time catch-up for past periods. As I discussed in New York in November, due to a variety of factors including the fact that certain QTL revenue components such as fixed licensing fees and infrastructure royalties are growing at a slower pace than subscriber royalties, the increasing diversity of incremental product types with non-traditional royalty structures contributing to our Licensing revenues, as well as the impact of intermittent licensee disputes, the implied royalty rate that you calculate based on the information we provide has become a less reliable metric for measuring the performance of the QTL business. Having said that, the resolution of this licensee dispute increases our estimate for what we expect your calculation of the implied royalty rate to be for fiscal 2011.  We had previously said that we expected your calculation as the implied royalty rate based on the midpoint of our prior guidance for fiscal year 2011 to be approximately 3.3%, excluding amounts for prior periods. While we have not yet finalized the accounting for the license agreement that we recently signed to resolve this dispute, we now expect the implied royalty rate you will calculate for fiscal year 2011 to be approximately 3.5%, including a one-time benefit in the second quarter for periods prior to fiscal 2011, as well as the first quarter of fiscal 2011. And that we will exit the fiscal year with an implied royalty rate, as you calculated, of approximately 3.4% to 3.5%.  It is important to note that this updated outlook excludes any potential upside that may result from the arbitration with Panasonic. As we mentioned during our last call, we are very pleased with the outcome of the first phase of that process as the arbitrator issued an interim order, finding that QUALCOMM did not breach its license agreement with Panasonic. This supports our belief that Panasonic's claims are without merit. In closing, I'm very pleased with the successful resolution we have announced today and continue to feel QTL is well-positioned for strong growth ahead in a very exciting global wireless industry.  Thank you, and I'll turn the call over to Steve Mollenkopf.
Derek Aberle: Let me just add one thing on the rate. I think we made two points on the implied rate that you calculate. One is that for the full fiscal year, taking into account the $250 million, that we expected it to be in the range of 3.5%. And then we also said exiting 2011, meaning the fourth quarter of 2011, we expect it to be between 3.4% and 3.5%.
Derek Aberle: On the first point on the difference between this deal and the other dispute, I think we haven't really gotten into trying to characterize one versus the other. And I don't think we're prepared to do that today. Remember when we went out and we gave prior guidance, we had said that there was an amount, whether it was probability adjusted or otherwise, but there was an amount that was included in our prior guidance related to resolution of licensee dispute. And so now there's some increment above that, that's now in the guidance as a result of actually concluding the deal, which is making a positive move on the implied rate.
Derek Aberle: We said through the end of fiscal 2010, for both disputes, that there was approximately a $200 million in revenue not being recognized or deferred.
Derek Aberle: Well, that was as of the end of 2010. And so what we're saying is for the prior period, as we've said prior to Q2, it would be amounts for the first fiscal quarter of '11, as well as prior periods to that. So you have yet a missing quarter in there. Then on your tablet question, I think the tablets, quarter-over-quarter, were up in terms of both units and the percentage of total devices reported to us. And so as we explained in New York in giving the capping program we have in place, that's going to have an impact on the implied rate, which you're seeing to some extent this quarter.
Derek Aberle: And just add one other thing, I think as Bill pointed out in his comments and as I did as well, I think we're continuing to see positive trends both in developed and emerging markets on ASP. I think one thing that pushed the ASP up this quarter was just more strength in developed markets. And so I think really going forward, the ASP for the year, the question will really be the mix between the developed and the emerging regions.
William Keitel: Mike, on your first question, the QCT margins for the rest of this year, we do expect, with this Q2 guidance, pretty substantial decline from the first quarter into the second quarter. Again, consistent as with what we expected at the time we were with you in New York three months ago. From that point, I would just say that at this early stage, we expect to be going out of the year just a bit modestly higher on the margins, but of course that will be a function of volume and mix as we go. On the $250 million, I think the key there is just to know that when you look at Q2 in terms of comparing it to what you want to model for Q3 and forward is that, that was an amount that really relates to prior periods. We haven't gotten into, as of this early stage, of how much of that might be Q1 versus prior periods. The deal was just recently signed, so we haven't gotten to that far yet. But I think with the information given here on the call, including our expectation of implied royalty rate, hopefully, you've got enough to do some decent modeling of the business going forward. Derek, do you want to. . .
William Keitel: Brian, it's Bill. On the ASP within that TRDS guidance that we gave, it does include a modest decrease in the average ASP through the rest of this year. But I would say it's being favorably impacted by both tablets and smartphones as a whole. But nonetheless, we do see a lot of movement towards mass-market smartphones that should help grow the market. But as a consequence also, lower the average selling price a bit.
William Keitel: And Tim on the channel inventory, we gave some specifics on that outlook, our forecast back in New York three months ago. And our current estimates are pretty tight to that prior forecast. We did expect some inventory build for the holiday season. Our best estimates, it wasn't inordinate. And we expect a modest work down here over the next two quarters, a little uptick going into the final quarter of this fiscal year. But at this point, going out of this year, our channel inventory forecasts and QCT's forecast is based on a forecast that the channel remains quite low.
William Keitel: Simona, it's Bill. The slight decrease in Q1, I think your math is based on the numbers we provided, and yes, we did see a slight decrease. It's a mix of product, not a change in rates for any licensees. And as you're aware, we have been expecting tablets to increase, connected devices to increase. So that slight decrease in the Q1 was consistent with our expectation. As for the full year, there is an uptick due in part to the resolution. Obviously, there's the implied rate that you calculate based on the information provided. There's a fairly significant increase in Q2. But then, we've given you the data so that you could pull out of that if you like the amount of that, that would be attributable to prior periods. Then for the full year, in addition to the license resolution amount, we are expecting some mix shift that does slightly favor the implied royalty rate. And then as we said previously, the remaining dispute with Panasonic, that's not included in our guidance. So that would be further upside if we can successfully conclude it this year.
William Keitel: We're not going to get into further disclosure there, but I think I would just point lastly to what Derek said. This implied royalty rate, it's an indicator. It can be suspect. You have to be careful how it's used because it can give some wrong signals. But the reason we gave you the data points we did was to just help you triangulate through what this license dispute resolution is in the context of our year versus just the ongoing business without -- independent of that resolution.
William Keitel: Rod, I'll try and answer the question here. So yes, we are raising our revenue guidance by a total of $1.2 billion. The low end and the high end of our guidance increased by a total of $1.2 billion. That does include the revenues we expect this year as a result of the license dispute resolution that we just announced here today. And then within that license -- and let me further before I do, of the $1.2 billion, approximately $650 million is attributable to the chipset business QCT and approximately $550 million of that is attributable to QTL. And then the only other data point we shared on the QTL breakdown was that we expect at this time approximately $250 million of Q2 revenue that is in that $1.2 billion raise for the full year, we expect about $250 million to be attributable to periods prior to the first quarter. So that license dispute resolution is first quarter and prior, the prior periods. And so that license dispute resolution number is specific only to QTL. That does not port directly into QCT.
William Keitel: Ittai, on the operating expense raise, we are getting negatively impacted a bit by foreign exchange on the Op expense. So that's a piece of it. We have not included the Atheros business in our forecast. But nonetheless, we have incurred fees with advisors that will be paid regardless of whether we close that transaction or not, so you have those two elements. And then there is a small piece of our total expenses that tend to be variable with revenue. The major R&D spends, I would say no major changes from the program that we had lined up and the allocation of the R&D dollars lined up across programs from just three months ago. As always, we continue to review those amounts, debate those amounts. But after we lock in the budget, the changes tend to be relatively small. So no significant new introductions at this point to the R&D program.
William Keitel: Then on the investment gains, yes, we're staying with our past practice of not including a forecast of realized gains. I did point out that as we've had now for a few quarters, the net unrealized gains are over $900 million. Now the reason we don't include that is because we think it's just suspect to forecast. Historically, there tend to be a bit more gains than what we are able to clearly see. But anything that crosses over anything that isn't highly certain. If we don't have investments maturing that are going to have a gain, if we don't have managers that are saying they are going to exit a position, or at the time we give guidance, if we already have, our money managers have realized gains, we include that. But beyond that, we do not include. Hence why on average, over the last number of quarters, you see a bit more income there reported than what we guide.
William Keitel: Ehud, I'll take the first part of your question. Your math is largely correct. I won't comment on whether it's approximately $0.70 per quarter for the next three quarters equally. I think I did mention earlier we are expecting a little bit better in the fourth fiscal quarter at this point, but your math is correct. And a couple of key drivers there. In QUALCOMM'S first half of any fiscal year, we get the Christmas effect both in QCT and QTL. So over the years, the first half of the fiscal year does tend to be greater than the second half of the fiscal year, so that's number one. Number two, as we pointed out, you do have this $250 million that does relate to periods prior to the second fiscal quarter, and so we won't see that in Q3 or Q4 in the second fiscal half. And then thirdly, as we went through in New York and in effect what we're reiterating here is that QCT is aggressively going after what we see is a fairly substantial smartphone mass-market. And we've got new products as well to go at that market. And for fiscal 2011, we expect the margin on those products to be lower than what we have historically seen with new products. And the target is that in fiscal '12, we follow on with replacements product, namely the 28-nanometer, that brings those margins back to the level that we want to see. So I think those are the key drivers. But your math, Ehud, I mean it's basically correct, yes.
William Keitel: Maynard, on the QCT margins, so our estimates for the year is to be in the range of 22% to 24% for the full year consistent with what we said three months ago. We did note that within that range, we are edging a little bit higher than where we were at the outset of this fiscal year. But that edging, so to speak, is not enough that we felt comfortable raising the 22% to 24% range. So obviously, to end up with an average of 22% to 24% after having just reported a quarter here of 30%, we expect a substantial decline. We do expect that, it is built into our guidance here for the second fiscal quarter. And it is just, it's the same drivers that we're seeing today as what we saw three months ago. We see a greater volume going forward relative to the recent couple of quarters of more developing market. And then we do see this opportunity to drive a mass market of smartphones and we're targeting that with new chipsets we have and those chipsets do have lower margin than traditionally we've seen in the past.
William Keitel: Maynard, nothing new on the Atheros. Things are progressing along. We expect them to file their. . .
William Keitel: Mark, on your first question in terms of rank ordering, I think the drivers here are pretty broad. The chipset demand on QCT, we're seeing better units for the fiscal year than what we saw three months ago. We are seeing a pretty good healthy increase across a number of products there. And after this first quarter, on balance, we have seen an uptick here in some of the demand for the higher end developed market products. But as we said, we do expect that trend to be shifting a bit here as the year progresses for QCT. So I think that's -- and then that much traces back into the Licensing business as well. The other thing I do want to point out is in November we said we had an undisclosed amount, but we had an amount in our guidance that we thought was prudent, prudent based on our expectations at that time of resolving one or both of the licensee disputes. And so although there's an increment here in our guidance just for the resolution of this licensee dispute, the absolute number is greater and the difference being it's making up -- it's covering that prudent amount that we had put in our guidance at the outset of the fiscal year.
William Keitel: And then Tal, on your cash question, just to be clear. We're not making any change in what we said just a little bit ago when we announced the Atheros deal. It's just that we've got a ways to go here on the planning and just getting to the point where the acquisition does, in fact, occur. So we've got a ways to go on that. If we would not use offshore cash, we have $6 billion of onshore. And so if we did use onshore, there would be less available for stock buybacks. But other than that, I don't see a significant difference.
Steven Mollenkopf: And Brian, this is Steve. With regards to the tablet and the smartphone traction, as you can tell from my comments, we're very comfortable actually and confident as to how that design ramp is going. It's probably what distinguishes us a little bit from some of the other competitors that you're seeing. I think we're engaged with a little bit more broadly -- or a little bit broader customer base. And so I think our time to volume will probably be a little bit faster when you consider how many different partners that we're engaged with. So we feel very comfortable with that. The other thing to remember also is that in addition to a migration to dual core and advanced graphics, which we're seeing and we've been supplying in our chipsets, you're also seeing a migration to a higher tier modem feature set as well. And so as we go through the year, I think you're going to start to see more and more of these high-tier tablets and high-tier smartphones be associated with LTE as well. Both of those areas of technology, graphics and processors on the application side, as well as the LTE modem are areas of strength for us, we think.
Steven Mollenkopf: Well, not only that. I think there's going to be a requirement for any market to take your tablet or to take your high-tier smartphone and to migrate that to other markets. And when they do that, I think there's going to be a demand for multimode LTE, multimode being 3G, as well as 4G and coupled with that high-tier processor. And in addition, if you...
Steven Mollenkopf: Tim, this is Steve. I'll take the first one. I think you'll see our dual-core designs start to ramp I would say late in the first half, maybe a little bit later than what you're hearing for some initial designs from other folks. But you're going to start to see that I think across multiple OEMs. We probably didn't benefit from being the lead design for the new software coming out of some of the software partners, but we're rapidly adding that capability and across multiple OEMs. And as I said, once you couple it with LTE, I think it starts to create a -- some pullback to us, so we're pretty comfortable how that's going to ramp.
Steven Mollenkopf: And this is Steve, maybe I could add one other comment, which is that we do have a calendar year pricing reset, which does hit us in the quarter that we're talking about. This year, not unlike other years, similar type of move. And then in addition, I think there's also some employee payroll-type issue that hits, as well, that probably impacts a little bit on top of the function or the trends that Bill mentioned as well. The other thing to remember is we're coming off a very strong quarter where you had significant growth, or significant number of units really in the North America space, and in the smartphone space, the high tier, and there's probably little bit of seasonality in that as well.
Steven Mollenkopf: On the QCT margin part. This is Steve. Maybe I'll try to also complete the answer to the last question, Mark's question. So we do see a strong trend to mass-market smartphones. It tends to be correlated to people who are engaged with multiple operators worldwide. Those folks who are probably a little bit more concentrated in the United States probably don't see it as much as you would tend to see if you are engaged worldwide. It tends to be driven in some areas by the transition from 2G to 3G, as I said in my remarks. That being said, and then maybe tying this to the op margin, for us sequentially, you've got a normal calendar year price reset. This year, not unlike other years if you go back from our side. And then in addition, you have a little bit of a mix shift in terms of sequential mix shift towards the mass-market smartphones. Those two events combined and you get a sequential drop in terms of the op margin. I'm not sure if you're going to see a number quite as deep as you may be calculating, but we definitely will see a difference in the sequential number.
