George Davis: This is George. Chris you're correct in citing that the real difference year-over-year in Q1 was driven by the thin modem business share change at Apple. We're actually seeing strong positioning in our products really everywhere else. And if we're seeing any weakness in the guide it's really in low tier units, which is partially seasonal and also just I think a reflection of the economy in China.
George Davis: Hey, Mike. It's George. Maybe I'll cover off on the revenue per MSM. What we're seeing is even with a softness in the marketplace our premium tier devices continue to be strong and growing both year-over-year and quarterly, which is really a testament to the new products. And we're also seeing continued strength in the high-end mid tier overall. So, revenue per MSM and in what is normally seasonally challenging second quarter is going to be quite healthy as your back of the envelope calculation is correct. It should be a very strong revenue per MSM and quarter for us.
George Davis: Yes. So just to answer your question on the competitive dynamics. We continue to see pressure at some of the lower tier devices. And so, which we see down in Q2 some of it is we believe based on share loss and some is based on just the size of the market which you would typically see pullback seasonally on that. I would say China overall has been probably the -- while it's been extremely good for Qualcomm overall, if we look at '18, compared to our expectations going into '18, demand in China has been substantially lower than we would have estimated for total demand in China not speaking to our share in this case which has led us -- is one of the factors that led us to put the estimates for the calendar year '18 units down to the low-end of our guidance range from last quarter. I will let -- were you going to jump in…
George Davis: Yes. Really what you're seeing Stacy is the adjustment that comes from the change in reported units which is consistent with what we're seeing in the numbers that we're now using to revise our guide. I would also say in -- you get some of the dynamics in our outlook that relate to how much in a given quarter is reflected by OEMs that are not paying on their licenses and reporting and those that are. And so, one of the things that you'll see is, we're actually -- while we're seeing market conditions overall worsen in Q2 when you adjust for the Huawei payment. We're seeing modest improvement in the underlying revenue for QTL. And that really reflects the fact of the mix of the parties in there.
George Davis: Yes. I think again I would say the market if I did apples to apples comparison, I would say the market is down basically modestly compared to that quarter where we had that very low demand quarter out of China that we talked about. And I think that's the biggest factor, but it's -- we do see it down somewhat but not as much as you might have expected because of dynamics in -- what was effectively Q3 last year.
George Davis: Yes. This is George. I'm going to take the -- I'll take a little bit on the device forecast. Just to be clear the up 5% includes non-handsets as well and that's where you're getting the growth -- the real growth year-over-year. We've said 1% growth in handsets over '18. And '18 was down 1% over '17. We're still seeing in our forecast we see continued softness we expect the developed handset demand to be down. We think that's the replacement rates as people start to think about 5G devices coming into the marketplace. And then, you're not seeing as big a impact in '19 from China as you saw in '18. But you're also not seeing quite the growth in some of the other emerging markets including India. So, we see more modest growth out of the emerging markets in '19, but overall handsets. That puts you at about flat to 1%.
George Davis: And we'll look to have I think a more robust discussion on the adjacent as we get to an analyst meeting which we think is the right environment to go into that.
George Davis: Hey, Ross. This is George. Again, I think we've definitely seen sell-through ahead of sell-in continue in China. So, inventory continues to come down whether it reflects the new normal yet what we'll have to see, but that certainly was part of it. But again, the overwhelming year-over-year effect was just related to the one customer. I think on revenue per MSM as we start to see 5G pickup and additional premium tier devices increase that's definitely going to be a tailwind for revenue per MSM. We haven't forecasted it out yet, but we think that'll certainly be a tailwind force both not only at the end of this year but as we go as we ramp 5G in 2021.
George Davis: Now no real big anomalies in that respect. So, it's really more the mixed element that we talked about. In terms of non-handset growth again to get to 5% overall growth, you've got to see something like 27% growth in the non-handsets to get to that. That is largely driven by growth in IoT. Obviously, you still see growth in everything from automotive to compute. But, it's really IoT and we're certainly seeing strong growth in industrial IoT in our own business there.
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. We can add one thing. As George said we see that on the low end of the units, but we continue to see a favorable product mix towards the higher features smartphones and we expect that trend to continue especially important as we look at the launch of 5G technology towards the later part of '19 and 2020.
Cristiano Amon: This is Cristiano. Just want to add one important data point. So, you have the overall market dynamic, but then you have the chip business, one thing that we see happening when we think of our China business and we see that accelerating as many of our customers had expended globally outside China domestic especially now from Southeast Asia, India and LATAM going into Europe, we've seen our customers starting business in U.K., Germany, Spain, Italy, Portugal and France and that's an addition and it's a good trend to the chip business. Thank you.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks. This is Cristiano. One of the things we like about 5G; 5G it's not a static target, it's a moving target. There is a multiple variations of 5G capabilities. And as soon as we launch we continue to see that increasing from sub-six to millimeter wave to new cores and care aggregation and we have now basically line of sight to a number of devices that will be continuously being added to the market as we have most developed economies launching 5G in the second half of '19. So, we're very optimistic about how fiscal '20, how significant 5G will be for us.
Cristiano Amon: And please stay tuned to this year of Mobile World Congress. I think will be very exciting in this area.
Steve Mollenkopf: Mike let me just answer your second part on the RF front-end. We see right now our RF front-end business excluding the impact of Apple. Outside Apple continue to see growth continue to see double-digit growth rates in their business as we head into 2019. But most important, this trend of moving towards higher end devices especially with the transition of 5G is was one data point that we like for the absolute majority of the 5G designs we have on the recently announced 855 or the x50 modem, we have RF front-end attach and we're very pleased with their metric.
Steve Mollenkopf: Yes. I'm was just going to add one thing. So, Tim on the chip business, I think there is, as George outlined, there's competitive dynamics on the low end. But the biggest factor really seasonality of product launches. So many of our customers probably have product launches in in the coming quarter and it's just typical seasonality. We've seen overall China has been a good story for us. And again, the most important thing is they move towards the higher end devices.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve. I would say -- we feel very, very comfortable with where our roadmap is relative to the competitors. It doesn't mean there aren't a lot of competitors out there but we feel like we have a very, very strong position across the board. And if you look at a feature set, you look at power size everything. We feel very strong about it. In terms of when a person would need to make a decision, it's hard for me to say typically you need to make decisions kind of in the first quarter of this year if you're going to impact products that are going into next year. That would be my typical side, but I couldn't speak for other folks. Some OEMs particularly the Asian OEMs move a little bit more quickly but that would be my general sense for what the timing is.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve. I might add one other thing to that which is -- don't -- there are a number of different mode changes. If you look at how the network will operate and the number of bands that you need to deal with between now and really the next 24 months. So -- and I think if you're not involved in that at the beginning you're going to have a very difficult time, I think fielding a solution that is competitive at any given time if you show up too late that's one of the advantages of being early and one of the reasons why we try to make sure that we're there. The other aspect I think that we should also acknowledge is that I think there's a lot of concern early on with 5G, as would the handsets be at the right size or would they be at a size that that people would find attractive particularly given all the RF complication that exists. And what we have seen from early indications that is not something to be worried about. They are very, very attractive ideas. So, I think it's going to be really an important part of the industry. The other aspect that I just make sure people remember about 5G is the economics to the operator. They really have an incentive to push this. And I think you're going to not only see that in the handsets, you're going to see that in the people selling the devices, the channels that the salespeople will be incentivized to press 5G. And so, we look forward to having that happen over the next year or so.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. Well, I'll take the first part of that and then maybe ask Don to jump in on the second part. With respect to settlement talks with the FTC as you might imagine we have been engaged with them for some time. We continue to be engaged. And if we think that we can find a resolution we would take that to try to remove this risk off the table not a statement on how we feel about our case. But as you might imagine this is an important element and we continue to work it. I think the judge gave some direction at the end of trial in terms of when she might rule. And I would just point you to that in terms of timing, but we have the ability to continue to work this and as you would expect we are.
Steve Mollenkopf: Yes. Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining us today. This would be I think a very important quarter not only due to legal milestones but also just continued innovation from the team and continued milestones for 5G. Thanks everybody from Qualcomm for working so hard. And we will talk to you again next quarter. Thank you.
