Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you Cristiano and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to announce record fourth fiscal quarter results with non-GAAP revenues of $9.3 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.55. Reflecting year-over-year growth of 43% and 76% respectively. For QCT, this was another record quarter with revenues of $7.7 billion and EBT margin of 32%, both above the high-end of our guidance. QCT EBT of $2.5 billion grew by 143% versus the year-ago quarter on revenue growth of 56% and 12 points of EBT margin expansion. We also delivered record revenues in each of QCT revenue streams, handsets, RF Front End, IoT, and automotive. Handset revenues of $4.7 billion increased 56% year-over-year on strong demand across all major OEMs. RF front-end revenues of $1.2 billion grew 45% year-over-year, and included the benefit of full enough demand in advance of certain holiday launches. IoT revenues were up 66% year-over-year to $1.5 billion as digital transformation continues to drive higher demand across our diversified customer base. Automotive revenues of $270 million grew 44% year-over-year on the ramp of digital cockpit launches and continued strength in telematics. QTL revenues of $1.6 billion and EBT margins of 72% were in line with guidance. These results reflect slightly lower-than-expected units offset by favorable mix. Lastly, we delivered GAAP EPS of $2.45, $0.47 above the high-end of our guidance, driven by record non-GAAP earnings and approximately 500 million of gains in our QSI investment portfolio. Now, I would like to highlight some key achievements in fiscal '21. We are exceeding all targets we set at our 2019 Analyst Day, which is a year earlier than forecasted. We delivered year-over-year revenue growth of 26% in QTL and 64% in QCT. And more than doubled non-GAAP EPS to $8.54. In QCT, we had greater than 50% year-over-year growth in each of our revenue streams. And EBT margins expanded from 17% in fiscal '20 to 29% in fiscal '21. Within handsets, our Android revenues for our Snapdragon chipsets were approximately 40% higher than our primary competitor. With our focus on diversification, RF Front End, automotive, and IoT, accounted for 38% of total QCT revenues. Lastly, we returned 74% of our free cash flow to stockholders, including $3 billion in dividends and $3.4 billion in stock repurchases. Turning to our guidance for handset units and the first fiscal quarter. For calendar 2021, we are narrowing the range for 5G handsets to 500 to 550 million units. We're now forecasting mid to high single-digit growth in global 3G, 4G, 5G handsets, relative to Calendar 2020. For the first fiscal quarter, we are forecasting revenues of $10 to $10.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.90 to $3.10. In QCT, we expect revenues of $8.4 billion to $8.9 billion, an EBT margins of 32% to 34%. At the midpoint, this implies year-over-year revenue growth of 32% and EBT dollar growth of 49%. The sequential revenue growth is driven by handsets due to higher demand primarily for our Snapdragon chipsets in Android devices. Following the record performance in the fourth quarter, we expect non-handset revenues to remain in line sequentially. Consistent with our previous guidance, we expect QTL revenues of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion, and EBT margins of 74% to 78%. This forecast assumed sequential unit growth in line with historical trends. Lastly, we anticipate non-GAAP combined R&D and SG&A expenses to decrease 2% to 3% sequentially. As a reminder, operating expenses are typically higher in the second fiscal quarter, as it includes calendar year resets for certain employee-related costs. Looking forward, fiscal '22 will be another exciting year for Qualcomm, with year-over-year EPS growth expected to exceed 20% driven by strength across all QCT revenue streams. In handsets, we are positioned to benefit from the 10 billion SAM expansion due to the changing OEM landscape. A portion of this benefit, is reflected in our first-quarter guidance. And we also expect it to contribute to the rest of fiscal '22. Before I finish my prepared remarks, I would like to thank our employees for their leadership and contributions in making 2021 successful. Finally, we look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day on November 16, where we will provide additional detail about our growth strategy. Thank you, and I'll now turn the call back to Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Hi, Chris, this is Akash. It was really a combination of both. We were -- we had lots of strength in QCT really across all of our revenue streams with handsets, IoT and RF Front End, those are the three areas that did really well. Relative to our expectations. And we were able to work through the supply constraints to address the demand that came up. So it was really a combination of both.
Akash Palkhiwala: Given that, we expect handsets to grow faster than non-handsets in fiscal '22. But really across-the-board, we'll have very strong growth rates and really set up to do well in the year and beyond.
Akash Palkhiwala: Matt, thanks for the question. Yeah, we're very pleased by the operating margin performance as well. So maybe I'll point to a couple of drivers, but really, we're planning to address this in a lot more detail in a couple of weeks. I'll ask you to hold until then. If you see our gross margin performance in the September quarter that we just reported, very strong gross margins. And we are forecasting in similar range going into the December quarter. And then year-over-year, if you look at the full-year, so abstract back from the seasonality, we went from 17% in fiscal '20 to 29% in fiscal '21. And so, we feel, obviously, very comfortable with that number, and in a couple of weeks, we'll talk about how the combination of revenue growth and gross margin percentage and R&D leverage will take us going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Japan is moving for a millimeter wave. And nothing has changed the carriers plans to continue to build the technology. And there are a number of commercial millimeter-wave smartphones in Japan that's include the Galaxy Note, the Gal -- GS21, and Galaxy Fold, and Sony. And from our perspective, just knowing what we know of wireless and how the growth of data is going in the spectrum efficiency, millimeter wave is inevitable, it's just a matter of time. And it's just different markets will deploy at different speeds, but that's how we get more Spectrum and our position of millimeter wave remains unchanged.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Stacy, for the guidance that we gave, there are no heroic assumptions on market growth. We are assuming similar scale to this year. And within that, we feel comfortable that we have the opportunities in front of us to grow.
Akash Palkhiwala: Stacy, it's Akash. So we do have constraints really across-the-board and you have to figure out how the demand would have played out if there was supply across the industry. But we feel pretty comfortable that the overall supply picture is playing out exactly as we had planned. We saw this coming early and we've been talking about it for the last couple of quarters. And we have put in place plans both for dual sourcing for certain parts. We've now announced three parts that are dual sourced, that are available. And then also capacity expansions with our suppliers that were previously being planned. Anyways, come in towards the end of the year. So that's definitely something that we are very excited about. On your question on the second quarter, we're obviously not guiding the quarter at this point, but it's a reasonable assumption to think that, as we launch our new Android premium-tier chip in the first quarter of the calendar year, that will offset some of the decline you would see in the handset market naturally within QCT. And then of course we also expect non-handset to grow from first quarter to second quarter.
Akash Palkhiwala: Tal, It's Akash. I'll take the first one, and Cristiano will address the second one. So what we saw in the September quarter and the market was weakness in units in China and emerging markets, but developed markets volume remained very resilient. So that's really the jumping off point for the December quarter. We are forecasting normal seasonality on top of what we saw in September. I'll say that a portion of the weakness was driven by supply imbalances at certain OEMs. And so, that did impact the demand to a certain extent, but that's one of the key factors we saw happening. Within the market though, 5G continues to be very strong, so we are seeing two trends in China. First, is the transition to 5G, there's a variance month-to-month, but very, very strong in the high 70% has already transitioned to 5G. And so we are raising the guidance -- the midpoint of the guidance for 5G to now, 525 million units. And then within that, we're also seeing higher tier of devices, so OPPO, Vivo, Xiaomi, Honor, all of our customers are moving up tier and, as they move up tier, that creates an incremental opportunity for us. So pretty positive market trends for us.
Akash Palkhiwala: Ross, it's Akash. It's the exactly the right question that, we expect that two to move together in concert. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and that's why we highlighted that, we did see some pull-in from December quarter to September quarter within RF Front End. And it was really where supply was available, our customers chose to take it sooner than receiving the chipset. And if you normalize for it, the two would have moved together. So we definitely see the growth in the Android opportunity as a tremendous growth factor for us within RF Front End as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah. So as you saw, we're tremendously strong results both in auto and IoT and record results in both in the fourth fiscal quarter. You're right. Going into the first quarter, we are forecasting in line sequentially. And one of the key factors there is still we are supply constrained, and we're making certain decisions given the strong handset market in that quarter, to allocate supply a little differently based on profitability. But really when you think about the raw demand from the customer continues to be very strong. And so we are confident that when you look at second fiscal quarter or look at fiscal 2021 going to fiscal 2022, both those businesses will grow in a very strong fashion.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure Joe. So we're definitely seeing some mismatch of parts in the short-term at some of our customers. But you should think of those as, really timing issues. The other thing to keep in mind is that, Cristiano outlined earlier in the call that, we're focusing really on the premium and high-tier units, and so when our customers have supply mismatch, they actually end up supplying the premium in high-tier devices. So our chips and our devices are still being used and it's not something that's a big factor for us in the short-term.
Akash Palkhiwala: And then maybe hard to answer that. I'll just draw your attention to product announcements that we had a couple of weeks ago where we announced a whole new set of 5G products across tiers.
Akash Palkhiwala: Well, what I said about the March quarter was really you have a seasonal decline in the handset market, but given the launch of our new chipset, and really, all the other chipset launches we've done over the last month, we feel like we will be in a very strong position to expand our units within the Android market. And then, the second thing I said is non-handset growth. We expect non-handsets, all three to grow within the quarter as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Tim, on your first question on the math, $3.6 billion is right, and were reported results at $4.1 billion, I think. So we have definitely exceeded the target we had set. And as Cristiano said earlier in the conversation, we're really confident that, we have several more vectors of growth left in the RF business, not just within handsets, but also as 5G expands into Telematics in IoT. And then also within Wi-Fi. There's some ways to go and we'll definitely plan to address that at Analyst Day in a couple of weeks.
Cristiano Amon: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, just to clarify, what we guided is non-GAAP EPS growth of greater than 20%. And the key driver for that is really across all QCT revenue streams. So you're seeing the strength exiting the year, and that's the strength that's playing out both in our first-quarter guidance and also the full-year. The one thing I would highlight is within handsets, we're really in a strong position to benefit from the 10 billion SAM expansion we've previously discussed from the changing OEM landscape. And a portion of this benefit is reflected in our first quarter guidance, and that's also contemplated in the greater than 20% EPS growth we are suggesting.
Cristiano Amon: No, thanks Matt for the question. Look, I think what you're starting to see exactly the correlation is going a different direction. You're correct, is a seasonally stronger quarter for our modem only shipments, but the sequential revenue growth is primarily driven by Android handsets. And demand for Snapdragon mobile platforms, both across premium and high tier. And consistent why we said, we see an incredible opportunity to grow way faster than the market. And Android is the primarily growth driver in our handset business right now.
Cristiano Amon: Hi Samik, thanks for asking the question. Our position on millimeter wave remains unchanged, and will remain unchanged. There are 2, I think, answers your question, the first one is continue to track exactly as we'd expected. We have millimeter wave in United States, is now commercially available in Japan across all carriers, DOCOMO, SoftBank, KTDI, even a new carrier, Rakuten. And we continue to be optimistic about the opportunity of millimeter-wave becoming commercial overtime in China, the first milestone is the millimeter-wave for the Winter Olympics early 2022.
Cristiano Amon: We're very excited about the Veoneer acquisition and Arriver Technology. As we said before, with the natural owners of that asset, we were -- believe we're on track to get the ability to get all the approvals and close on this transaction. And more important, as we had a business preparation in place with Veoneer, prior to the acquisition, that remains unchanged and allow us to continue to progress towards our ADAS platform. We're getting incredibly positive feedback from the market, from the ability to provide truly open horizontal platform for ADAS and I highly encourage you to be at our New York Analyst Day, we have a lot more details to provide about what we're doing in ADAS on autonomy.
Cristiano Amon: The second -- Okay. So I'm just going to answer the second question. So the second question, we're very focused right now on our contract with Apple, which is focused on providing modem for their products. We're very happy with their relationship, but anything beyond our contract with them is an upside to our model. And as I continue to say, what I said before, we have a lot of technologies, they have a large number of devices. And if there are opportunities, we'll be very happy to engage with them and supply, we just don't want to speculate at this point. And we've been very clear that our assumptions in our model is just focused on our contract. Everything else is upside.
Cristiano Amon: No. Just to be crystal clear, all of this growth opportunity that we've seen in Android, especially the premium high, is coming with RF. I want to make that statement clear.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Rod. This is Cristiano. Look, if you remember, we had said, if I believe, two earnings calls ago that we had put -- we act early, we put a lot of things in place, multi-sourcing, capacity expansions, and we said that we expect to see material improvement in our supply towards the end of the calendar year. That's reflected in the Q1 guide, our ability to have supply. We continue to have pockets of areas that we would ship more, if we had more, but we see a lot of improvements, we see at least three announced products of multi-sourcing had been shipped. And we've been executing on that increased supply. And different companies are going to have different outlooks. We, look at the first half of 2022, we still have some shortage. But as we get to the second part the year, in general, supply and demand are going to be aligned.
Cristiano Amon: Absolutely. Look, we are very pleased with the strength of our Snapdragon 800 Series. The Snapdragon 800 Series became synonymous with premium Android Flagship smartphones. There's a lot more silicon content besides the RF Front End that's attached to the modem. There's GPU, there's CPU, there's all the multimedia, and it's a lot more richer platform than just selling a modem. And it's a multiple times in terms of revenue and earnings contribution. And when we look of the sum available to us -- when we look at the consolidation of a Snapdragon 800 being the chipset for every Flagship, that's no surprise that we actually grow faster in the Android segments.
Cristiano Amon: Look, there's plenty of opportunity with the changing landscape for growth between us and our competitors. I think what's important to highlight, is that Qualcomm has been concentrated into premium and high. There's very high demand for premium and high Snapdragon mobile platforms, both the 700, 800, and it is a share gain of Snapdragon in Android premium. And we're very happy with the opportunity to capture actually the higher value share of the market.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Tim. It's Cristiano. The only thing we can disclose is what we've disclosed before. It is a long-term agreement and it's a multi-year agreement. We unfortunately cannot say anything more than that.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks, everyone for joining us on the call today. We are at the intersection of key trends, their accelerating Edge connectivity, efficient processing, and own device artificial intelligence. This is driving demand for industry-leading roadmap of relevant technologies creating a significant opportunity for growth and continued diversification. In addition to driving the mobile industry to 5G, we will power the connected intelligent Edge. I look forward to outlining our strategy and vision for the future at Investor Day on November 16, and sharing our next generation Snapdragon platforms at our Annual Tech Summit in December. I also want to take a moment to thank our employees for an incredible fiscal year. They are truly the best of QUALCOMM and there is no better time to be part of this great Company.
