Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, hi, Samik, this is Akash. We are not seeing any significant inventory build in the channel. So, let me just maybe clarify that to start with. If you think about QCT -- QTL revenues sequentially from December quarter to March quarter, we've talked about seasonality in that business consistently in the past. And so our guidance really reflects that. So, it's no different than kind of the shape of the year that you generally see in the handset market and mix of OEMs being reflected in the dollar. So, in the past, we talked about $1.7 billion midpoint going to $1.4 billion from December to March and what we are guiding is, we came in just below the midpoint in the December quarter and we're guiding similarly just below the $1.4 billion for the March quarter. So, that's the message on QTL. On QCT, clearly with Apple now in our revenue stream, there is a different seasonality than we've had in the past and so you see kind of that becoming a factor, but when you take -- remove that, our seasonality is actually extremely strong with significant growth from December to March quarter and really strength across not just mobile platform, with the launch of our Snapdragon 888 chipset, but also across RFFE, auto, and IoT being strong as well. So, it's really strength across the board. And what you see in the numbers is the seasonality of the revenue profile showing up.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, as I -- Samik, as I said in my prepared remarks, we see the Huawei market share -- Huawei portion of the market really as a significant SAM growth opportunity for us as either the share goes to other OEMs or to Honor or Huawei continues, we have an opportunity to sell into it. So, kind of, longer term, in the second half of the year, we feel like that's a significant opportunity for us, but at this point, in our second quarter guidance there, we don't have material revenue assumed for Huawei or Honor.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, so, thanks, Mike, for that question. Very happy with the QCT margins in the December quarter, I mean, really at 29% operating margins and gross margins were extremely strong as well and contributing to the strength in the operating margin profile. So, very happy to see that. Really, when you look forward, there are a couple of factors driving our margin profile. Overall, from a gross margin perspective, there really isn't a specific trend. As we've said in the past, we feel like we have the ability to hold margins in the -- consistent with our recent history and potential upside opportunity to grow it and so we still have the same view. And operating margin will then just become kind of something that falls out based on the revenue profile. But just kind of when you abstract out the seasonality, we're pretty happy that we set a target at the Analyst Day last -- about 15 months ago and we are on our way to meeting and exceeding what we set out.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Mike, from a QTL perspective, really legal costs have been at a stable lower level for the last several quarters. And so the margin profile that you're seeing kind of reflects stabilization of the legal cost and really it's about the topline revenue and focusing on kind of expanding and keeping the licensing business steady going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Chris, so this is Akash. I think QTL, as we've said in the past, we're going to see the market consistent between March and June quarters in terms of how the overall market -- mobile market behaves. And so that's what is reflected in the data point we provided for the June quarter. QCT, I think it's a fair way of thinking about it. We are expecting it to be extremely strong, doubling profit year-over-year basis and margin profile is really going to kind of fallout from the scale of the revenue as we discussed earlier. From -- just what is reflected in our third quarter numbers is just the natural seasonality of the business now that we have Apple in our revenue stream and their -- the timing of their purchases within the year is reflected in the data points we are providing.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, a couple of factors, Stacy, its Akash. First is, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we typically see kind of a resetting of certain expenses on the OpEx side, so you have OpEx growth that happens between the December and the March quarter. And this is consistent with history. So, if you go back and look at our numbers in the past, you kind of see the same increase. So that impacts the margin a bit. Second is we did see some strength in certain pockets in the December quarter in our gross margin profile. So, gross margin profile was higher in the December quarter than our recent trend and what we're guiding forward is some something that's consistent with our recent trend. So, any upside to that would be something that, of course, we're going to try to execute on, but it'd be upside to our guidance.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Stacy, there is no something specific going on. I mean, if you go back to Analyst Day -- and I don't have the 2019 numbers in front of me, but if you go back to Analyst Day, what we laid out in front of you for the full year for QTL where we thought the margin for the year would be higher than 70% with Huawei result, we are very much executing to the target we laid out. We think we're in good place to execute on it.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, I think, Blayne, as you'd expect, a lot of our conversations with the customers and suppliers are around how we address supply and our agreements on price generally tend to be longer term. So, really that's where we are focused on, as kind of being good partners to our customers and focusing on supply. Margin is consistent with our recent history and that's what's reflected in the guidance.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Blayne, there isn't a specific trend that I'd like to point out there. I think our -- the strength of our business remains consistent between the quarters on Android.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, hi Tal, this is Akash. So, really what our guidance -- just to reiterate it, we are saying the market was down 12%, 2019 to 2020 -- calendar 2019 to calendar 2020 and would grow in high single-digits from 2020 to 2021 and this reflects kind of continuing COVID impact in the first half and then recovery in the second half. Really within that market, what's the critical driver for us is how 5G plays out. And so if you look at our 5G forecast, we're expecting it to go up from 225 million in calendar 2020 to a midpoint of 500 million. So, very strong growth and that's kind of the key driver for us in terms of how our revenue expands on the chip side. And then maybe last thing I'll point out is to Cristiano's comment earlier, Huawei has been a very large OEM and it was -- really from a chip perspective, it was mostly high silicon that was satisfying their demand. Now, with the change in the market, we have kind of 16% of the market that was not available to us before being available. So, as we kind of look further out, we see this as a pretty material expansion of SAM for us.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, I think from a QTL perspective, the way we see 5G benefiting the ASP is just 5G goes into lower tiers. Below the ceiling, it kind of makes the mix richer for us. As people upgrade devices, they buy more expensive devices and that would be the opportunity for QTL. But we -- again, we are not planning that into our forecast at this point and we see it has a potential upside as it materializes.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, hey Ross, it's Akash. It's definitely something that we are trying to manage carefully. I mean, we do have very strong demand from various OEMs. But as you rightly pointed out, it really is more of a supply-driven market and so we have more opportunity to sell and increase our revenue than we can supply at this point. So, it's really -- that's the primary focus and we don't really have any inventory concerns at this point with our customers.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So, I think, Ross, it was -- the December quarter upside was just driven by mix across businesses and we have certain customers who made purchases earlier than they would usually purchase. So, it's just more operational mix that drove the upside and so, we're not forecasting that at this point going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: And really for the -- if you think about the addressable market for the PC and Chromebooks market, this is over a couple of hundred million of units, right? So, it's a very large market and what's really important for us is to be able to combine CPU -- leading CPU technology along with the other assets that we have in mobile and address that -- and address this market in a differentiated fashion. And so we feel pretty good about our ability to do that. I'll also say the CPU has lot of implications outside mobile phones and PC market along with -- into auto and IoT as well. So, it's an asset that's going to be broadly relevant to the end markets we pursue.
Akash Palkhiwala: Mitch, on your second question, if you just look at our profile of customers, right, as we go past the third quarter and go into the fourth quarter, we're going to have flagship devices being launched again, going all the way to the holiday season. So, it does become a kind of a pretty area of strength as we go into September and December quarter relative to June. So, we are expecting revenues to grow significantly, not just in mobile but in RF front-end that goes with it, and then also in IoT and auto, we're continuing to see strength in the design win pipeline. So, it's really across the board.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Hi C.J., it's Akash. At Analyst Day, we laid out kind of the financial targets for the RF front-end business. We said we want to be greater than 20% off an $18 billion market. We are very confident that we are on our way to achieving that in an accelerated fashion versus the timeline we had laid out. So, we had said we'd get there in 2022 and we feel like we are there -- able to get there in an accelerated fashion. So, pretty happy about that.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. C.J., from a wafer cost and fab cost perspective, really kind of not much of a story for us. It's really consistent with what we had expected before and we feel confident that we can execute to the margin profiles that we've outlined, both kind of from an Analyst Day long-term perspective and also guidance we are providing. Really as you look at the second half of the year, we are looking forward to strong revenue growth across all of our businesses and, of course, the margin will benefit from that as well just as we get scale and the operating leverage benefits shows up.
Akash Palkhiwala: Tim its Akash. One of the things we -- the one of the key factors that kind of drives the two businesses going in different direction, in this case, is just timing of purchases by large customers and so we saw some accelerated purchases in -- going into the March quarter versus June. And so it's just depending on how the inventory strategies play out for different customers. The timing makes an impact as to when we see the improvement in our financial performance. But underlying trend, there is no kind of specific story; it's just how things play out based on sell-through and timing of when people buy parts.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Chris, this is Cristiano. Yes, happy to address. We have seen, I think, probably shortage across the entire industry. There is a couple of factors driving that. One is V-shaped recovery, I think, across many of the sectors that were present now. We saw acceleration of digital transformation also consistent with this trend of the enterprise transformation of their home. And especially for Qualcomm and QCT, we have seen an opportunity with the expansion of addressable market. Huawei represent -- or it represented 16% of the market that becomes available to us across all of our OEMs. So, that's driving a situation that demand is outpacing supply. We're happy what we see right now on the premium tier, for example. In high tier, we see share gains in fiscal 2021 and we expect the situation to normalize towards the second half of the year.
Cristiano Amon: Hi, Joe, it's Cristiano. Yes, it's very consistent to what we have been saying since the beginning of 5G. We saw 5G as an entry point for us. We have a highly differentiated solution with our modem-to-antenna platform and all of those designs. I think we updated the design count now 5G is in excess of 800 designs. They all contain 5G RF front-end components. Also we like that it's very diversified RF front-end revenues across our customers, also with a lot of sub-6, it's not only millimeter-wave, even though we are very happy with the expansion prospects of millimeter-wave and that's definitely an accelerator for Qualcomm. So, it's a business which is now one of the fastest growing business we have. We're happy we achieved the threshold of $1 billion and we'll continue to grow as we grow 5G.
Cristiano Amon: Maybe -- this is Cristiano. I just want to add a small data point. If you -- there is, as Akash outlined, seasonality because of one large U.S. customer. But if you look at what is happening outside that, actually we're very happy with what we see in terms of a premium and high-tier share gains. I pointed to the addressable market that is becoming available to us from Huawei and that's going to be a growth story, especially for the QCT premium and high-tier as we go throughout the quarters.
Cristiano Amon: Ross, this question, I just want to add one thing. Given the size of those customers, the semiconductor supply chain is probably sized for where the market sizes. So, that in itself provides some correction on inventory.
Cristiano Amon: Hi Matt. Thanks for your question. Look, we measure those things based on the design activity and why we can't really predict how much inventory they have, especially on the high and premium tiers, whether you get range through a carrier in the portfolio or you get range in the retailer, the market's already moving. And as I said earlier, we have -- we've seen very strong design activity. We are in a positive position, because we're very well hedged. If iOS win, if Samsung Android wins, if Vivo, Oppo, Xiaomi wins or even if, over time, companies like Honor wins, we're very well-positioned there and we'll see how they'll play out. But I will say that the -- because of how distributors and the carriers think about it, the portfolio is already switching and that's reflecting in the design activity we see right now.
Cristiano Amon: So, Matt, let me just start and I will shift to Akash to talk about the TAM. We're very excited about that acquisition. And it's probably very clear, if you look on the announcement we made, one thing that was really incredible is the support we received from the mobile ecosystem, every single OEM was there, with the exception of two, which -- it doesn't really apply to them. And then you have the entire computing ecosystem there, both across the Windows and Chrome. For us, it basically reflect this view that we had of full conversions between mobile and computing. I think we are in the very beginning of that with our Windows and Snapdragon program and create opportunities for us to do a step function increase in performance with the -- obviously, the power advantage of Qualcomm, both across premium smartphones, as well as the computing segment and that is likely to be a key differentiation for Qualcomm going forward.
Cristiano Amon: And maybe to your first question, Mitch, maybe reiterating what we said before, we don't see -- I think we heard a lot in this call about discrepancy between sell-in and sell-out, we don't see that. We actually see demand outpacing supply and the supply availability is what's really regulating the market. So, we're not too concerned about that at this point.
Cristiano Amon: It's Cristiano. Let me address it again. It's a couple of things, right? We have been saying, and I think that's been a key driver in QCT, we are growing on a market that grows single-digit, we're growing faster than the market as both, I think, our expansion into 5G as well as the addressable market that is expanding for us, the Huawei 16% example, that's one. The other one is we have seen good numbers on 5G. We -- for the calendar year, we actually -- the range we went to the high end of the guide with 225 million 5G units and our guide for 2021, it's -- I think the upper side of the guide is in the 550 million, so the 5G transition is robust, device ecosystem has to move on and we see an expansion of addressable market. That is all giving confidence and the supply chain situations, I said earlier, it's been broad across the industry, it's not unique to handset. We also saw the acceleration of digital transformation across the industry in the V-shaped recovery, but it should get normalized towards the later part of 2021.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you for your question. Look, the simple answer is the shortage in the semiconductor industry is across the board, not only leading nodes but also legacy nodes. You should think about it that it's used -- legacy process is used in a lot of automotive, it's used in all of the networking products and consumer electronics and also you see that in a lot of the attaches, whether power management chips or RF chips. So, the V-shaped recovery that we've seen across the industry and all of the accelerated digitization is driving semiconductors and we've seen that across the board. Specific to a 5-nanometer, I think we're ramping a new process; it's very consistent to our expectations. I'll argue that we probably -- for a ramp of a new process with our partner, this time we shipped more in the quarter on -- early in the ramp for Snapdragon 800 and we expect, to your question, this to normalize towards the later part of 2021 as capacity is put in place and we see some of the demand across other sectors of the industry to catch-up with supply.
Cristiano Amon: Look, if I can add one thing just real quick. Also, maybe it's the beginning of this process, but QCT is showing also other growth drivers, like the automotive growth driver, the IoT growth driver. So, over time, as the business get more diversified, I think, you're going to have probably less correlation between the two.
Cristiano Amon: Hi. This is Cristiano. Look, we are very pleased with what we see in millimeter-wave. We restate what we said, I think, you need millimeter-wave for the full potential of 5G and especially as you look at some of the more advanced applications beyond smartphones, millimeter-wave continue to be a requirement for the premium devices in the United States. We're very pleased to see that one of our large customer had brought millimeter-wave across all price points of their devices. In this quarter, we saw Germany with the auction rules starting for millimeter-wave at 26 gigahertz and we continue to see activity indicating that China is likely to have millimeter-wave for 2022. So, we're happy what we see, it's progressing as we plan, and as you said it correctly, millimeter-wave is probably an accelerator of our 1.5 multiplier in QCT.
