George S. Davis: Simona, hi this is George. The 16% did not include the litigation expense, which was taken in corporate and other. It was shown on the other line in OpEx.
George S. Davis: Sure. Hi, Brian. I would say that the operating expense improvement, it certainly helps, but I think it’s the – I would put a little bit more weight on the product cost improvement. Certainly, China LTE coming in actually helps from a mix standpoint as well, and we also see a little bit less the kind of N minus 1 part issue that we’re seeing in the first half of the year.
George S. Davis: Kulbinde, this is George. Just want to add one other point. I think you would ask about the dependency on China LTE in the second half and I would just say that our actions on operating expenses, our actions on product cost improvements, both in the supply chain and internally plus our view of where the part mix goes based on the launches, all those are factors that are not depended on that that help us in the second half of the year.
George S. Davis: Srini, this is George. What we are seeing is volumetrically it’s easier to see. We believe we’ll be starting out stronger in the first part of the year than we saw last year. How that plays out will really depend on product launches in the second half of the year.
George S. Davis: Clearly we see the actions that we are taking. This is obviously managing our costs. We are not just focusing on OpEx, the supply chain you can affected by how you design and you can also affected by how you interact with the supply chain and we are obviously focused on all of those things. And as we sided part of the improvement that we see in the second half comes from some of the actions that we are taking above the line not just below the line.Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets LLC: So they’re going to on the LTE TDD question I think really probably not much change from last year, we continue to believe that we’ll be able to successfully collect on LTE broadly including in China. We continue to add additional license fees over the coarse of the quarter on sort of single mode LTE several of those came from China as well. And we’ve actually seen recently in the last couple of months some positive statements from the operators as well as some of the government officials in China that I think are consistent with our prior view.
Derek Aberle: This is Derek. So on the implied royalty rate as you know this thing tends to bounce around quarterly and there is a number of moving parts in here. Probably some of the factors that affected the decline from Q3 to Q4 included OEM mix shifts. Also, we had an increasing TRDS, the market as well as lower infrastructure royalties. And so the fixed licensing fee tend to be a bit of a drag on the rate when that happens. And we also had, actually the ASPs in the high-tier during this quarter increased and so those are the types of devices at that point that would be subject to caps. And then finally, we had a couple of kind of one-time items including overpayment claim that came in the quarter and then some timing related to cash-based revenue recognized licensee payments.
Derek Aberle: It’s Derek. So I think, as Steve pointed out, we’re continuing to see growth and expect to see growth in the high-tier. The high-tier actually has a pretty wide spread of selling prices, and so as Steve pointed out, there might be a situation where some of our, not the highest tier, but still a high-tier part are going into devices that still from a licensing perspective we would categorize as high-tier. And although, as the selling prices come down, we have things like caps that may cause a muted effect as some of the ASPs come down. So probably be some impact on licensing, but I would expect it to be less than what’s been seen right now in QCT.
Derek Aberle: Hey, Mark, I was planning to give probably more color around that in New York. If you look at last year for instance that’s kind of at the beginning of the year, we thought our best guess at the outset was we would come in maybe a little under the 338 range or so. But we said at the time that that was based on our current outlook of the market and as you know the market grew significantly faster than we expected. And also ASPs went up throughout the year and so couple of things that we noted was that, if those things came through, it would likely be bit of a drag on the rate, which is kind of where we ended the year, here about 327 taking into account the last quarter. So I'm planning to go through kind of what we see in New York in a couple of weeks bearing in mind that there are so many factors that impact the rate that it is pretty hard to forecast that far out.
Steve Mollenkopf: And that issue – just for clarity, what that essentially means is you’re seeing some customers right now, I would say, downshifting to a lower tier product, although still a high tier product from the perspective of how QTL would see it, but maybe a smaller, a lower product, still a low, high-tier product from the perspective of QCT. So you’re seeing that. We think that reversed a bit going into the second half of the year. With respect to the $1 billion in China, the way to think about that is, take our business in China really in the new channel. So remove Huawei and ZTE kind of the international existing business. It just takes the new channel that we have been developing and take away some of the higher tier premium devices. Just take a look at that new kind of QRD channel and what I would call the lower tier channel. We’ve grown that really from nothing over the last several years to now north of $1 billion. Last year it’s probably doubled, I would say, over the year, I have to check, but it’s pretty significant growth. We are expecting in China the move toward LTE to be a good trend for us. So we think that channel is now working and set up hopefully we can move it to LTE, which would be better for us even further.Brian Modoff – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
Steve Mollenkopf: And on the – I think your question, you broke up a little bit but the question I believe was will we exit the year fiscal 2014 at a lower run rate on OpEx than we entered in and that was the point Steve was making, we get through the kind of what we’ve been describing as a bubble of spending in the first half of this year, and we will be exiting the year at a lower run rate than we entered.
Steve Mollenkopf: Tim this is Steve. I think you’re seeing a couple of effects, one is you’re seeing a mix shift which obviously comes at a different margin. You are seeing the effect of concentration in the industry where clearly people have a stronger buying power the more concentrated the industry is. Kind of moving forward although we don’t give gross margin guidance I would say that those things we expect to be improving over time moving forward both from a mix perspective but also I mention some work that we are doing to improve product cost both at the supplier level as well as at the design level. So I think you’re probably looking at a relative minimum right now.
Steve Mollenkopf: Stacy this is Steve. I think that we do consistent really even with prior year is, we tend not to take a very aggressive view on the beginning of launches. So we are assuming that we will see really some international OEMs move into the LTE market in China, more consistent with I would say a new up-tier product. Obviously new for us because we don't really get any volume today out of China Mobile even though it is the largest in the world. And we expect that transition down into the lower tiers at some point. But really our plan right now is that it’d probably be a higher tier product at first versus a replacement for the tier that I think you asked about. Now I want to be clear we are pushing through our chipset offerings, a tiered roadmap into the market, so that could happen. But we have always been a little bit cautious in terms of the front-end of any technology migration, but no, the real work is happening right now. And you're going to see from us a multitiered strategy to push products worldwide in this technology.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure, Alex, so on the China question it is difficult for me to talk about in the plans of any particular carrier – in this case multiple carriers. I will say that we are engaged actively as our others to help the launch occur as quickly as we can. But I think the decision of when really falls upside of our hands. We are working with some lead OEMs to support the timing that I mentioned in my script, which essentially is the Chinese New Year timing. And that does seems consistent with the quality of the technical work that we see. With respect to low-end and high-end I guess the point we want to make is, the number one, the high end continues to grow. We are doing well there. We continue to expect that it will continue to grow and we will continue to have share position there. Now as a low-tier I think we are growing into that market as well as improving our cost structure into that market. However, the number of dollars per device is pretty different, than in the first category that I mentioned. And as those mixes change it does impact our profitability and you are probably seeing that more in the near term. That’s really what’s you see. I think we are pleased to consider ourselves to be strong in both areas. In the lower tier we tend to be lower in unit but probably higher in terms of gross margin dollars per unit than our competitors. And I think we are probably a little bit better positioned going into LTE than what we expect to see from other people.
Steve Mollenkopf: Maybe I’ll start with the last one first, which is our plan and even Paul’s comments on the double-digit actually assume continued concentration in the industry, and one of the reason why we are comfortable in that beside growing the content in the device as Paul mentioned as well as in some of the adjacent markets that we talked about. Is that we believe that our investments that we made over the last several years and we are going to continue to make in key areas are protecting us in this area. Now one of things that happened over the last several years that has masked this effect a bit is that we’ve been growing really into a growing market and growing share. Now we are at a point where I think the business is very much at scale. We are continuing to grow at the high-tier but now we are moderating I think the size of our investments to really show leverage in the business. And you will start to see that I think more in the second half of the fiscal year as we work through this bubble that George mentioned in terms of operating expenses. Maybe I’ll let Derek comment on the impact of licensing. He probably can cover that better than I could.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure. Tavis, the 200, I’m sorry. I don’t have the actual numbers on that. That was a very successful product for us and continues to do well. I just don’t remember what the numbers are. If you look at our product portfolio looking forward, I think we’re pretty pleased actually with the design traction in the lower part of the roadmap. Today we have a couple of products, the AX10 and similar family that I think is doing a fairly good job in terms of design traction, particularly in international OEMs that are now looking at the growth in the China market as a growth area, particularly when they see the same concentration in developed markets and they’re going after that and they intend to after that with products that we’re engaging with them on. Additionally, we are coming out with a product that’s already sampling. It’s actually going to be in devices here soon, which is essentially a lower tier AP, but also a LTE solution as well. And we expect that to also be an important product, not only in China, but also worldwide. So we’re continuing to, I think, put more focus on the low-end versus what we have had historically and really refreshing that product line. In addition, we are working on an cost optimized architecture for the low-end, which we think in addition to providing good design traction will also improve our cost structure down there as well.
Steve Mollenkopf: Okay, I will start and maybe some of my colleagues can jump in as well. I think particularly comparing to last, last year I think was an exceptionally strong year. So I think comparing to last year is difficult to do. I think from two perspectives; one, as we were coming off of a supply constrained environment. We also had I think some very strong product launches that also impacted that last year. This year I think you are seeing a combination of a little bit weaker mix than what we typically see and then people trying to figure out how to deal with the concentration that is existing in the handset industry. And we’re seeing that little bit in our orders. The other thing I would caution too is that, these things can change now pretty radically in terms of how the smartphone business works. So this is our best estimate right now. We expect to see, I think, good unit growth but these dynamics can change pretty rapidly.
Steve Mollenkopf: Hi. The answer is yes. I will say we are in a constant state of deciding which products go to the next node and cost optimizing them. Also a lot of work even on, particularly in the low tier, how do we change the packaging to make it more appropriate for the low tier which is fairly different than what's in the high tier. So it is a constant effort for us to do that. As you know we have multiple sources of supply and some of this suppliers are a bit more focused on the lower cost notes versus the high performance notes, and you will see some times CS move supply around consistent with those goals.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure, Blayne this is Steve. On the Wi-Fi side I think I mentioned that the unit share which includes all of our OEMs including ones which includes our modem solutions as well as our MSM solutions. We are now roughly 50% probably little higher than that, and we think that’s going to grow into next year. if we were to back out solutions that are essentially just the once at MSM it’s significantly higher than that. We are very pleased actually with how Wi-Fi has gone and we’ve talked for many years that we thought it would go into a similar way that Bluetooth and GPS have gone. It’s just something that it’s just advantageous to the customer for us to deliver together. So I think that’s worked out there quite well. On RF360, I think the main point is it’s on track. You’ve already seen the first products come out and I think they have been pretty well covered actually in the blogs, but there are some devices that you are probably well known that have come out with the first version which is ET, the ET solution. Throughout fiscal year 2014 we will see additional products within that family start to launch and that’s again, as we expected, they’re on track and we are pleased with how that goes. We think that’s going to be an interesting business for us not only from the perspective of growing continental device, but it’s also important for us to be able to solve the RF band problem, which we think we’re well ahead of the competition and that will help us with not only in the additional business, but also pull-through I think our leadership in LTE.
Paul E. Jacobs: Okay. Let me start. So obviously we’re still spending quite a bit in research and development. So we have spent $5 billion in fiscal 2013. We have moderated the growth of that, but it’s still growing and so there is plenty of effort on new technologies, new products. Obviously the basic one, a 2G to 3G and 4G migration especially in emerging markets that’s pretty fundamental for our growth. LTE is spreading more particularly China as we say and we are really looking forward to that towards the end of the year, tap woods and other kinds of computing Steve mentioned the traction that we are getting on design wins on the tablet side. We talked a lot about small cells and that opportunity going forward more content going into the devices, talking already about RF front ends, Wi-Fi but also display sensor, integration other kinds of things. Clearly wearable, machine-to-machine these are new growth areas for us. Other growth is just more devices per person whether it’s in computer or in their car, in their home, machine to machine so all these kinds of things are very significant growth opportunities for us going forward. So we are investing into those growth opportunities and a few others that we haven’t yet talk to you about.
Paul E. Jacobs: First of all, we still think that tier is growing. I think an important point we think it’s going to continue to grow. Relative to what we would have thought a couple of months ago or even more than a quarter ago, it's probably a little bit softer in some OEMs relative to what we would have thought. And that impacted the mix and I would say the concentration of more thin modem relative to some larger Snapdragon products or probably you are seeing in the mix as well. Moving forward there are couple of things that we mentioned, but I think one of the more important ones is that we think the move to LTE in China is an important move for us. And I would say, if you look at our unit guidance for the year, our unit plan delivering on all of the operating metrics that we talked about, we are not really expecting a massive uptick in terms of unit volume. We will continue to have strong units, but I think the plan is pretty balanced there, I just comment on it.
Paul E. Jacobs: Yes. Thanks everybody for joining us and I just wanted to say another really strong year, strong quarter, want to thank our employees, thank our partners, thanking people. I want to also say thanks to the Omnitracs’ employees as I said earlier. And obviously this coming year it shaped a little bit more heavily weighted towards the end of the year and we are doing things to manage our expenses and we spend $5 billion in research and development in fiscal 2013. So there is a lot of new products and technologies coming. I’m also proud that we are able to return $6.7 billion in capital to shareholders. Looking forward, all of that growth we believe it’s there and we expect as we said, double-digit CAGRs over the next five years. So looking forward to a lot of opportunities in the future. We are prepared, love our strategic position. We look forward to talking to you more about that when we see you in New York. So hope to see many of you there. Thanks a lot.
