Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Samik, you're thinking about it the right way. It's the right thing to connect the market forecast to QTL, and then QCT really has this additional factor that is related to the inventory drawdown. Our view of inventory drawdown is really the macro headwinds increase -- have increased meaningfully since the beginning of the fiscal year, and so what we've seen is the impact on market is driving a scenario where it takes longer to run through the existing inventory. We don't have a fundamental change in how much inventory we think the channel had going into the year that was accessed. It's just how long it takes to run through it as a result of the market forecast.
Akash Palkhiwala: Matt, it's Akash. In terms of China sell-through, I think if you're looking at any of the analyst resources that's sizing the scale of the market, we're seeing pretty much the same number. So if you're -- that's what you're quoting, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but that's what you're quoting, it'd be consistent. The way we are thinking about the inventory drawdown is, of course, it's a near-term phenomenon. We're going to get past it. The strength of our design win pipeline is very strong, so if you -- if one way to measure it in our minds is we look at our share of sell-through. And we've seen that share grow from '22 to '23, so that should give you a sense of our position going into the next year.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. So it's Akash. When the initial weakness that we saw in IoT was in consumer, and then we've kind of seen that expanded into industrial and edge networking, and specifically China playing a significant role in that weakness. So it's a combination of all 3 areas. Now as we look forward, a lot of the growth that we're expecting within the quarter is actually going to be across -- recovery across all 3, so there isn't one that stands out that I would point to. And then maybe the last point on IoT is really when you step back and think about the broader digital transformation process and where we are at, our technologies continue to become more relevant. Cristiano talked about Edge AI, and that's going to be another technology that's going to be extremely important in Industrial, PC, XR and other areas. So still very optimistic about how things look longer term, and we'll kind of work through everything in the short term.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So from a gross margin perspective, as we've consistently said, and I said this in the last call -- last earnings call as well. Once we get past supply constraint, we expected some pressure on gross margins, so you're seeing that come through. But if you step back from that and just look at mix of devices and how that drives margin 1 way or the other, there isn't anything that's significant enough to discuss. It's really the current environment playing through. And then as we look forward, as remaining disciplined with pricing as we grow in a mature market.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Stacy. It's Akash. If you look at our typical seasonality from third quarter to fourth quarter, it's really driven primarily by the launch of a new flagship device and the build that happens for that device. Outside of that, there are some other puts and takes, but that's the primary driver of the growth. What we're suggesting is, as I outlined in the prepared remarks, we expect that to be muted because the lower demand from the modem-only handset customer extends from June into the September quarter as well. And the reason for this is we saw them buy a little more earlier in the year, and so this is just kind of balancing purchases of chips from us. To be clear, this is not a comment -- to be clear, this is not a comment on their sell-through and it's not a comment on our share within the OEM either. This was just the timing of purchases from chips from us.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So honestly, Stacy, there's a different story with every OEM. There are certain OEMs who are much further ahead in reducing the inventory profile and there are others, including the ones we just discussed, happening over the next couple of quarters. So I haven't specifically sized it in terms of scale, but I would say each of the quarters has an impact from that phenomenon.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Yes. So if you think about our historical kind of trend between these two quarters in the Android business, we're staying very consistent with that -- this quarter. I mean, if you look at last year, second quarter to third quarter, our Android business was roughly flat, and we're guiding the same this year. So it's just following the same trend and the factors, the market and inventory drawdown exist in both quarters.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Joe, we haven't talked about it or given specific numbers on it. But one of the frameworks to look at it would be to look at the two years combined. One year had the bill, the second year has the bleed. And if you look at that combined, it will give you a framework of what the run rate strength of the business is. The other thing I would say is just the one thing to calibrate in that framework is also to look at the market size as the overall market has continued to come down. But that's, I think, a good way to at least start figuring out the run rate of the business.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So it's a combination of them. I mean given supply constraints, we were able to exercise some pricing leverage that gets neutralized in the current excess inventory environment, and so that's just playing out through the numbers. The other two factors to keep in mind is we had a price increase from foundry that ran through starting first of January as well, and some underutilization in our RF front-end fabs that over time will get filled back in as demand comes back, and so that should be a tailwind for us going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Blayne, so I'll address the first part and then Cristiano will address the second part. On gross margin percentage, I think it's a reasonable way of thinking about it. Our gross margin dollars per device continues to grow, and that's the strength and it kind of adds scale and profitability to the business, but we have seen gross margin percent get impacted by the couple of factors I just outlined. But again, those are, to me, kind of ins and outs of the business.  It's better to kind of step back and look at the broader longer-term opportunity for us to continue to add content to our chips, which we have done very successfully over the last 3 years. And we have an opportunity to do that, especially with our new custom CPU course coming into play into all of our product lines, including Handsets. And then with the AI that Cristiano just outlined, that will create an opportunity for us as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes, Brett, it's Akash. So I divide this into two parts. I think there's a second hand market that has been around for a long period of time in emerging markets as a hand-me-down device, and so that obviously still exists. There has been a little bit of a change at the top with the refurbished phone market, and so that's something that we're definitely closely watching and definitely contemplated in our numbers at this point.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. For QTL, typically, the market size is relatively flat between the June and the September quarter. There is a slight change in the market and our revenue is relatively flat as well, so you should think of that as a proxy based on historical trend. There isn't something specific going on this year that I'd say is different than last year, pending a recovery in the market. From a QCT perspective, on the fourth quarter, we typically have seasonality, seasonal growth. And what I said in my prepared remarks is that we expect muted seasonality this year because of all the factors that we've been discussing on this call and have been outlined in the prepared remarks as well. So that would be a framework to come up with number for September. And then obviously, as we go from there, you go into holiday season, that's typically a strong quarter for us and we would realize benefits as we go there.
Akash Palkhiwala: Well, I would say if you look at last year, you would probably come with a number that would be normal, and we don't expect to be close to that. We'll see a lot of different factors. We don't have, to be honest, that clear insight into quarters at this point to give a forecast. So if you can wait for the next call, we'll definitely be updating you on that.
Cristiano Amon: Very good. The 12 designs is what happened in the quarter. So we just highlight in the quarter, we had designs on the digital cockpit as well as 5G for telematics. We do -- we are working on some new designs on ADAS that is going to take us throughout the second half of the year, but we're not announcing at this time. The second comment is on China market. We have seen, I think, consistent with the overall theme of China, some weakness in China auto. I think consistent with the rest of the market. But our design and presence with the China EV, with the local OEMs is very, very high. And I think we continue to gain share.
Cristiano Amon: Just -- Matt, this is Cristiano. I just want to add one thing. Common sense, and I think the overall expectation is following the reopening, the China market was going to bounce back. It has been very suppressed, I think, during the lockdown and during the pandemic. I think what we're basically saying is we have not seen those signs yet, so therefore, we thought that prudence not to put in our planning assumptions, but you're going to be monitoring the situation. But the dynamic we see right now is exactly what Akash outlined. It's an inventory drawdown, and that's why I think the difference between the QCT and the QTL business.
Cristiano Amon: Mike. Thanks for the question. I will say we are no longer in -- and that's probably an understatement, right? We're no longer into a supply-constrained environment. So as the supply constrained environment got resolved, we have the ability to gain share. And I think as Akash outlined, if you look at our share of activations and sell-through compared to '22, you see a very positive picture for us in China.  We've been gaining share on what we call the high tier. The 7 -- the new 7 Series, we made a lot of investment including leveraging the Snapdragon brand and the position of the 7, very well received in the market. Our 7+ outperformed, I think, the competition premium tier, and we like because it sets the floor. And then you have Snapdragon very uniquely positioned in the 8 series. And I think as outlined from a share perspective, we're gaining share. Just the whole markets to go into the dynamic that we just outlined on inventory, but we like our position in the marketplace.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you, Ross. Look, there are inorganic opportunities that we continue to look into the market. We've been clear. We have been focused in identifying M&A opportunity to help us to accelerate diversification. We've been very careful just because in the current environment, we wanted to do something that is actionable and we'll continue down this process of identifying, but we are looking at inorganic options as well to accelerate diversification.  And we're also very excited about -- what I mentioned into the prepared remarks, I think this incredible opportunity that we now have. We're very uniquely positioned to do AI in a very high performance and low power and all the devices at the edge, and I think that's going to accelerate our diversification strategy across all the new segments. Even though it could create a new upgrade cycle in phones, but it's going to be relevant to all of the other segments of diversification as well.
Cristiano Amon: No, I'm sorry, I'm just going to add a couple of comments to your specific questions. Look, the way we see this, we have done, I think, the right choices of investment. We feel pretty good about the road map and we took this very, very focused strategy and make sure that our 7 tier outperforms the competition premium tier. And that changes the landscape, which means we are very well positioned above that in the 8, as I outlined. Our design traction is very good especially within all of the OEMs, no exception. I remind you that we are globally with Samsung. Our agreement with them, we have the launch of GS 23, that just happened, then we have the Fold and Flip. And then we have the GS24. It's going to be a number of years of association of Samsung with Snapdragon brand globally. And the size of the market is not good, but our position is very strong. And as I outlined before, we're gaining share.
Cristiano Amon: No, it has nothing to do with the transition. The further transition, I think we said a number of earnings calls ago that we're expecting to be in the product that they launched in '23. And in '24, we have no change to our planning assumptions.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. No, it's a great question, and there are a number of things to unpack. So first, I just want to go back a little bit in recent history. I think there was an addressable market for premium devices, and to some extent, premium and high-tier devices that became available as Huawei declined in share. And the reality, Apple pick a significant amount of their share. We did as well, I think. So our competition, I think everyone grew as the expense of the market. And I think that is resulting to a much larger -- you look at that Huawei Android as a net loss of Android, and that's for the areas that Apple gained share. The market is smaller and those -- even the component of hand-me-down phones, it's accounted in our planning of a smaller market. I think that's a -- that's where we are until we go to the next upgrade cycle, cyclical business. But our position in Android has improved, and I think if you look of our trajectory actually on the smaller Android market, we've been gaining share and focus on the value share of the market with concentration in the high and the middle tier.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. Thank you so much for listening to our call. Here's the summary. Like from our perspective, while the market conditions remain challenging, we're very confident to reach our Q3 estimates at this point. We're taking action where we can control as we navigate the near-term headwinds, but it's -- most important, we'll continue to execute on our strategy. We like our strategy. I think we're investing in the right technologies for growth and diversification, especially in the IoT and Auto. I feel we have a very competitive road map, so we're well positioned to benefit when the market returns to growth. And I think the last comment is we are going to become very relevant in AI.  As you look at the speed of new models appearing new companies investing, new use cases, the ability to run those things locally. I talk about having ability to run 10 billion parameter models on the phone without compromising battery life and be able to demonstrate that very shortly in this year, and you can see how that creates an even larger opportunity for us in Automotive as well the entering of next-generation personal computing. So excited about that, we'll continue to invest in this area. In summary, we're very focused on our long-term success and we're steadfast in our commitment to drive maximum value for our stakeholders. And I want to thank all the employees for their dedication and contributions to Qualcomm and also our many partners and suppliers. Thank you.
