Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Cristiano, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start with our first fiscal quarter earnings. We are pleased to announce strong non-GAAP results above the high end of guidance with revenues of $9.9 billion and EPS of $2.75. QTL revenues of $1.5 billion and EBT margin of 74% were at the high end of guidance, reflecting slightly higher handset units. QCT delivered revenues of $8.4 billion and EBT margin of 31%, both above the high end of guidance, reflecting strength in handsets and automotive revenues. QCT EBT margin includes the benefit of revenue scale, stronger product mix and operating discipline. Handset revenues of $6.7 billion were higher than our prior expectations primarily due to the increased demand driven by the acceleration of Android flagship launches with our Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 mobile platform. Notably, our Android handset revenues from Chinese OEMs exceeded our expectations of greater than 35% sequential growth. IoT revenues of $1.1 billion reflect the industry-wide challenges we've previously outlined. We achieved record automotive revenues of $598 million which grew by 12% sequentially, reflecting the increased content in new vehicle launches with our Snapdragon digital chassis platform. Non-GAAP operating expenses decreased 5% sequentially to $2.1 billion and included the benefit of accelerated implementation of cost actions that we had previously outlined for the first half of fiscal '24. Lastly, we returned $1.7 billion to stockholders during the quarter, including $784 million in stock repurchases and $895 million in dividends. Before turning to second fiscal quarter guidance, I'll update you on global 3G, 4G, 5G handset units. We estimate that global units declined by mid-single digit percentage in calendar '23 relative to calendar '22, an improvement from our prior expectations due to the recent stabilization in demand. For calendar '24, we estimate that global handset units will be flat to slightly up on a year-over-year basis. This estimate includes expected growth of high-single digit to low double-digit percentage in 5G handsets. Turning to guidance for the second fiscal quarter. We are forecasting revenues of $8.9 billion to $9.7 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.20 to $2.40. The sequential decline in revenues and non-GAAP EPS relative to the first fiscal quarter will be driven by seasonality for a modem only handset customer in both QTL and QCT. In QTL, we estimate revenues of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion and EBT margins of 69% to 73%. In QCT, we expect revenues of $7.6 billion to $8.2 billion and EBT margins of 27% to 29%. For QCT handset revenues coming off strong performance in the first fiscal quarter, we anticipate Android revenues will be approximately flat quarter-over-quarter. On a sequential basis, we expect QCT IoT revenues to grow by mid to high-single digit percentage with QCT automotive revenues slightly down, consistent with the trend in the prior year. Lastly, we expect non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $2.2 billion. This reflects typical calendar year resets for certain employee-related costs. In closing, we're very pleased to start our fiscal year with strong execution and financial performance. In QTL, as Cristiano outlined, we are pleased to have extended several key license agreements. We do not expect any material change in QTL licensing revenue run rate as a result of these extensions. In QCT, our technology differentiation will accelerate with our on-device gen AI leadership and introduction of our custom Qualcomm Orion CPU. We also remain well positioned to execute on our diversification strategy by extending our technology portfolio to deliver industry-leading products across automotive and IoT. This concludes our prepared remarks. Back to you, Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Samik, it’s Akash. As we have said previously, as we entered fiscal ‘24, our view was that Android channel inventory had largely normalized. And so as we go through the year, we typically see normal bill bleed cycle around handset launches. So that’s kind of the phase we are in from our perspective. In the first quarter, what we saw was higher demand due to the acceleration of Android flagship launches with our new chip, Snapdragon 8 Gen 3. And we saw very strong demand across all the major Android OEMs. And so happy, of course, with that traction and that momentum carries over to the second quarter as well. And that’s what you’re seeing both in our results and our guide going forward. In terms of your comment on Huawei, really what we’ve seen since Huawei 5G launch is that the premium tier TAM in China has expanded. And so we’re continuing to see strong demand from our customers post that launch.
Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Matt, and thanks for our wishes. I'm looking forward in this new role to working with Cristiano and the executive team to kind of deliver on our long-term priorities. And of course, I'll continue to remain committed to my CFO role, working closely with the team here and maintaining consistency and transparency and looking forward to seeing a lot of you at upcoming events. On the margin side, what you saw in the first quarter is really the fact that our gross margins were stronger because the mix was richer (ph). We had a higher set of premium tier launches coming through and that impacted our volume, and we benefited from that mix -- richer mix. And if you look at our second quarter guide, we are guiding largely in line with how our first quarter came in. So that was obviously great to see. From an operating margin perspective, it's -- in addition to the strength in the gross margins obviously, the revenue scale and the actions we took on the OpEx also benefited. And so we were happy to -- extremely happy to deliver 31% operating margin in QCT and really focused on delivering to the long-term target we’ve outlined to the investors.
Akash Palkhiwala: Maybe I'll address the first part and then Cristiano can talk through the X Elite question. From an IoT entry perspective, what we have seen is stabilization really on the consumer side. As you know, we were one of the first to call out the weakness in IoT, and now we're seeing it go through both on the industrial and the edge networking side. And consistent with our previous comments, we think the first quarter was the bottom for our IoT revenue stream. We're guiding second quarter up mid to high-single digits. Second half of the year -- fiscal year, as we see the inventory channel kind of normalizing and end markets kind of benefiting from that -- we're excited about what our product portfolio can bring and overall, lots of opportunities for us. So over -- in my mind, there's significant uncertainty, but we are cautiously optimistic, and I think we have a great product portfolio as we look forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Stacy, it's Akash. No change to the shape of the year comments that we made last time. Following second quarter, we do expect third quarter to be the lowest quarter. It's one of the quarters where we do not have any significant flagship launches. And as a result, you kind of see a decline in third quarter then growth back into the fourth quarter. And it's -- when you look at second to third quarter, we expect a trend consistent with the last two years. First half, obviously benefited from this acceleration of launches for Android and pretty happy with that. And I think it sets us up as we look forward in terms of both content growth with our strong road map and just positioning overall in the handset market.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah. So as we’ve said in the past, Stacy, we do have a 4G license to ship Huawei and so we’ve continued to ship based on customer demand. But as you’re aware, they have launched a 5G device with their own chip, and that’s, I think, the priority going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah. So as we outlined for our handset market, when you look at calendar '24, overall market, we expect it to be flat to slightly up. But within that, 5G, obviously, is our target market, especially for the chip business, we expect that to be high-single digit to low double-digit up on a year-over-year basis. Within QTL, I will stick with the guidance we have given before. We think there's a scale to the business that's aligned with the handset market and the 2 will move in line. And then on the extensions of the license, I just wanted to make sure that I said this in my prepared remarks, but just to confirm, as a result of the extension, we do not expect any material change in our QCT licensing revenue run rate. So it's consistent with the program. In the QTL licensing revenue run rate, it's consistent with the program.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah. Tim, consistent with what I said earlier in the call, I think we were kind of largely at normalized inventory for Android entering the fiscal year. What you saw in the December quarter, at least for us, to a large extent was a build for the various premium tier launches that happened during the period. And so we do expect normal bill bleed cycles through the year as devices launch. But that's kind of the framework with which we are operating going forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah, Tim. I’d say that’s a conversation, obviously, that we will talk to the customer about. It’s a part of our portfolio, and we’ll make it available if they’re interested.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah, Ross. Thank you very much. From an OpEx perspective, really, the way we think about it is any hiring that we do will be very selective and focused on really acquiring new skills that are required for diversification. But other than that, we've gone through a reduction recently. We think we're at scale to a large extent, and we're committed to operating discipline.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah. So if you think about premium flagship launches for our OEMs, a lot of the launches happen in the holiday time frame just before the holidays going into Chinese New Year as well. And so you've seen a lot of those happen. We do have some significant launches through the middle of the year, but obviously, the next big launch goes into the holiday season, starting with Apple and then going into the Android launches. So that's a typical cadence. Now when -- just to confirm, just the premium tier we are talking about. Of course, there are other tiers and including the high tier, where we have very significant presence and that does drive a significant portion of our -- the launches that happened through the year and also our revenue base.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yeah, Tal. Ut's Akash. So on this -- on Samsung and this is a conversation about the premium tier, I assume. In GS23, we did have global share. In the GS24 that just launched and consistent with what we said on the last quarter, we expect to have a majority share based on the model split between us and [indiscernible]. As Cristiano indicated in his prepared remarks, one of the benefits of the agreement that we did with them is it gives us predictability on our position within the premium tier going forward. And then from a content perspective, there's clearly content expansion happening. And this is really when you look at our premium tier road map, not just with gen AI coming in our custom CPU course coming in as well, but then also across other technologies. As consumers demand more capability, we see our content and our ASP both continue to grow. Switching over to your second question on automotive. You should really think -- the way to think about our automotive business is we're tied to the launch of new cars. Clearly, the industry is going through a transformation, digitization of cars, and we are right at the intersection of that transformation. We are we're benefiting our cars put in more infotainment content for experience within the car. More ADAS content comes into the car as well. And really, we get to benefit from all those intersection points in the car, and we're increasing the content as new cars launch. So that's the maybe a disconnect between some of our peers what they're seeing and what we're seeing. Stepping back, I mean, clearly, this is an industry that's going through some shorter-term dynamics, so we'll be closely monitoring it. But when you step back, our technology, our position, our products look really good, and we're excited about where we're going.
Cristiano Amon: Hello, Samik. Thanks for the question. This is Cristiano. Look, it's early, but I think it's -- we're definitely excited about what we see in the beginning. It's not only unique to the GalasxS24, that has a number of now use cases running gen AI on the device. I mentioned a few of my prepared remarks like translation and you have a much more effective assistance in a number of different applications. We're going to see productivity coming. But we'll also see that happening with some of our other customers from China, launching a number of models. So I think we have a large number now of models being ported into our hardware for gen AI. I think we're starting to see the beginning of new use cases. Reviews have been positive, and we are happy with we've seen the results following the launch. I think we need to monitor the situation. But eventually, at a minimum, is going to have a favorable impact on mix, which is a trend that we continue to see premium and high tier with more computing power -- is the fastest-growing segment in the handset market.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks for the question, Matt. The agreement that we announced at this earnings call, it is a multiyear agreement. We're not disclosing the duration, but there are several years into that agreement. And I think your observation is correct. I think it starts in 2024. I think as you look at the launch of GalaxS24 is a good proxy on how we should think about the agreement between us and Samsung. But most important is the thing that you outlined. Our road map is getting stronger over time, especially with our custom CPU coming to mobile, and we're aiming to have the leadership position in the mobile performance on CPU. And our NPU continue to expand as we -- as I mentioned before, we're just at the beginning of the gen AI transition. I think in summary, we're very pleased our relationship with Samsung, and it's a very long-term relationship with this customer.
Cristiano Amon: Look, your question about X Elite and in PC. It's too early. We're tracking to the launch of products with this chipset tied with the next version of Microsoft Windows that has a lot of the Windows AI capabilities. We're still maintaining the same date, which is driven by Windows, which is mid-2024, getting ready for back-to-school, what we're excited about it is since we announced that Tech Summit showing the performance of the product and the AI capabilities, design traction continue to increase. So we had increased the number of designs since last quarter. and we continue to march forward towards the launch. We like that everybody is now talking about on-device AI on PC. That's where we started this journey with X Elite. And I think that proved to be a tailwind to the opportunity for us in PCs.
Cristiano Amon: No, absolutely. Thank you for your question. Look, let me step back a little bit and say we're extremely pleased with our performance in auto, especially when you look at the overall market. Right now you can look at Qualcomm results with record revenues and very strong, I think, year-over-year growth. In 2023, in this year that just closed, we launched 75 models with our silicon with a significant improvement in silicon content as it relates to those immersive cockpit and in many cases, processing for safety. So we're very happy with the business. And I think the answer to your question is, we are on track to meet our target that we said on the Auto Investor Day of $4 billion and $9 billion, respectively, I think for ‘26 at the end of the decade. So we’re on track for that. And the next quarter, we’re going to give you an update on the design win pipeline that continues to grow.
Cristiano Amon: Thank you, Chris, for your question. Look, it's consistent, I think, with the strategy we outlined, I think, following the acquisition of Nuvia. In the past, Qualcomm has been designing now its own custom course. And I think the first instantiation of that was for PCs. Actually, if you remember, in the past, that was the key motivation as we embark on this journey to create a leading SoC for laptops for the Windows ecosystem. We needed to have the performance leadership and we needed to design our own CPU to deliver the results that we did with X Elite. Now we're taking that across the entire road map. Your observation is correct. As we take that into mobile next, we're seeing significant interest from our partners as it truly becomes a leadership position in the marketplace now across all course, not only graphics and AI but also CPU. And we’re not stopping there, following smartphone that’s going to go into our automotive business, and we’re excited about what the team has accomplished to date. Orion is really well positioned to be the leading CPU core in the industry.
Cristiano Amon: Hi. This is Cristiano. Look, the automotive story of Qualcomm is primarily driven by share gains as models with our silicon part of our pipeline started to materialize into revenue. And the way you should think about it, historically, a lot of the revenue was telematics, now you see the largest component been a lot of the fully immersive digital cockpits on the car. And we already have some revenue from ADAS processing. You see a lot of cars for example, in China with both ADAS and autonomy with our processor, you see some of our customers in the United States of our processor. And I think that continues to grow as we get towards our 2026 revenue target, you’re probably going to see very healthy components of all of those elements.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. Just in closing, I'd just like to remind everyone, look, we're as I said, we're happy with the quarter. We see the android market stabilizing after we've been to '23. That was a year of correction. We like the transition of user experience with gen AI that could create an opportunity in mobile. This is one of those times for Qualcomm. They are both our Apple and Samsung revenue on the chip side or under contract. We're very happy about that. We continue to move towards stability of the QTL revenue stream with those new agreements. As you look at the growth opportunity, I think the auto results speak for itself. We're now in the IoT segment, really focus on the launch of X Elite. In the PC, we announced a new product for XR. And if you believe that, that market is finally going to get very large scale, we're well positioned with our partnership with Meta as well as Samsung and Google. And as IoT, especially industrial goes to the correction, we expect that to resume growth. So we're focused on what we can control, busy work with the growth and diversification of the company. And I want to say a big thank you for all of our partners and employees they help us get to this quarter. Thank you very much, and I talk to you all next quarter.
