Derek Aberle: Thank you, Steve and good afternoon, everyone. QTL had a strong fiscal first quarter, with total reported device sales of $60.6 billion which was above expectations on both higher ASPs and reported units, as well as some catch-up reporting from recently concluded license agreements in China. QTL revenues in the quarter were higher than expectations and would have been even higher if not for a contract dispute with LG that resulted in us deferring revenue of more than $100 million for the quarter. Although LG continues to report and pay, we're not recognizing revenue while the arbitration regarding the dispute proceeds. We believe LG's claims are without merit. The deferral of this revenue has the effect of depressing the implied royalty rate as you would calculate it, as their shipments are included in total reported device sales without the corresponding revenue. Assuming we conclude this matter successfully, as we have done with others in the past, we would expect to recognize the deferred revenues at that time. Looking ahead, the outlook for global 3G/4G device shipments continues to be strong. With respect to smartphones in particular, there continues to be a significant opportunity for Qualcomm. LTE penetration is only 14% of cellular connections globally and smartphone unit shipments are forecast to be more than 8.5 billion from 2015 through 2019, according to GSM Intelligence and Gartner. Calendar 2015 global 3G/4G device shipments are largely in line with our prior expectations, driven primarily by migrations to 4G in China, partially offset by some recent weakness in developed regions. We continue to estimate that calendar 2016 global 3G/4G device shipments will grow approximately 10% at the midpoint, driven primarily by the migration to 3G/4G devices in emerging regions, with particular strength in India. Our estimate for premium tier shipments is down slightly versus our prior view, driven by slower-than-expected sell-through at a large OEM. But that is offset by a slightly stronger outlook for emerging region shipments. We continue to expect low single-digit growth in global 3G/4G device sales in FY '16, as unit growth more than offsets ASP declines. We will provide further color on our long term outlook for the 3G/4G device opportunity at our upcoming Analyst Day. Now let me provide an update on our progress with licensing in China. We're continuing to aggressively seek to conclude new license agreements on the NDRC terms with the remaining Chinese OEMs and improve compliance. We're making progress with these negotiations and recently concluded new agreements with Xiaomi, Haier, QiKu and Tianyu. These agreements include royalty-bearing licenses for three-mode devices and contain terms that are consistent with the terms of the rectification plan submitted to the NDRC. Having said that, we still need to conclude agreements with a handful of key Chinese OEMs and those negotiations continue. Our progress and our ongoing interactions with the NDRC and other parts of the Chinese government continue to give us confidence that we will be able to conclude agreements with the remaining key OEMs. While we're working to conclude new license agreements and improve compliance through commercial negotiations and audits, we're prepared to enforce our agreements and take other actions against certain OEMs that are not negotiating in good faith, underreporting royalties or refusing to conclude agreements in the near term. Turning to our outlook for FY '16, we continue to expect QTL's revenues to be in the range of $7.3 billion to $8 billion. Although additional risk has been introduced as a result of the new LG dispute, given that it could be resolved outside of FY '16. In conclusion, although we're seeing some near term softness in the premium tier, the sales of smartphones remain healthy and should continue to grow. We remain confident that we will be able to resolve the dispute with LG, conclude new agreements with the remaining key Chinese OEMs and improve compliance over time. That concludes my comments and I look forward to seeing many of you at our upcoming Analyst Day. I will now turn the call over to George.
Derek Aberle: So I think last quarter, basically what we said about the implied royalty rate for the year, we said, listen it's going to be highly dependent on the timing of signing up some of the new agreements in China and moving people over to the CPLA rates. But on balance, we expected it to be down modestly for the year. So I would say if you adjusted for the impact of the disputed revenue and the reported sales in the quarter that didn't have revenue coming along with it because of the catch-up units, we would be broadly in line with that. You are correct, that once this amortization of the $100 million expires that will come out. We've talked about the fact that we have license fees and those are amortized over a period of time. So once those go way, that will become a drag. But that was anticipated. And so when we gave the color of what we expected the rate to do for the year with all of the moving pieces in mind, that was factored in.
Derek Aberle: Yes, that is generally correct. I would say that the second part of your question, it would imply no other changes. But we do think that there is some other things that could potentially play out throughout the year that would be a positive bias on the rate. So I think that's maybe the piece you're missing. But otherwise, I think that's generally right.
Derek Aberle: When we first started talking about this, we were pretty clear that we're going to be in investment mode for a period of time here before this becomes a meaningful contributor. We're very positive on the signs we're seeing, both in North America with the large cloud players, as well as in China. And so you'll start seeing some shipments within probably the next year or so. But really, when you think about it as a contributor, it's going to be out a few years.
Derek Aberle: On your first question, there are couple of things. Really the primary positive driver would be OEM mix. So share gain by companies that are paying a higher running royalty rate than others and we think there is some potential for that as the year progresses.
Derek Aberle: On the amortization question, we have over the years done different kinds of deals, some of which have license fees that are amortized over a period of time. And so there are things that come into the amortization and go out. That's just an ongoing basis, but beyond that, you saw an acceleration of $250 million of license fees that would've been amortized over a longer period of time that will come in next quarter. And those are really the two that we're highlighting this time.
GeorgeDavis: Sure, hi, Mike. This is George. Yes, the $250 million is included in the guidance. And remember, it is netted against the expiration of about $100 million a quarter from a previous multi-year agreement. Mike, this is Derek. On the implied royalty rate question, I think there are so many moving pieces on this, but let me give you a high-level view. I think there's going to be some lumpiness as we go forward just in terms of catch-up units coming in and some of those will be three-mode units for prior periods, as well as then as licensees start reporting more three-mode, that will put some pressure on the rate. Although, actually what we're seeing in the market in China is more of a shift to five- and six-mode devices and away from three-mode devices. And so a lot of the design traction has moved and I think as you go into the second half of 2016, we will probably start seeing, as a percentage of units in China, a reduction in the amount of three-mode on a go-forward basis.
GeorgeDavis: So on the margin decline quarter over quarter and again as a reminder, we actually guided this at last quarter's call as well. As you see, the big seasonal pull back in volumes and the mix change that we see, that has both an absorption of OpEx issue and a gross margin reduction element to it. And the combination of those at this level of revenue pulls it down to our forecast. I will say, as we've talked about, we see those dynamics actually reversing themselves and actually providing momentum into the back half of the year in terms of margin improvement. And we still see getting to 16% in Q4 in QCT.
GeorgeDavis: On Q1, I think one of the things that you saw was better performance by QCT, particularly on OpEx pulling in some of the cost savings earlier into the year which actually helped that margin and improved that margin relative to our expectations going into the quarter. I would say that some of that has narrowed. In terms of the OpEx improvement quarter over quarter, you're not getting quite the move. So on lower revenue, OpEx as a percent of revenue is obviously going to weigh on the margin. And then of course, you just have the natural gross margin impact when you see a big seasonal adjustment in units and that's really what we're seeing. So nothing more than that and again, those things tend to reverse themselves, as I said earlier, in the second half of the year.
DerekAberle: On the rate, there's a few things affecting it in the quarter. We gave $100 million, we said more than $100 million and so we're not being entirely precise on that number. So I think you need to be a little bit careful about just taking it to the $100 million. But we also had some catch-up units come through in the quarter, for which we didn't have revenue in the quarter, given the structure of the deal in terms of when it's going to get paid out. That revenue we expect will come in in future quarters, so that's also having a drag. So you have got the disputed TRDS, as well as this three-mode element that is collectively putting some pressure on the rate. There are catch-up units in the quarter. I would say that they are not a huge contributor, but they are probably less than about 20 million units for the quarter.
DerekAberle: Again, I think you got to break down the TRDS picture in China. There's really three elements. One is the underreporting which I think is largely referred to as the compliance issue. Then there is three-mode volume that is unlicensed and we're working actively to get companies signed up so that they start paying on three-mode. And then the third thing that we talked about last quarter were actually a small number of companies, but actually meaningful in size that had actually started withholding reports and payment of licensed non-three-mode units. And so as we conclude new agreements with those companies, you'll see a meaningful improvement in the run rate collection because there also tend to be some of the larger three-mode players in China. So you will capture the three-mode, plus you'll get them back reporting on the non-three-mode which will leave you really with this compliance question which will still be something we need to work through. But those two, I think it's really a relatively small number of companies that need to get signed and you'll see a pretty material improvement in the run rate in QTL.
DerekAberle: I will take the first part of that. Really the dispute we have with LG is really unrelated to the issues that are before KFTC. We've had this throughout the history of the licensing program. It is just part of the business that will from time to time have disputes with our licensees. This is really a contract dispute under their agreement similar to a number of the ones we've had in the past which we have resolved successfully for the Company. And we feel very firmly that we're going to be able to do that again here. And so there will be a question of timing. We decided for now not to adjust the QTL revenue guidance for the year, because we still have three quarters left to resolve it. And we think there is a chance that that can happen. If it goes all the way through the arbitration process, that will likely push it outside the fiscal year. But we feel very good in our position and again, we've been through a number of these in the past and they have worked out well.
DerekAberle: On the catch-up units and compliance, we've -- we gave some color on that in-- for the full-year FY '15. And if you looked at the delta between what we gave as the global device sales and the reported device sales, it was about 9% or $25 billion. So that was the range for 2015. For 2016, it's really going to be dependent, I think, highly on the timing of getting these additional agreements signed. The underlying underreporting by licensees that have agreements, I would say has largely been in line over the last couple of quarters. It's not materially improving or worsening; it's really been more the dynamic of the people that have withheld payment and reporting which will get resolved upon signing the agreement. So I think the rough-sizing that we gave for 2015 with that color hopefully will get you there.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure Timothy, it's Steve Mollenkopf. The way we think about it is we obviously have the ability to execute on something like that. We don't feel like there's really a gun to our had to be able to have to do it. We feel we have a good growth path. But we're pleased to be able to return the cash that we have and will continue to do and have options to do that. As the industry consolidates, I think we're going to consider ourselves to be getting in a stronger position versus a weaker position to be able to take advantage of that trends that I spoke about it my script. So, we feel like we're in a good spot, but we don't feel like we have to do something in order to grow.
Steve Mollenkopf: This is Steve, just one other additional thing. Really what's driving worldwide unit demand for the products is just the transition to 4G. So you're still only seeing what something like 14% of the market is using 4G now and that continues to be a positive trend for us across tiers. With respect to TDK, the TDK commentary and the gallium arsenide PAs, we will be in production in 2017 and I think comfortably so. So we expect to see products in the market using those PAs in that timeframe.
Steve Mollenkopf: On the RF front-end business, I think it continues to be a very large TAM that for us, we haven't been participating in outside really largely by our envelope tracking business. And like all of our RF businesses or analog businesses, they are actually, that's a good, profitable business. So our ability to grow that, even within that TAM is, I think a good story for us. Our view of the market is that you're going to need to have all the pieces, filter, module, PA, base fans, switches to really be meaningful as a long term player. And that that capability will continue to be important, not only in the handset market, but also across all of the connectivity markets that open up as everything becomes connected and certainly in 5G. So we think that's a good set of assets. We will be able to grow that moving forward. We've got some execution to do to prove that. But we feel like we're getting the right pieces and we're going to make it happen.
Steve Mollenkopf: Sure, I just want to thank everyone for attending the call today. We're executing on the plan to get the Company growing again. We're focused on improving licensing in China. I look forward to the second half of the year as our new products ramp. I also want to remind everyone that we will hold our Analyst Day in San Diego in two weeks, where we will go into more detail on our strategy and priorities. I will close by thanking all of the Qualcomm employees on their hard work and for delivering a stronger-than-expected Q1. Thank you.
George Davis: Yes, I can't give you the specifics too much on that. But what I can tell you is that we really see the 820 as more of a second half. We certainly see that we'll be shipping some devices in the latter part of this quarter, but it's really going to be more evident in the second half of the year. And maybe Cristiano, I'll let you jump in on that. It's -- we're seeing more -- it's more -- I would say Q2 is more of a strong season effect with an exaggerated effect, as I said in my prepared remarks, on thin modem.
George Davis: Let me just respond to the chipset guide question. So I would say it, we're certainly seeing above normal seasonality in this quarter, in particular on the thin modem side. We have also seen some OEM mix in China having an effect. But I would say that is a deep third effect to what is a seasonal first, above seasonal in modem and then some modest OEM mix where customers of ours are ceding some share to customers that use other devices.
George Davis: So on the $250 million, that will be reported in QTL. In terms of what we're seeing in the channel, I would say we're not seeing an unusual inventory build like we saw a couple of quarters ago, with the exception, like I said, we're probably seeing a stronger-than-normal seasonal pullback in thin modems. But that's really what I would say is more of the outlier for our quarter.
George Davis: So the LG impact that we talked about of over $100 million is a quarterly number, so the annual impact, of course, is going to be dependent on what their royalty obligation would be for the year, relative to the guidance range. It was not anticipated or included in the $7.3 billion to $8 billion range. So it would be an adjustment to that and it really will be a function of when it is resolved as to what the potential impact would be until then.
George Davis: We will consolidate as soon as we close the transaction, because we will have 51% and effective control from a reporting standpoint. In terms of supporting other devices and other customers, we would anticipate continuing to do that just as TDK does today.
Cristiano Amon: Just one comment, I think it's very optimistic about the 820 design traction. Right now, we're supporting key flagship designs through care recertification, then volume ramp will happen the second half of FY '16.
Cristiano Amon: On the 820, I think as we said is the volume ramp is going to be in the second half of the year, that's where we go into mass production. But I think we feel pretty good about the 820 and the overall economics. I also think we're on, as we said, on a 14 LPP process node. Another thing to think about [indiscernible] the second half is, we're seeing increased design traction across all tiers, not only the 820, in particular in China because of the acceleration of LTE Advanced which is 4G plus and the all mode that was mentioned by Derek earlier.
Cristiano Amon: Just to add a comment, I think when you look at the Q2 $185 million midpoint of the guidance, I think what we said is the China was a very minor impact. It's not any unexpected design change. What it is the mix of OEMs in the marketplace. We saw a slight increase of volume for an OEM that is not used in QCT as a vertical OEM in China, but I think it's very minor. The main thing really is seasonality and the thin modem demand adjustment.
Cristiano Amon: I think George answered that earlier. I think one of the things where we're ahead of the plan of delivering some of the cost savings that we had a part of our strategic realignment plan. I think that has been a key contributor of our stronger margin in Q1.
