Akash Palkhiwala: Thank you, Cristiano, and good afternoon, everyone. We're extremely pleased to report strong second quarter results. We delivered non-GAAP revenues of $11.2 billion, our third consecutive quarter of record revenues and non-GAAP EPS of $3.21. These results reflect year-over-year increases of 41% and 69%, respectively, driven by strength across all QCT revenue streams. QTL revenues of $1.6 billion and EBT margin of 73% were above the midpoint of guidance, reflecting a slight decrease in lower-tier units, offset by a favorable mix. This was another record quarter for QCT with revenues of $9.5 billion and EBT of $3.3 billion, an increase of 52% and 111%, respectively, versus the year ago quarter. We have now doubled QCT EBT dollars on a year-over-year basis in 6 of the last 7 quarters. Additionally, QCT EBT margin of 35% surpassed the high end of our guidance and increased 10 points year-over-year driven by revenue growth and diversification. Handset revenues of $6.3 billion increased 56% versus a year ago quarter. The upside relative to guidance was driven by increased volume in premium tier and improved supply. We gained share in Samsung's flagship device, the Galaxy S22, demonstrating leadership of our Snapdragon processor technology and our ability to compete with internal chipset initiatives. RF front-end revenues of $1.2 billion grew 28% versus the year ago quarter on increased adoption of our products across major OEMs. We saw accelerated growth across IoT and automotive as we align supply to better meet the demand for our products. IoT revenues were up 61% year-over-year to $1.7 billion primarily on increased demand for our chipsets for connected intelligent edge devices. We saw strong performance across consumer, edge networking and industrial with each of these categories growing by more than 50% compared to the year ago quarter. We achieved record automotive revenues of $339 million, a growth of 41% versus the year ago period, driven by launches with our digital cockpit platforms. With the strong adoption of our Snapdragon digital chassis, we have now increased our overall design win pipeline to greater than $16 billion. Lastly, during the quarter, we announced a 10% increase in our dividends and returned $1.7 billion in dividends and stock repurchases. Our strong free cash flow has positioned us to deliver attractive capital returns that are among the highest in the semiconductor industry while maintaining flexibility for strategic investments. Before turning to guidance, I will provide an update on the Arriver acquisition. On April 1, SSW Partners acquired Veoneer for $4.6 billion with substantially all of it funded by Qualcomm. SSW Partners then transferred Arriver to Qualcomm and now plans to sell the remaining non-Arriver businesses over the next several quarters. We expect that Qualcomm will receive most of the cash proceeds from the sale. We estimate Arriver non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately $50 million per quarter. However, our guidance for the third fiscal quarter does not include this impact since we plan to report Arriver 1 quarter in arrears until the fourth quarter. Further details of the transaction are included in our 10-Q and earnings presentation posted on our Investor Relations website. Turning to financial guidance for the third fiscal quarter. We are forecasting revenues of $10.5 billion to $11.3 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $2.75 to $2.95. We estimate QTL revenues of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion and EBT margins of 69% to 73%. Our guidance contemplates global handset units consistent with the exit rate from the second fiscal quarter and assumes the end of COVID-related impact in China by the end of the quarter. In QCT, we estimate revenues of $9.1 billion to $9.6 billion and EBT margins of 31% to 33%. At the midpoint, this implies year-over-year revenue growth of 44% and EBT dollar growth of $1.2 billion. On a sequential basis, we expect mid-single-digit revenue growth in IoT and automotive and a seasonal reduction in handsets and RF front end. Our strong forecast for QCT is driven by the same factors which benefited our second quarter, including gains in handset premium tier volume, strong demand in IoT and automotive and supply improvements. We anticipate non-GAAP operating expenses to be up 5% to 7% sequentially, reflecting select investments in product road map. In closing, we are pleased with our financial results and strong execution as we manage to supply constraints in the current macroeconomic environment. Our QCT handset revenues are on track to grow by greater than 50% in fiscal '22. And we are well positioned for fiscal '23 as we continue to benefit from increased processor content and share gains. While we strengthen our mobile leadership, diversification is the top priority for the company as evidenced by increasing design win pipeline in automotive and accelerating revenue growth in IoT. Thank you. Back to you, Mauricio.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Mike, from a market perspective, we saw some softness relative to our previous expectations in the March quarter in the lower tier units. But as Cristiano said, a lot of the driver for our revenue growth and our value proposition is very strong at the premium high tier. And you're seeing the benefit of that show up.
Akash Palkhiwala: Samik, it's Akash. So maybe I'll address the question at a higher level in terms of the key drivers there. So first is we talked about Samsung share increase. And so that has helped us at the premium tier. Second is as supply has improved, we've been able to meet more of the demand in China as well. So that's the second key driver. As we've said in the past, as the OEM mix has changed, it has opened up a larger portion of the market for us. And so being able to access that portion of the market is also beneficial. And then finally, it's -- just the thing to remember is only 20% of the global handset units come from China, right? So the rest of the market, you're still seeing strong demand at premium high tier. And so we've been able to participate in that. And then finally, from a content perspective, as you know well, when you look at one generation to the next of phones, the amount of computing that consumers are demanding keeps going up. And that provides an opportunity for us, not just from a competitive differentiation perspective but also additional content per phone. And so even if you look at one generation 5G phone to next-generation 5G phone, because of the increase in content on the processor side, you're seeing the benefits show up in our numbers.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So we've looked at it both from a demand and supply perspective. On the demand side, as I mentioned earlier, relative to our expectations, we saw some slight decrease in lower-tier units in China. So we are projecting that forward into the June quarter and where our numbers assume a recovery in COVID-related impact in China by the end of the quarter. But obviously, that's an evolving situation and we're going to continue to closely monitor it. But as I said earlier, China is 20% of the global market. You still have the remaining 80% where we're seeing a lot of positive trends from a consumption perspective with a strong demand for premium high-tier devices.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure. Stacy, it's Akash. We obviously take a consistent approach when we guide the quarters going forward. So we've taken the same approach as we have done in the past. Certainly, there is more things that we don't do, given the situation in China and then macroeconomic situation as well. But the demand signals are strong and supply is improving and a lot of the upside that you're seeing is those 2 factors coming together.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. From a September quarter perspective, as you know well, it's kind of the quarter where we start seeing the second inflection point of the year for us, where we have flagship launches late in the August, September time frame going into holiday season. So we still expect that to happen, and that's going to help our performance as we go into those 2 quarters. Also, if you look at the September quarter, we're seeing strong demand across our diversification plan. So that's playing out as or better than we had expected. And so IoT, automotive and RF front end, we also expect strong year-over-year growth in those areas into the September quarter.
Akash Palkhiwala: Sure, Tal. It's Akash. So on the operating margin side, we're obviously very pleased with our margin performance. We guided 32% to 34% and came in at 35%, pretty strong performance. We're guiding 31% to 33% going forward as well. And it's really a combination of the 3 drivers we have discussed before. Revenue forecast with diversification, that's really helping us. Gross margins, as I'm sure you'll see through the numbers. We're doing well there. And then being able to leverage the handset technology into these new markets also make it accretive to diversify. So it's the combination of those things and consistent with what we've said before. The story is playing out as we would have expected. From a China perspective, you should think of we are participating in the revenue opportunity across all OEMs in China. And so if there's a particular OEM that's winning, Qualcomm would be participating in that as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Rod, it's the driver of the September quarter is typically consistent with what you would have seen in the past, right? So flagship launches that happen, not just in Android but Apple as well. we see the benefit of that show up in our numbers in that quarter and then going into December quarter. So that's a factor. Android demand continues to be strong. We have obviously significant demand and visibility in terms of the information we're getting from all of our customers, even with reconciling their demand signal for the market changes. So we're pretty confident as we look forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. I think maybe the only -- really thing to highlight that's inconsistent with the way we had seen the market before and the way we had outlined it at Investor Day is the weakness at the lower tier when you kind of step back from that and look at the rest of the market. On a global basis, it's playing out consistent with our expectations.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. Ross, it's Akash. So when we look forward on the handset side, we still think that there is opportunity to gain share, especially as supply improves. So that would be one driver. Second is 4G to 5G transition. We have some ways to go on that for the rest of the market. So we should see that play out, and that should benefit us as well. The third driver is what we discussed earlier, where the amount of processing that's needed. And this is whether it's CPU or GPU, AI camera, audio, video security, each of these vectors are being pushed hard in terms of performance and the competitive landscape between the OEMs. It is demanding that all these capabilities get added to the handset. So that is also helping us from a content increase perspective. And then those are the drivers as we look forward.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So I think in the quarter that we just reported, we guided gross margin at a certain level, and we came in even stronger than that. And so as we look forward, we're guiding kind of in line with our recent history, more in line with the way we had guided the March quarter as well. So that -- we could have a potential opportunity based on a mix of products. But the insight that we have right now based on the mix, we think that's a good number.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So the easiest way to think about that already business is really aligning it to the total handset market and then mix within that. So as you'll recall at Investor Day, we had forecasted 2022 calendar units as flat to calendar 2021. And what we're seeing play out is slightly lower units at the low tier but offset by a stronger mix. And that's the combination of factors that's impacting both the actuals for QTL and our guidance for the next quarter.
Akash Palkhiwala: Blayne, it's Akash. So as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing growth in content, which is a driver for us. We're also seeing the share that we picked up at Samsung that we've discussed the strength in China and the improving supply. All of these are combinations that help us in the second half of the year. Also to keep in mind that typically, the new Apple phone launch happens in the fall time frame, and that would be a driver as well.
Akash Palkhiwala: Yes. So as we reported, IoT grew -- total revenue grew by 61% year-over-year. So of course, very happy about that. When you kind of unpack it a bit and you look at enterprise, consumer and edge networking, each of those portions of IoT grew by greater than 50% individually. So it's not something that's concentrated in an area. It's very broad growth. As Cristiano mentioned in his prepared remarks as well, that the strongest growth came from the enterprise channel, which was really good for us. I think that's an area that the SAM is effectively unlimited. There's a lot of digital transformation that needs to happen. And our ability to expand our presence there and participate in it is a tremendous driver for us long term.
Cristiano Amon: Thanks for the question, Matt. No, look, I think the simple answer to your question, it's looking really good. The way you should think about that is as the cars are really becoming connected computer on wheels, the digital chassis assets of Qualcomm is really resonating with carmakers. And we're probably winning ahead even of our original projections. So we feel pretty good about ability to meet what we outlined at Analyst Day.
Cristiano Amon: Great question, Matt. Look, I wanted to point it out. It's a pretty good trade actually. Instead of providing a modem, we provide an entire Snapdragon platform with AI, GPUs, CPUs and a lot of silicon content plus RF front end. It's a pretty positive trade, if I can say it that way. This has been consistent with what we said before. You probably saw that in the making as a lot of the new form factor from Samsung, both the fold and the flip was Qualcomm globally. And I think the GS-22 kind of outlined the strategy of a deeper partnership with Qualcomm. And going forward, we expect our relationship with Samsung only to increase. So we're very pleased. And I think it reflects that the strategy is working. We've been focused on premium and high, and that's the value share of the Android market and technology investments, our differentiation and even Snapdragon brand matters. And I think that's reflected in what happened with GS-22.
Cristiano Amon: So the second question, Mike, on supply. The supply situation is going as we planned. I think contemplating our guidance contemplated into our projections that we made back in Analyst Day. Having said that, you're going to hear the same thing that you're probably hearing from us consistently. We still have more demand than supply across all business.
Cristiano Amon: So Tal, this is Cristiano. I just want to add a couple of things. So first of all, the strategy for handsets for us, it's different. We're really focused on premium and high tier. We have been very disciplined how we think about pricing. And we're really building on our technology differentiation, preference for Snapdragon brand. And I think that has had a contribution on the gross margin on the handset business. But also, we pointed out that in China its represented 20% of the market. The premium tier devices, whether Vivo, Oppo, Xiaomi, Honor, Huawei for 4G as well as devices such as Samsung, they're all powered by Qualcomm. And that is why we've been benefiting of growth in a richer mix of premium and high. We're not that much impacted by the low-tier units. And we've been less interested in commodity units in the handset business. Having said that, regardless of what's happened in the China market, I think the story on IoT is strong. The story on auto is strong and all of the new business are accretive to margins that Akash outlined.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. Thanks for the question, Joe. This is Cristiano. I think what you have to watch is the amount of processing content that is increasing. It's now beyond a 5G story, just on the premium tier for the next generations of Snapdragon coming up. It's a significant increase in GPU, in artificial intelligence and CPU. So content on the processor side has been the biggest driver of higher ASPs and gross margin in handsets. The other thing I want to continue to point it out, which is as we leverage our one technology road map to grow in the other business. And in the quarter, 61% growth in IoT. In automotive, we added $3 billion to the design win pipeline. That's all accretive to margin, highly leveraged from the R&D that we do in mobile.
Cristiano Amon: Condition is very high. And I'll point you to something that I would encourage, I think, you all to observe what's happening in the market. In many of those markets that are now new markets to Qualcomm, Samsung is actively advertising Snapdragon as an ingredient brand with the Galaxy S22. And I think that's a very significant data point. And as I said earlier, I think we're very confident that Samsung relationship is going to continue to be an expanding relationship for us.
Cristiano Amon: No, absolutely. Thanks for the question. We are on track. We have been working with Microsoft for many years. I think Windows 11, as I mentioned before, is for the first time, you'll have full support, including 64-bit emulation on ARM. It's the first time that you actually have a platform, which is ready for commercial and enterprise deployments. We did -- within the quarter launched with Lenovo, the first enterprise ThinkPad. And we have a number of designs with our 8 CX generation 3. As we think about the next generation, we have been developing our own CPU that's been designed by the NUVIA team. And we are going after the performance tier for focus about high scale in the enterprise. And development is on track, and we expect to have that in late 2023.
Cristiano Amon: Yes. Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. I also like to take this opportunity to thank the hardworking, dedicated brilliant Qualcomm employees, thank all of our partners. And I just wanted to say why we love all the questions about handsets and handsets always going to be a very big part of our business. I wanted to point you all that the Qualcomm is changing from a communications company for the mobile industry into really a connected processor company for the intelligent edge. Even how we think about handsets no longer about modems. And in the quarter, we're super pleased that IoT alone was $1.7 billion. If you look at the IoT plus auto combined plus our RF business in excess of $3 billion, and we're just busy executing on one of the biggest opportunities in our history. Thank you very much.
