Walter Berman: Okay. So if I understand the question, we weren't really shifting in the $3 billion. We believe it will be in the early part of the quarter that we will do that. Obviously, we will continue to invest in our structured AAA investments and which currently are yielding in the 4.5% range. And so that will make a total of about $7 billion of new funds into the bank and deployed in, like I said, in the second quarter it's 4.2% and now at current rates it's 4.5%.
Walter Berman: Again, a lot of assumptions in there, but from the standpoint of looking at the opportunity we have on the care side and certainly, the strong close that we are garnering in this environment, you should be able to see margin maintain and expand.
Walter Berman: Hey, Alex. They are holding up. And from that standpoint, so the trend you've seen it is holding. As it relates to the crediting rate for clients, we go through an extensive competitive review. And on that basis we did increase some of the rates as it relates to it based on that review and we will certainly consider continue to evaluate that which we do weekly. So we see that obviously we will start crediting as if the Fed basically increases on the 75 basis points that we anticipate at the end of the month. And so right now we feel there is certainly opportunity as rates increase and to certainly credit and those are in our assumption base.
Walter Berman: Yes. Listen it's a good question. But if you go back to the first quarter of 2020, certainly we were earning, certainly a good short-term return and then it disappeared. So the bank gives us the ability to really have a steady earnings stream with high-quality investments. So we are balancing that. And the spreads we're getting right now we feel is very good with the risk profile. So we will continue to do that from that standpoint. We feel it's a critical part of our overall cash strategy. So we're very fortunate to have the bank not only to offer to our clients, new products and capability, but also the -- giving this ability to have the stabilization of having the spread income come through.
Walter Berman: Number one from a company standpoint certainly we look at it, but we are going to be very well managed on our G&A overall as you indicated certainly asset management Jim indicated certainly they are looking at discretionary spend. So, overall from a company standpoint, we are going to be in the range that we talk about and we're performing well. As it relates to AWM with the good revenue growth we see and everything it's going to be managed, but we are certainly trying to garner and increase basically and take advantage of this situation to invest. So, it's going to be well managed early within expectations to the revenue growth that we see which we think is going to be good.
Walter Berman: Okay. It is structured. It's in CMBS, it is basically a retail MBS and the CLOs are the highest structure within that structure and they all are triple rated from that standpoint 88% of what we invest is in those AAA securities -- structured securities. 
Walter Berman: Well, it's -- you saw it dropped $300 million again within our rare expectations it was that tolerance reporting, it was within total tolerances. It hit reserves and basically capital on the VA side as it relates to that 15% drop in the quarter. And so from that standpoint the hedging was effective is 94%. So, we feel very comfortable, but it was a substantial drop and certainly within our expectations from our modeling. So, but it was both on both reserves and on capital. 
Walter Berman: So, as again we're continuing to evaluate. We certainly have interest in that and we're evaluating that. And we -- yes to be direct about it, I think it is clear to us that the value and the quality at which we have is being recognized from that standpoint. But as you know these are long tail evaluations and they're continuing.
Walter Berman: Sure. So in there, we're anticipating based on the latest estimates from the Fed, there will be an additional 175 basis point increase and we'll see where that goes. Certainly, from that, all we also – the crediting rates, we are assuming that we would start distributing at a harder level within that. So right now, the number of – versus for the whole year is the change versus last year would be in the $400 million range plus. So that $200 million that we talked about is in the $400 million range plus for the total year.
Walter Berman: The 400 basis points is strictly BMO. That's a normalization on the BMO from – so the 35% to 39% is like I said going down 400 basis points strictly because in BMO it does not – and obviously, we're coming down because of the market standpoint. And – but because we're in the 40s and now it's dropping, because of the deleveraging is taking place, because of the equity markets and fixed income and we'll continue that's it. Hopefully I answered it.
Walter Berman: So when that's – it is now normalized okay because we always said we would be 34% up and 39%. And it is our target range. So as the markets, if we look at the markets and we evaluate the implications, we are going to be looking at the expenses. And it does have the some of the synergies that we anticipated with BMO, which was going to be more back loaded to 2023.
Walter Berman: Again, looking at our expense base there's a reasonable portion that's variable. But again, the exact proportion, it gives us the ability to certainly adjust. The exact percentages – kindly, I would have to get back on that. But we do have -- because there is investment spending that we do, and certainly, we have evaluation of hiring and other things on open positions. So, there's a reasonable amount of variable in there, but I don't have the exact percentages at mind, pardon me right now.
Walter Berman: Yes. So, with BMO, obviously, we shifted from 27% to 36%. And that is sensitive to. So approximately in the PTI elements of it, it was about a $15 million impact to us.
Walter Berman: Well, from -- if I understand your question, certainly the $1.6 billion we feel comfortable at the continued as we indicated hitting our trend line for the 90% for the year. And obviously, as you look at the back half of the year, we'll be able to, certainly, with that 90% hitting buyback, a lot more share where the share price was last year versus is right now. Hopefully, it will get back to where it is. But where it is right now, will give us the ability at that level to buy back more shares.
Walter Berman: No. At this stage, we evaluate each quarter, but the answer is -- and we'll be opportunistic as we assess it, but we're still talking in 90%.
Walter Berman: Okay. Yeah, obviously -- it's Walter. You're going to get the normalization. If the Fed increases come in, which is 175 coming in the back end and getting the normalization on calendarization is going to take place there. It is dependent of course, again what happens to the cash balances and the crediting rate. So there's a lot of variables. But as Jim said, you're going to get an increase. And certainly, we anticipate there will be an increase based on our modeling. So in -- again, from our standpoint, it is going to be substantial.
Jim Cracchiolo: Andrew, yes, thank you for the question. We continue to see good recruits. I mean, actually second quarter was actually stronger than the first. And the pipeline continues to look good. We are speaking to more people. I think people are recognizing what we bring to the plate, in combination of the support we give, the technology and how we help them really grow their practices. We're getting really strong reviews from people who have joined us. And so, we feel that this is a continued good opportunity for us. And even as you go through these volatile markets, based on the type of support we give and helping advisers to actually achieve more in regard to their productivity and how they manage their businesses, we feel it's a good opportunity for us.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think what you're asking, it's also an excellent question. And so yes, our total client activity has increased over the years as you've seen. And even in this last quarter, we brought in almost $9 billion of new client inflows. Now with this market as you would imagine, the deployment of whether it's new money or even current money is a little more -- people are a little more putting on the sidelines and waiting the things are stable. So money is still being deployed, but not to the extent where you have rising markets or the stability in the market. So with the pullback, we experienced, I mean, first part of the year, you're down 20% bond markets were also down. So I think the $6 billion is quite strong in this type of market environment. My feeling is money will continue to go back into the market as things stabilize particularly even in the fixed side of the business. So I don't see anything changing. Now whether you've got some material market dislocation occurring in the third and fourth quarter, I can't tell you. But I think if markets aren't materially different we should still continue to see good flows.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, this is Jim. What I would expect is more of a continuation at this point. I think from a retail perspective, I think things are still on the asset management side soft. I think you'll see that across the industry. If you look at the new Sims that are coming out, or will come out. I think on institutional it's just longer for mandates et cetera. But – so I don't see a dramatic change at this point. Now, we'll see what the Fed does, and we'll see what the outlook is for various things as we go forward. But that's what I would probably say.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, with the BMO acquisition, et cetera, they have very good capabilities, and now we are looking at those opportunities across the franchise with our expanded level of institutional business. And so, we feel it will be a good channel as well as a relationship builder channel for us.
Jim Cracchiolo: Remember, I think it's actually pretty good. A lot of companies are pulling back on their buybacks if they were doing them, and we're doing them at a still a very strong rate.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, what we saw in our business is our net flows were a little -- on a percentage basis, a little worse than where we saw on our equity side. And that's mainly because of the mix of business that we have. So, some of the players that might have had larger areas of short duration, et cetera. We have a short duration business, but it's not necessarily one that we're across all our channels in. And so, people who had that business or a little more of the inflow in there than we did, because we really were in mortgages and total bond and things such as that a little longer duration products. And then, the other area that I think probably had some greater flows was more on the leveraged loan area, which is only a small business for us. So, I think it had to do more with mix than anything else. But because of being in the type that we were in with the dislocation in the fixed income market as you would imagine redemptions would be up a little more and flows were down. Municipals, was another area that we had a bit of that weakness and based on the market situation. But we believe that the areas that we do have now, based on the credit quality, et cetera, will come back. We think as interest rates stabilize a little more or that as you see on the long end, it's starting to soften up a little bit.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So what we have now we have a good mix with the BMO acquisition. So we're putting more energy and time on the ESG or the RI part responsible investing. We're doing more on things like LDI and solutions. We're doing more on alternatives. We're trying to build out a little more on our retail, real estate and property businesses institutional as well. And so there are certain things like that that we're focused on for what we have in place. So we feel good about the mix that we have. Again, we're in a little bit of this -- I think you look across the asset management industry. I'm not sure you'll see a lot of favorability at this point across, but I think we're in good shape. We have good businesses. We can manage our expenses. We're still investing appropriately to get some greater scale efficiencies and the integration with BMO. So again, we're in a little bit of a dislocation market. But I think -- and that's really one of the benefits of the firm like Ameriprise. We're very balanced, even where I know on one end someone says risk transfer, but we generate some really good solid earnings and cash flow from our I&A business activities, our AWM now with the growth of the bank in complement, it gives us a good now offset. So I think over time, again you'll see the strength of how the company really plays out and how we can use this opportunity to really leverage against whether it's having to do with shareholder return or even flexibility.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think what you have to sort of factor in. And again, it depends on what happens with markets, right? You had a bit more of a dislocation of the markets in the second quarter. And so, as you look at that probably compared to where the averages are between the first and the second quarter going into the third, you will continue to have a little bit more of that margin compression as is depreciation on the asset base, if you roll it over. But having said that, I would say that we still feel good about being within those margins after you take that into account. So remember, markets depreciated and it's not just equity markets, the fixed income market, which is not normal in the sense where you get both of them depreciating at the same time.
