James M. Cracchiolo: This is Jim. It's a combination of all of the above. So, our advisors have been focused in bringing in more clients and moving a bit more upmarket. So, the average clients they're bringing in have more assets. They're also deepening the relationship through the advice value proposition, which in fact serves the clients in a more deeper way against more of their goals and activities. And we're also supporting them so that they can become more efficient, so that their practices actually can drive more levels of activity, serving the clients well. And so, it's all of the above. And we are continuing to focus on bringing that advice value proposition to life because even our best advisors don't necessarily give the full advice equation to all of their clients. And we want to help them do that because – in a more efficient way, so that they can serve them even more fully. And so, that's why we're bringing even more tools and capabilities to bear in an integrated fashion, so that they can engage all of their clients in the same deep value proposition that they provide.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. What we're more focused really on is bringing in highly-productive people, and really tenuring our group. And so, helping our practices even grow more fully by adding support staff, so that they can drive more activities within their own grouping of advisor activity – teams. So, it's not just the number. I mean, we could go and bring in independents and merge other firms like others are doing. What we're really looking for is strong, quality advisors that will run a really good practice, deliver a strong value proposition, build our brand in that regard, and serve their clients well. So, we look for quality. We look for them to have a good level of productivity in serving the clients more fully, so that we get really strong satisfaction. We're a firm believer in that if we can offer a really strong value proposition, if our clients believe in us and trust us, and we can give them the confidence they need to make the right decisions, we're going have a strong franchise. So, it's less about number for us and it's more about what we can deliver that will grow the asset base and the productivity of the advisor.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah. Alex, as we look at it, I mean, we have a very strong VA and as well as an insurance book. And it's an ongoing business that has really good clients and advisor activity against it and a very good channel in a sense of that we have a financial planning channel where the products are really sold as solutions. So, strategically, if there's an opportunity there, but it's more thought about not as a closed-book where we're looking to unload it in any fashion, as we said, it generates very good cash flow, it has very good risk management, and it's an ongoing business concern in a sense of replenishment of assets. We don't grow this externally. Someone can take our capabilities and use it if they want it in that regard. So, it's along those lines that we would consider, but not in a sense of just selling it as sort of closed wind down book. It's not that book. It's not that type of book.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we're clearly evaluating that. We still have a bank charter. It's a trust bank charter that we would look to expand our activities. So, we're well on our work in evaluating what that would be for the latter part of this year, but it would be more of a bank serving our client needs. So, it'll be around wealth management-type of products, such as pledge activity. It would be on secured lending activities. It would be what we used to do in some home equity lines and some mortgages, and various products like that on certain loans activity. But it would be all to our client base, not looking to externally sell.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. It's a fair question, John. The answer is, obviously, we don't call it a trust, but certainly we feel comfortable, and that's your term. So, I just have to make that point. But we certainly have the collateral Protection that we feel is appropriate, and the answer is that the Protection is in line with what we believe the liabilities are. And certainly, we work with Genworth and we certainly understand. Again, it goes to our close relationship both on them doing claims, doing administration, other aspects that we work with that we feel that theirs is similar to ours. And so, it would not have to be a substantial denigration of capital if in the – like you said, we're not talking about recapture. But if it – and that event ever occur, there should be no capital. But we have no plans to recapture. I just want to make sure everybody understands that.
James M. Cracchiolo: No. I guess the short answer is no, you should not. It's in our basically risk appetite and tolerance analysis that we do, and we certainly make recommendations as it relates to the deployment of capital. And with its earnings characteristics, and so even with as we run risk elements, the capital – I think we've actually disclosed this, that, five years out, you're talking in the range of $400 million. And certainly, we're generating very strong returns on that. So, it is actually certainly manageable and certainly providing the right return characteristics with the right risk characteristics. So, no impact to our ability to continue to do and invest in our business and have other options as it relates to inorganic or return of capital to shareholders.
James M. Cracchiolo: Obviously, the answer is yes. Listen, we are tracking and we do build in and certainly based on our credible experience that we have what we feel is demonstrating the claims cost increases. So – and then, of course, we still have the ability on price increases, which we certainly build in, that we feel we're quite prudent on that. So, the answer is we do see that, obviously, claims are going up, but certainly within what we expect, what we've seen, and building elements. The other aspect of this, and we've gotten questions, Suneet, and I think just to be clear, we currently have built in to our reserves about $120 million worth of future price increases, of which 30% of that is already approved by the state. So, we're feeling quite comfortable with that element. Our reserves, as we look forward, we're comfortable with that. But, again, we're going through our third quarter, we have no reason to think it's going to change. But we feel quite good about where we stand with that, and certainly expect that it will be within ranges that we've seen or we will adjust as we've always said, but again, quite manageable.
James M. Cracchiolo: No. It's – again, we've reinsured to Genworth – we're dealing – I'm talking about our block now and, obviously, they're setting up the reserves, and I just answered a question on that. But this is, again, they will be impacted by obviously the full amount, but the issue is with their share. But this is for us. We're talking about us.
James M. Cracchiolo: They have a share of the total. Remember, the total of reserves on this are $5 billion. We're talking about $2.5 billion. There's about 113,000 clients, they have half the clients or half the risk of it.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, so as we said previously, the first thing we wanted to do is we did have – developed a very good business here, a good business model. It's a direct affinity business. So, it – it generates unbelievable client satisfaction. It's a low-cost operated in the way the business is run as a direct affinity type of model. And we have very good client activity and retention, so more of a mass affluent base. I think over the last few years, as we've grown through certain partnerships, like Progressive, et cetera, we picked up some undue loss activity there based upon the concentration. So, now we're getting out of that type of arrangement, which would bring down a level of the cat activity that we experienced, that really got heightened over the last few years based on the number and type of storms that have been through the country, but you can see that across a lot of insurers. In this certain part of the equation, we had to enhance a lot of our modeling capability as the industry continued to make adjustments. And there are different things occurring in the Auto section, and so we've been able to do that now. And I think over the next year or so, you're going see improvements that are going to work its way through in what we're putting in place on the underwriting, the modeling, the pricing, the claims management activities, the policy adjustments that we're making and the partnership arrangements that we're adjusting. So, I do believe we'll get back to a good state. But to your point, strategically, it is not as integrated into our proposition in a sense of it's all our core client activity. But we have very good relationships. We have very good client base. We have a consistent retention of clients based on how satisfied they are with Ameriprise. So, strategically, we'll be able to evaluate that with our partners and figure out if there are things that we should consider. And I will do that. But we want to really continue to bring this back to the state that we think it can be in, and it's well on its way.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So, what we're doing is we're going to replicate a lot of our OIC (56:08) line and build on our CCAP line across the continent. It's a combination of – we're doing it both for a combination of Brexit activities, but also we do want to expand more fully in the key markets across Europe. And we've already started to put our extra resources, build the brand, introduce some of these product lines more comprehensively in the fourth quarter of this year. And so, we'll be building out in places like Germany and Italy and Spain and places like that where we see a good opportunity, where we already have a good initial level of client activity, and that they're looking for our product. And we feel there is an opportunity for us to further expand and go deeper like we are in the UK. So, we feel good about that. We think it's a good opportunity and one that we can have some good success with – with the product line that we have.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So we have been able to put together both a good product line, more fully and comprehensive than we've ever had before in the institutional basis. We have longer term track records in a number of areas. In some of the areas that we've been a bit stronger in, things like high yield, et cetera, as you would imagine the markets has tightened a little bit. People aren't putting as much money into it. And also, just based on market evaluations, people have slowed down a little bit on the equity side as well. So, we don't see this as a permanent thing, but we do see – and I think you'll see it across the industry where the institutional activities have slowed a bit in a number of the areas, particularly in the areas that we have a bit more strength in. So, that's really what we're seeing. But we have been expanding our relationships. We are growing them globally. And we do feel there's more opportunity for us to continue to get some of our product line in, including some of our solution activity. And so, we're building that out as well. We want to get a little more customized than what we can deliver for institutions. We're also building out our infrastructure business out of the UK and Europe. And we're trying to also with Lionstone start to build that activity even further there. So, we have some things in the hopper. But as I would tell you, I think if you look across the institutional activity in the first half of the year, it slowed a bit.
James M. Cracchiolo: So in our G&A, we both have, first of all, support across the entire network for what we do from our branding to our capabilities that we offer and the services we provide. It also is volume-related in various activities. From trading activities and the platform clearing and, et cetera, et cetera. So, all of that is part of our G&A expenses that go up with volume and down with volume, as well as some what we would call our staff and support and servicing. From an advisor perspective, we bear the cost of our employee advisors for their G&A-fixed costs like offices, et cetera. And our franchisee channel, they bear the cost of their real estate and their services and their support staff, as part of their activities and they have a higher payout to do that. So, it's a combination of where we have the asset, both fixed and variable, that we serve. And then our advisors, if – they're a franchisee pick up some of their overhead from managing their own in-office operations.
James M. Cracchiolo: The variable expense in that – again, it's looking at what we've said as it relates to vendors and other elements as it relates to the activity level is about $4 million or $5 million on that increase.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, the recruiting did slow a little bit at starting the year activities. There's a combination of factors including market volatility. But I think some change in the protocol for some of the firms. But I think our pipeline looks good. We're seeing a bit more activity come back again. As you saw, we picked up the 76 or roughly similar in the first quarter. But we do feel good about the pipeline, the people we're bringing in, and people are interested. And so we feel good about that.
Walter S. Berman: The answer is that the expenses will be going down – or will be lower. But the issue is we'll still be investing in the basic product, and we will be getting some efficiencies as we go through. But it is – that is – our targeted range is in that 6% range.
Walter S. Berman: And it's geared towards your revenue growth, and we feel comfortable that that is the range within reasonable deviation.
Walter S. Berman: It's Walter, Alex. Obviously, we've gotten more inquiries coming in. And certainly as interest rates or other situations improve, people are looking for earnings. But we have – again, the block is an excellent block, it generates excellent returns on the variable annuities side. So, it would have to be an offer that would create shareholder value. On the Long Term Care, again, as we always said, we are preparing for and certainly would entertain offers that would basically give us a reasonable share of return, considering the counterparty risk that you'd be taking, and the fact of where we're leaving the interest rate capabilities. Because again, as they go up, and you know that we've been investing conservatively on that point. So, yes, we're certainly prepared, but it has to meet certain hurdles that provide shareholder return and the right protections from a contingency standpoint.
Walter S. Berman: We have already and installed base of credit cards that we'll be transferring over. And certainly as you indicated, sweep accounts will certainly come in and then we will be able to leverage on and play with the balance sheet then to provide the appropriate risk return.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. Alex (sic) [John] (41:15). It's Walter. So, thank you for recognizing – excuse me, John. It's Walter. The answer to your question is, yes. And you're exactly on – in the one year it is about a one-third and in five years it's about 88%, closer to 90%, and those are the ones that we use. And, obviously, we're going through our unlocking now and updating our credible experience factors, but certainly the assumptions are based on our experience.
Walter S. Berman: The answer is yes. Obviously, we track this very closely versus peers and competitiveness, but the answer is yes to your question.
Walter S. Berman: Actually – we certainly, as part of a review look at, but it's very difficult to get something that gives you the comparability. We rely on our credible experience because candidly that is something that is tracked, and we certainly feel very comfortable with that. So, on industry, certainly we don't ignore it, but it is now building and it's not difficult to do – it is difficult to do a very precise compare considering when they stop their features, the way they manage it. But certainly, it's a data point. And that will be evaluated as we go forward, but we do rely heavily on our credible experience. And certainly, are not – we understand what goes on with the street, but the issue is drawing our conclusions about what reserves and what generates on reserves is really based upon our credible experience because we have not seen anything that would deviate us from that.
