Walter Berman: What we assumed, Tom, was that for the near-term period that the rate on that would be sub-3; and then in the end of 2012 period, we’re assuming the Treasury will be, like, a 5, and then with the spread we’ll take it to a 6. And that’s how we got to it, and we think that is consistent.Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. I guess, Walter, my point would be for money that are going into these contracts today, 6% would appear to be—the only that’s going to happen is if rates go down and stay down. I understand your point that as you move forward on average, if rates rise, you’d be clipping higher coupons. But for funds that go into contracts in the next year, 6% seems unlikely unless rates actually go down from here and stay down. But we can debate that more offline.
Walter Berman: Okay.Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: I don’t know if you agree or disagree with that. I just—I think it’s improbable that you’d get 6% unless interest rates actually go down for money being put into contracts now.
Walter Berman: Obviously—let me try and do it this way. The impact was effective in the quarter, so when we look at going forward, as I said, with the lengthening of the lives and then with the overtrades, I don’t think we see a major change in the near term as it relates to that, versus—Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: So Walter, would the 62 million amortization rate be a decent run rate, which would imply annuity earnings of 150 million-plus a quarter; or is it back to 2Q level? I just want to clarify that.
Walter Berman: No, I don’t think so. I think—listen, the pattern of that as we went in, it will slow a little and then build up in 2011; and as it relates to the quarter, certainly we had the impact of the quarter-over-quarter 4% drop, but there’s nothing that we see as problematic.
Walter Berman: Well, basically you’re taking out—let me just say this. I think when we adjusted through with the elements, it’s moved from, like, 10—yeah, it’s down from 10, too. So the amount on that is, (inaudible), on the equity side is around 36 million, and that’s moving a point and a half. I’m guessing right now it may be 20 or something like that. But it’s a guess. It really is.
Walter Berman: Okay, it’s Walter, Andrew. On the LTC, obviously we are in repricing and we’ve certainly filed for pricing. As relates to the DI, as we indicated, it looked like that was a spike-up in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis it’s actually on trend line where we are, so we’re feeling quite comfortable with no action. We have some of the lowest claim rates, probably, in the industry so we don’t really feel there’s a pattern change here at all at this stage.
Walter Berman: It varies. It varies. Obviously there’s a whole set of tests that you go through with the state to demonstrate the profitability of it. It’s ranged all over depending on state. But it’s been a program we’ve been doing and we obviously valuate that relative to the current rate, so it’s a detailed review that goes on. But it’s—we constantly assess and we’re constantly filing.
Walter Berman: If you’re referring to the advice and wealth management, obviously the drag is continuing, so the change is really not an impact for us from that standpoint. It’s just staying at a lower rate, as we spoke to you about, that we were hoping and as we looked at the rates that they would increase, which would then generate profitability. But the quarter-over-quarter change is not significant at all from that standpoint. It is certainly just we’re looking for the uplift as the short-term rates go up.
Walter Berman: As we indicated last time, we’re earning in the 50 basis point range on the sweep accounts, and we continue to earn in that range; and that’s at the low end of the spectrum. And that’s what we see continuing until we start seeing short rates go up.
Walter Berman: As relates to what’s changed, certainly we have observed that people that have living benefits tend to lapse less, and certainly people, as you have indicated, certainly in the money tend to lapse less also. And on that basis, we’ve gone in looking at the behavioral patterns and made the adjustment, and the number’s in the $200 million range. As it relates to the amortization period on variable annuities, it was looking and evaluating where we were. Basically it went up to, I believe—it doubled for—it went from 20 to 40 on fixed annuities—on variable annuities, and on fixed annuities it went up to 30 years, and that’s based upon the actuaries evaluating the performance characteristics. So—
Walter Berman: I think it’s more reflective of a partial as it builds up, as to the network. It takes time to get to a steady state.
Walter Berman: As of now, and as you know, it changes. We are in a net positive position.John Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you.
James Cracchiolo: Hi Andrew. First, I would say that in speaking to our investment professionals, they’ve had a bit more of a defensive position. They actually feel quite good about the make-ups of the portfolios and the type of securities they have in them; and so I think quarter to quarter you’re always going to experience a level of volatility. But we think we’ve got good three and five-year records. We think that the consistency of their performance over the last number of periods adds value to that, and so they feel very comfortable with it. So we don’t have a concern here that the overall performance is slipping in any fashion.  In regard to the—what your second question was around—
James Cracchiolo: Yeah, I think what you’ll find is that as we merge all the funds together, we will have a better lineup of performance. And we will be dropping off some of the underperforming records that we have in some of the smaller funds as well. But I would say overall we have a good lineup. I’m quite excited about what that looks like as a consolidated sort of lineup of funds, and I think once that starts to get communicated and consistently applied out through the distribution force, that should be good as a positive. Regarding the flows, I would just say it’s a combination of factors, as Walter and I have mentioned. Clearly you do have an industry-wide pullout of equity funds. I mean, redemptions are a bit up across the industry and new sales aren’t coming in there. I think a lot of flows in some of the fund families have really come into the fixed income. Over 60% of our funds are more in the equity base. That’s sort of the positioning that we’ve had out in the marketplace. The second thing, as you would imagine, is we’ve just announced the lineup of the new funds so people don’t want to put into funds that they may think closed. We also just got the new wholesaling force coordinated and they’re picking up the new products and the new territories, so that takes a bit of time. And we still are experiencing some outflows in some of the sub-advisor funds that have underperformed in the past, so I think the reason you see a bit of an increase is because we picked up three months of Columbia for the third quarter. We only had two in in the second quarter that was some of the outflows that we’re continuing to see. So I think that’s along the lines. You know, we would love for it to—hope to get it turned around, and that’s what we’re really focused on. But we did expect some of this based on a combination of the factors I just mentioned. 
James Cracchiolo: We probably don’t have the exact, but the way I would probably think about it is your markets were up roughly 9% on equity, and so not all the assets are equity based; I mean, heavily they’re not. And so I think you get a piece of it from the equity markets, a piece of it from increased client activity, and then a piece from client inflows that we’ve experienced over the last year that has also moved into products like the wrap. So it was roughly 2 billion just for the quarter, but if you add up the total quarters over the year, you’ll find that it was a nice increase. So it’s a combination of those factors. 
James Cracchiolo: I think, as you said, the retention rate is probably for our employees the highest that we have had it at, and we continue to see a slowing quarter to quarter. It’s not necessarily completely over because there are still people that we had added a year ago and two years ago that continue—just as you know, as they mature you always have an attrition rate because they can’t necessarily keep on taking the step up, and we still have advisors in the system such as that. But I think as it goes on, we’ll have it more normalized. As you see, the retention rate’s starting to pick up and we’re hoping to get that into the 80s. And so for the employee system and for the franchisee system, it’s quite strong.  From a replacement perspective, as you know, when you have 11,000, 12,000 advisors, just to replace normal attrition – people leaving, succession planning, people retiring, et cetera – you have to make up for all of that. And what we’ve been doing is instead of looking at it as just a count of advisors, we’re trying to add to teams. We’re trying to give them greater support that they can build out their practices, not necessarily with new reps but with support staff and assistant advisors who are also recruiting in, we think, more experienced people that have books of business already. So we’re focused more on the productivity aspects. Over time, I would say over the next number of quarters, yes, I would like to get that to be more of a flat first and then hopefully get it to rise to—slightly in the periods; but the focus will be on increased productivity and growth of practices in combination to the number of people that we have.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. I might request, if it’s possible, to maybe break that out in your supplement going forward. I think it would be helpful to understand the health of the business. The second question is--
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Okay. And then the last question I have is just on the impact of low interest rates on the advice and wealth business. Walter, in your prepared comments you talked about that drag being significant. Can you help us quantify what that drag is right now? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: No, I got that; but just the absolute level of drag. I’m not talking about quarter-over-quarter. Just what are the cash balances, what do you normally earn on them, and what are you earning right now? Maybe that’s the way to do it.
