James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, that's correct. What we have seen is, again, strong take-up, again in our fee-based wrap businesses. We've seen an increase in our sales on the guaranteed, on the annuities side. Things like various transactional business and brokerage, such as REITs, are very low. It represents about – less than 1%, around 1% of our sales activity. So, it is really, again, sort of the core products and services that we have offered. We have seen a good flow improvement and good activity across our network.
James M. Cracchiolo: Not at all. In fact, our advisors feel very good about what they do for the consumer, whether in qualified or non-qualified. We've had a pretty consistent mix. We get unbelievable satisfaction levels from our clients and they are really very comfortable and happy with – achieving their retirement goals, if it's in their – against their retirement needs. So, in fact, we think we're well-situated based on the business that we do. And again, the products that we sell in are needs-based. So, at the end of the day, I think we're doing what we need to do appropriately, consistent with both the regulatory, but more importantly, from a client need and disclosure perspective.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, and we did the relocation of the Threadneedle premises in London. So, we had some additional expense there, so.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think we had a little uptick in some of the fees from the performance fees in the quarter, which, you know, are not – doesn't happen on an equal basis every quarter, but there, I think there is a little more on the performance fee basis there.
James M. Cracchiolo: I do believe, as you said, some of the legacy lower fee coming out, and over time, I think, as we build a bit more on the institutional through third-party or some of the solutions, will be higher. Unfortunately, the Acorn was a little higher fee that we lost on the retail side. So if we can stem that and continue to get some growth in the sales as we saw in the other retail channels like international and even domestic, I think we can offset that and start to add. But I would just say the bit of increase I think you saw was just a little lumpy from some of the performance fees.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, I think one of the things, again – the DOL will – once we exactly know what finally they come out with, we'll understand some of the implications. But we're probably situated very well in the type of business that we do, how we work with clients. We operate under a fiduciary standard across our network today. We have very strong compliance structures and it's one of the benefits of people coming to us. They like how we handle our centralized compliance, our disclosures, et cetera. We have a very strong client value proposition. And so we've seen a very strong, good pipeline of highly productive people both in our employee and franchisee channel. The pipeline remains strong. So, no, we feel pretty good about it. Again, we're not – I think we're in good shape relative to the industry in general. I don't see any differences between us or the industry when you look at it from a DOL. In fact, I think we're very well prepared because we have a very strong advisory relationship around our financial planning activities today and our retirement value proposition. So, again, we don't know exactly where the final regulation will come out, but I think you can see very strong responses out there from the industry, from the associations, even the regulators like FINRA. I just saw a note going out from the SEC Governor. I mean, so there are a lot of responses out there that hopefully the DOL would understand what they need to accomplish. We're very supportive of that objective. We think we can satisfy that objective very well. But, again, it's the way they go about doing it I think is where the rub is.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, not at all. In fact, I think it'd actually be a great complement. What we are doing, we're rolling out to our advisors right now, we've done a lot of work and research, both a combination of our brand, our value proposition, our Confident Retirement approach, Confident Retirement accumulation approach. We've built our – our heritage is based on accumulation for retirement, so I actually believe that we can serve the higher end of the mass affluent, and the affluent quite well and those really accumulating for retirement, the generation X coming up, et cetera. So it's really getting our advisors a little more focused on going back to that opportunity and combination, and it's really against the upper market here. So I actually think it will be a good opportunity for us and complement to what we do, and longer term to build long-term relationships as we have in the past.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, well, Alex, I think as we said, I mean, we moved the needle pretty well and pretty fast over the last number of years, going first at our 12% target, then to 15%, now we're in the 17% and change rate here. So I think if we continue to – just continue to execute, help our advisors just continue to drive their productivity and get our asset flow as we continue to focus our business even more on moving our center to a bit more on the affluent space, uptaking some of the tools and capabilities we're putting in place, we're coming in with a new branding approach at the end of the year. We have a new wealth builder approach for accumulators. So we're recruiting pretty well. The people we're bringing in are higher productivity. We're attracting a good number of people in the higher end. So I think we're doing the things. What that means quarter-to-quarter, I can't tell you, and I can't dictate sort of the market dynamics of just – but I think that in combination, we know at hopefully one point this year, the Fed is going to start to rise. Remember, we don't have contracts that are rolling off as some others where they're locked in. We're actually at a low point, so any benefit there goes right to the bottom line for us as well. So I think we're situated well, and I think we're going to continue to work against that. We don't necessarily just focus on a margin improvement; we focus on a strength and growth in the entire channel that leads to that margin.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, I don't know the exact number at U.S. Trust, but we're probably $1.2 billion or something like that. I'm not exactly positive. But it's more of some separate accounts, their lower fee. For us, it's not, though, they are a higher-margin business at all. But, again, it's something that makes sense for U.S. Trust as what they're doing. It's not a major to us, but I just figured, I noted it, because we sometimes look at the flow number rather than necessarily the revenue. From a perspective on institutional, it's quite strong. The pipeline's quite strong. The fee rate is quite good. We're getting mandates both domestically as well as internationally. Europe is picking up. We think there is good opportunity for us, as we continue to look out. And again, we don't know exactly when those things go, and when they eventually even if you win them fund only because people are looking at the market situation, the geopolitical interest rates. But having said that, I think we got a wide range of good pipeline there that we're competing with, and hopefully that will continue to show some strength.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, I think as – we, as a business look at it, as many have, you don't have clarity yet of what the regulation is. There's an exemption that people say, yes, you can definitely sell an annuity, et cetera. And then some would say, well, maybe you can't. So, at the end of the day, it really depends on how you interpret that. It's not as clear. What I could say to you is this – and this is one, maybe, that would be helpful in you analyzing it. We are a business that serves our clients for all of their life needs, including retirement. So, roughly 50% of our assets in qualified, similar to others in this industry. In that regard, we have a majority of what we do in investment business in the qualified through advisory fees. We're one of the biggest and best-growing in the industry against that and we have strong platform capability to continue to drive that, if that's where the world goes appropriately. But we do look at the needs of our client. We do put them in the product that's appropriate to them, and that's what we're asking the DOL to make sure that they look at the best interest of the client. And best interest may not necessarily be what they think at the upset. And you can see that from many firms in their comment letters, including, whether it's FINRA, the SEC, you can look at it from the associations, you can even look at it from even major brokerage and even investment firms, including those in ETFs that have made the similar statements. So, I think, at the end of the day, that's what we're saying. But, from a mix perspective, same thing with annuities, most of our business is in guarantees, which the Treasury Department said is important. If you looked what that would have done to the consumer not having those products in the last downturn, it was significant. But we're no different than the entire insurance industry, annuity providers selling annuities and the percentage we have in qualified is similar. So, we're not an outlier in any of those things. Now, how is this interpreted across the industry? I think all of us can come to a little different equation on that. But, I don't think anyone knows for sure. So that's what we're saying. And if we just quantify things based on how we interpret versus how others interpret, I've looked at what others said, whether that's correct or not, I don't know. So I think that's what we're saying is until we know more, until you know more, until we know after this comment period and after what the FCC comes out with, but once that happens, we'll be very clear of what that means and how we can respond to it. I would just say that we have very strong capability here. We serve our clients well. We have an unbelievable level of disclosure and compliance today. We know how to serve people with the best interest and across our entire network of advisors. And so we'll be able to respond. Hopefully, it will be against what the DOL truly wants as their objective that would make it efficient and appropriate for us to do that, so we can serve even the smaller consumer.
James M. Cracchiolo: I think it would be – let me give an example. I mean, if, let's say, one product becomes more difficult to sell, you're going to over time switch that to other products or services that make appropriate sense for the client and do that orchestration, so from a revenue longer term, I'm not sure that's – there may be some period, because you're trying to figure out what that is, and how to actually do that and put that in place. But even there, it depends on the lead time that is provided in this. And again, that's another issue. I don't think based on what they want done, that lead time is at all reasonable for many providers. And we're probably one of the best that have the technology capability and clients' capability, et cetera, to do it as quick as anyone. So I would just say that's one aspect you got to take in account. The second aspect I think you take into account is, the change in what's required in there. And again, based on what was originally spent, you're talking about extensive changes that would be required from a client, a disclosure, a change in what they're looking at, a level of information, down to account holder. I mean, so all of that provided, it's a little mind-boggling. I mean, you're seeing some of the quotes across some consultants said to that (50:26). So again it's hard to jump at any of that and say that's ultimately what will come out. I think the biggest issue more than anything that would be confusing to a player like us is this: how does that align with the regulations already in place? Will the SEC change what they're require and how to think about it? I mean, there's a lot of case law behind this. There's a lot of regulations built over very informed information over decades that people follow in this industry, not just for Ameriprise, but every broker-dealer, every investment firm, every product company selling their products. And so all of those things or it's the level of complexity that we say, what's the unintended consequence? So, again, that's why I'm not sitting here overreacting to it. I think it has to get sorted out, it has to be rational, it has to be ability to serve the client. Remember, there's 100 million-plus U.S. retail consumers saving for retirement. And so, again, as I said, I think Ameriprise is well situated. I think we have a great value proposition. Yes, any change, you always have to look at how you respond to it, but hopefully this will get very rational, because we're probably one of the first firms to say we want to serve clients in the best interest. And we do that today. So I can't answer your question yet. I wish I could. And I know it's what you're all saying as one of the implications for us, but I would just say if you look at the financial services industry, you look at a retail investment firm like us, and you look at product companies, we are situated as well as anyone.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, Suneet, as we look at – so let me start with this. I do believe that what we are able to do with the business, because the business is quite strong. We've had the business, evaluated its model. It has one of the best distribution-type platforms. It's one of the lowest-cost providers in the industry, et cetera. It has one of the highest customer satisfaction. In fact, it was rated second from the big rating company that usually you hear about, but you can't just necessarily talk about. So I would just say there are tremendous attributes we already have. So it's not a problem for us to grow what other people have. It's more of we had to put in place a bit enhancements on some of the areas that have changed a little bit in the industry. We're tightening a little underwriting, adjusting pricing, a little more sophistication around that. Getting a little more, what we would call, expedited on some of our claims, adding some resources there, rather than relying on third-party. So there are a number of things that we're doing that are well-known that the industry and we can do. And we have the right resources that we've put in place to get that done. So we actually feel very good about our ability and that this will add to nice earnings next year and the year after, even more substantially. So I think that would be a positive as you think about it, and also a carrier for the business. Now having said that, we do recognize what's happening in the industry. We do recognize the level of consolidation. So we'll always think about how to evaluate that, but again, I don't feel like this is something that wouldn't add tremendous value to Ameriprise one way or the other over time.
James M. Cracchiolo: Your question is good. It's appropriate. We always do think about and evaluate it. So, again, we'll see as the world in the future.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, well, listen, I think one of the things that we're finding out there is advisors, even that have moved to a level of independence, et cetera, are recognizing that today's environment is a bit more difficult to do business in, and that they're looking for a firm that would give them the support for a range of things, including having good strong compliance in place. So I mean, we're attracting independents back into our franchisee channel for those reasons. So it's not far to say if expenses and people don't have the right scale or appropriateness to respond to changes that that will cause some further level of consolidation. I would say, again, we've made a lot of investments in our company in technology, in marketing, in compliance, in training, in development support. So, again, I think we're well-situated, if that continues to come about.
James M. Cracchiolo: And, again, we – if you look over the last number of years, we've been returning more than 100% of our earnings, and that's because we have been able, as Walter said, through the mix shift, through freeing up capital in certain lines and better risk management again (01:01:17) and changing some of our investment portfolio, et cetera. So, I think we've been generating more, even though we've been returning it, which is a good thing.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, we always said that we would maintain a level of flexibility. Again, it depends, if there's a strong opportunistic reason that we should buy back a lot more because of the stock – we think the value is way low or something, that's one thing. But on the other side, we always said that we wanted to maintain some flexibility. But that doesn't have to be $2.5 billion for some additional acquisitions or things that come along that may fit in nicely that we can easily duct in and get some good shareholder return. I think the nature of it was that, over the last number of years, we've just been able to free up a lot of capital, even though we've been returning it, and that's why it's been roughly about $2.5 billion.
Walter S. Berman: No, I think the only unusual is, as Jim mentioned, I think, we launched our brand. And, certainly, we had the expense in there, but we believe the expenses will just be on its normal run rate.
Walter S. Berman: It's Walter. Again, as we've always indicated that we have the capacity and we will evaluate both the environment and our valuation, and we felt in this quarter that it was warranted to take that up. We did take it up $75 million. We will continue to evaluate that. We certainly have the capacity to do that. And I think at this stage, we're going to be opportunistic as we look into for the remainder of the year.
Walter S. Berman: Alex, it's Walter. I'll just add, if I could. As we talked about it, the employee channel certainly has been one that has demonstrated an improvement in its margin, and again, as we bring on years, and certainly a higher productive years, and they start building up productivity, they're making a greater contribution to the fixed, and that will also continue to go. So I think there's a lot of things in play that will continue. Again, you can't just predict quarter-to-quarter, as Jim said.
Walter S. Berman: I think we're looking at – specifically, we want to go to long term care. We're looking at all of the products annuity and other products. And as we evaluate it there are a lot of positive elements within it as we look at different factors. Certainly, one of them as you're aware is the interest rate, which will be part of the evaluation. We've made no judgments at this stage, certainly where we thought the interest rates would be at this time last year is certainly lower, and we will evaluate all those factors. But nothing pops out from the standpoint that we are concerned about other than just looking at where the interest rates are at this stage, all the other behavioral aspects, certainly our price increases, other things, we're very confident that's what the actuaries are doing right now.
Walter S. Berman: Suneet, it's Walter. The only thing I just want to clarify is, again, all the initiatives we're talking about are pretty much on track. Certainly, the heavier CAT that we experience that will certainly change the profitability. But the other initiatives and where we think this – and how long it's going to take is pretty much on track.
Walter S. Berman: So, Suneet, I appreciate your perspective. And, certainly, as we look at – this is not the return, not the way we want. But we do believe the basic underlying is quite strong and we're fixing it. And then, as Jim said, it's not core. We'll evaluate it. But it's something that we put the resources in, dedicate it and are turning it around and then have to evaluate it (57:10). This is not the way – the sort of returns and characteristics that we would want from one of our businesses.
Walter S. Berman: That's right. This business has actually, many years ago, it actually had returns. We certainly have seen it and it has substantial potential. Your perspective is certainly is valued.
Walter S. Berman: Actually, we have the capability – or we've been looking at many different ways of evaluating the environment, and certainly we have a group of people that look at and assess. And it was a combination, I think. And we assessed both their – in fact, they had an employee base and franchise base. And conversations evolved. And it was really we do look, and we basically reached out to them.
Walter S. Berman: Yeah, okay. It's Walter. The level of capital has been at $2.5 billion, again, as we do – and certainly we generate a substantial amount of capital and then we've been, certainly, using it to return to shareholders. We certainly don't lock and load at $2.5 billion. And it is opportunistic. And, as I indicated, we will certainly start returning more to and we'd evaluate. We have the ability and we're constantly assessing both the environment and the opportunities out there as we evaluate to basically inorganically or organically and return to shareholders. So, I would say that we will start now, as we talked about. It's not our objective to keep $2.5 billion that we will – you should see us deploying that capital. But we do generate a lot and we anticipate still continue to generate a lot as the mix shift and other things take place in the way we manage the required capital.
Walter S. Berman: I would – It's strictly 2015. And, certainly, as we go through the year, we evaluate all of the moving parts, as it relates to the business mix, other factors that go in, our tax planning, and the tax rate is – again, quarters, they always deviate a little, but the 26%, we're reasonably comfortable is the achievable number for 2016. And then we will evaluate going forward. That's about as far as I would look at this stage.
Walter S. Berman: Well, the marginal tax rate, yeah. And, again, with the – it is the 35%, but certainly we do a lot of tax planning with the mix of business we have. So, right now the 26% is there, and then we just evaluate on the marginal as it changes, and then whatever tax planning we do.
