Walter S. Berman: Well, Alex, if you look at the overall fees versus our assets, we've been actually improving over the sequence. So, we are, as we explained, the basically, we're accreting on for the year-to-date on the assets that are coming in versus the assets that are leaving. So on that basis, we are mostly making up from a revenue standpoint. As you can see, our percentages have increased over the quarters. We don't get into the specifics as it relates to each one of the elements, but certainly, the elements are dealing with that in the way that we thought it would occur.
Walter S. Berman: Well, okay. We really don't go -- as we said, the employees side of it is certainly moving into profitability as Jim has said and -- so that is making -- and that has the higher fix expense that we are getting into a positive margin there and we anticipate over time that we will certainly get to the levels of performance that we see in the franchise channel. Overall, you saw that we had a 14.2% and that takes into consideration, certainly, the bank last year was not there and that's a big impact and then the lower interest rates. So we do see the improvement in both of the -- in the 2 areas and you're going to see, I think, a greater improvement, obviously, coming from the employee channel.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, that's fair, and again, it's building now because that has the high fixed and now we're making -- building in the volume and the activity level. So it's an, obviously, the lower pay outs that we will actually start to accrete our margin in that area as we build according to our plan.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, I think on the expense side, and certainly, if you look at the trend line and the expenses that you saw in the third quarter is probably, a reasonably good run rate on that. And as far as expansion, certainly, we anticipate that we're at a pretty good level right now and, hopefully, as we get the AUM, getting the flow improvement, we would see that and the markets are certainly helping. But the expenses are pretty much in line where we anticipate.
Walter S. Berman: Well, we feel that the longer-term track records are good. We had a little slippage in the 1 year numbers but we feel that those are larger quality portfolios that are more driven by dividend type of stocks, et cetera. So they've underperformed a little bit in the quarters. But I think our track records are strong, and I think they are playing well out there, and again, this is a focus area for us to improve our flows over time and we're gaining some traction in our institutional business in that way and retail is starting to pick up. So we do believe that it will hopefully pay some dividends as we move forward.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. Okay. We certainly, as we look at it, it's a bit of a high-class problem because we are generating a lot of free cash flow and capital and also been improving our requirements on it. So it's our intention again, as we indicated not to certainly, hold onto $2 billion plus, and certainly, we're evaluating those options as it relates to both from a dividend standpoint and from shareholder repurchase. So it is -- we are on track, like I said, if you look at the numbers, repurchase, so far, over $1.1 billion and the dividends, certainly, $307 million. So we are on track to achieve what we said for the year and certainly as we evaluate 2014, we had the capacity and capability to certainly, assess. We certainly still feel that with this room to refer valuation that we -- it still make sense to us and we would expect that it's not our objective to hold onto $2 billion.
Walter S. Berman: No. In the Asset Management, actually, it is -- if you looking sequentially, the expenses in the quarter were actually -- we had certainly, we're upped our comp but the net effect was pretty much a normal quarter for us. If you do on a sequential, we had basically the CDO element in that quarter, the prior year and the hedge funds in the prior year to date. So expenses are tracking. As we indicated, we are managing them quite well and certainly, we feel that we can continue on this track. So there was really no aberrations in the quarter at all.
Walter S. Berman: No. I think, again, on the alternative, is certainly, it's -- we don't just see a big impact into the fourth quarter.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well. First of all, to a point reference of we've made some very good progress. Third quarter is usually -- seasonally a little slower period but we didn't see as a full out there, so actually on a relative basis, we'd say that we're continuing good momentum from the second quarter. And so we feel like that should continue. I think we have a lot of the pieces in place. Our advisors are focused. Client activity has come back. I -- We still have a good new inflow of assets. More assets have gone into our assets under management program. Our cash levels are still quite high. I mean, I think relatively good and strong, so it could be deployed even further over time. And we are much more focused on our Confident Retirement approach, which we think is actually helping as well to get even more clients engaged in our financial planning process and advice proposition. We are deploying a lot of the tools we invested in that are out there. The uptake is beginning to be very good and we know that the use of these tools and capabilities better engage clients and also frees up more time for the advisor and their teams, so that they can actually even become more productive. So we are very much focused on continuing this. I think one of the things we've always tried to do is continue the productivity, not just add new advisors but to continue productivity on our current base which we've been doing. So I look forward to that continuing and we are targeting that.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So what we'd have -- what we look at it is that -- so when you compare us to the wire houses, their focus is really on a bit more of the higher affluent type client on average and so their productivity per person is driven a little more by that activity. Ours is a little more on the massive flow into affluent and so we get a deep more consistent revenue stream from the multiple ways that we deploy and deepen the relationship through our financial advice. Now, on a -- against the independents, remember our franchisee model is more of an independent model. We are the #1 house on the street. Our productivity is way above the large houses there, if you compare us to some of the independents. So if you look at the franchisee channel, which is our largest channel, we are highly productive against the industry. If you look at us against the wire house channel, based on the nature of the type of business and where their focus is, yes, we have room to grow. Now our growth and productivity has been pretty significant over the years and we see there's a lot opportunity to further grow that. So I actually think that we will be able to penetrate those higher ranks. We are -- our advisors are focused on bringing in more clients at the higher asset levels today and position themselves to have all the capability, they have all the knowledge. We have actually some of the best tools out there and our advice proposition is strong. So that's exactly, to your point, where we are focused.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I think there are 3 aspects where we see positive momentum beginning and one strong. So of course, it was Walter mentioned and I did, Europe continues to be strong in both retail in the U.K. and Europe. It was a little slow on a net basis because we have 1 large mandated fixed income that left in the third quarter but that was sort of a larger blip that occurred. Other than that, the flows were quite strong and it would have been in a larger net inflows during the quarter adjusted for that one fixed income mandate on the platform. In the U.S., our institutional business has picked up nicely. So we recorded and booked a bit more wins but there is a large win -- wins that have not funded yet and the pipeline is actually the largest that's ever been for us and continues to grow and so we, hopefully, will see that come in over the next few quarters. And that offset some of the x-parent stuff that we experienced in that channel and that's beginning to slow to, as that base of assets has diminished a bit. And then the last piece is on the intermediary and the third-party. It's hard to see some of those inflows because we, just like the industry, got hit with in the third quarter a bit more of the outflows in fixed income, so if you adjust for some of the x-parent activity in that thing or the Marsico RIA type thing, we did see a pickup in retail equity flows but it was offset by the fixed income that got a little higher redemptions across the channel. But we see that being a bit more positive as we move into the fourth quarter as well and we think that the fixed income outflows will slow a bit as we've been saying more recently, and I think, some of the buckets that we've mentioned, the sub-advisor and the RIA will also slow on the outflow basis. So that's sort of an initial feel, but again, we got a lot of the quarter to go.
James M. Cracchiolo: And I think, Walter, it's probably incumbent as much on is, again this year, as we've tightened and introduced various adjustments to our products and tightened our hedging and moved in some of the dynamics of some of our capital-intensive businesses, we've been able to free up a bit more capital and so that's the reason why we still have maintained a stronger capital days after returning the extra and part of that extra as you know, we did from the exit of the bank which will gives us a high returning overall company in the future. So I think over time, you'll start to see that adjust as we return -- continue to return well. But we also are generating more free cash flow because the type of the shift in the mix of the businesses.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, that asset base has come down a lot as we've mentioned over the last number of quarters. So that should not be a major impact at all.
