Walter Berman: It can be sustained. Again, we will evaluate it each quarter looking it opportunistically and certainly we have the capacity on that basis to continue to buyback at the levels that you saw. Again, we will evaluate it each quarter.
Walter Berman: IPI is a small part of it. It’s probably on the expense side because it’s new and it’s about $4 million. And going forward, I think as we talked about it’s in the 3% and 5% range. You do know we’re investing for growth, but certainly we feel that is a reasonable range that you should anticipate.
Walter Berman: No, again, if you look at the business drivers that they are certainly with the markets and with our growth, I can’t say there’s going to be at the same levels, but certainly with also the changing interest profile certainly it will be higher than we’ve experienced and the ones you’ve talked about and we’re quite comfortable with that. We always have been the situation from that standpoint with the insurance which grows and annuities which grow at a slow pace, but the Asset Management and Advice & Wealth Management businesses are in good trajectories. So I can’t give you, it’s going to be at that 9% level, but certainly it’s going to be higher than we are seeing.
Walter Berman: Well, actually since last year I think we discussed that we had discretionary reserves as we looked at both the tax situation and others. And those reserves clearly were discretionary and they have been reversed, and obviously we also declared a dividend. So we feel comfortable at the current NAIC levels that the RBC ratios are in the level that we think are appropriate.
Walter Berman: Okay. Yes, we certainly continue with our interest. And as we evaluate that and we feel that is will be beneficial situation to expanding the scope of our product capabilities and will have a reasonable amount of margin as it does with certainly some of our peers. And as it relates to the capital we feel based on initial evaluation, it should have a minimal impact on the consolidated excess capital position other than the capital that goes into the institution.
Walter Berman: I think there is no structural limitations for us to do that, obviously interest rates play an important part of it, but also, yes. So the answer, if an opportunity came up, we would certainly explore it and maintain the economic sense. We understand the book, and like I said, this book is something that we feel like a lot of our products is been managed in a very effective way so that’s why we feel as confident. So yes if the opportunity came up for the right situation, and interest rates certainly would help going up, we would certainly listen.
Walter Berman: I think we’ve seen more interest lately, and certainly in that blog – so, yes, I can say we’ve seen more interest.
Walter Berman: It’s an interesting question. Certainly if you look at – if you get into the 5% to 6% range or 4.5% to 5.5% you certainly get to a point where you can make an intelligent valuation around.
Walter Berman: Yes, as it relate to the returns, certainly the book we have to build, but again it’s internally and with the product we’re building, but certainly we get into – expect to get into the teens.
Walter Berman: Again, it’s depending on the competitive situation as we go, you’re right. Certainly the level before the increases that have taken place have been at a higher level because it’s competitive and certainly it’s been evaluated. And actually a lot of that – even though one in December has not worked its way totally through the quarter. So the issue is we see it, at some point it will stop being shared, but again it’s a highly competitive situation than we’ve seen in the last two, that majority of it has been retained. So it’s tough to really estimate, but it’s certainly at some point when you get to much higher levels, I assume it will stop being distributed in a more – basically more to higher percentage clients than it is today.
Walter Berman: And we stand just quite thoroughly. We are certainly marched up with our competitors and certainly look at it and we feel it’s a fair rate that we’re offering.
Walter Berman: Okay. The issue is – let me discuss straight to it. Our protections have geared to what they estimate reserves that are necessary for it, and we certainly work with them and understand it because we have been bonded with it, and they certainly we feel – we follow a protocol, they follow a protocol that those reserves are adequate. I’m not going to speculate, if it’s not but the – it is something we’re constantly monitoring and basically reviewing and certainly reviewing the strength of glick and the firms that supported. So I feel comfortable at this stage, it’s certainly we are well protected.
Walter Berman: The fee rate is higher for the - certainly for the activity coming in versus going out I’m trying to remember, it’s around 4 basis point or 5 basis points I think I will get back to you on that, that’s what I think it is it’s certainly been higher.
Walter Berman: Again, you can’t speak to what was going to happen in market conditions et cetera, but we did see a bit more of that sort of rebalancing and reallocation than we’ve seen in other quarters and I think you can see that with interest rates backing up with the markets particularly in February with how the volatility spike. So I would probably say we don’t expect it to be at that level going forward. We see that sort of have calmed down tremendously as we got through March and in to April.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So first of all we’re going through the really – the details of it, there’s over a 1,000 pages. On the surface it looks very good. In a sense that it is a bit more principle based, it’s more appropriate against what would be supportable regulation that’s out there, in case that’s out there that is appropriate for us to in the industry to conduct business, but still serving people in their best interest which we fully support. So we’re very encouraged by it. There’s always you got to read the details of it and figure out how that looks in reality. But we think it is appropriate for the SEC to take the broader role and have it consistent across all activities, so we’re very favorable to that. And as you also saw there was a major court ruling there, so unless the DOL appeals it then that rule will be out.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say we feel very good about the productivity of the system and advisors. I think the focus is the back to work and they’re not worried about the next regulatory overhang that really had converted. Remember, last year we had to converted a huge amount of their business, eliminate 12b-1s, we had to put them on the best interest standard consistent with the DOL. So there was a lot of work and lot of activity and training and now the advisors are much more focused. Now what we’re doing to work at this point is we’re investing real strongly back into the core of the business, our advice value proposition, our digital capabilities, we’re enhancing our ability for our advisors to really seek out and serve more clients, and clients that have more wealth, and so we feel really good about that. Client inflows are really good, our productivity of the advisor base is strong and growing. So that’s really what we’re continuing to be focused on. Our transaction activity also has picked up in the quarter. So it wasn’t just flows into wrap, we saw a good flow situation coming in from clients. And even with the volatility people have been very disciplined, about how they’re working and engaging their clients.
Jim Cracchiolo: Basically the issue is, it would have to be tremendous movement and we feel with the protections that we have that we keep on talking about that the impact to us would be minimal.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Because we are dealing with again what we feel the protections are in them and what the net exposure would than be. And it’s a complex process, but as we indicated we feel very comfortable for those protections and the net amount of that exposure we think will be certainly very manageable.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we actually, again, you can’t necessarily with certainty always say exactly when, but we do have a nice number of wins that are waiting to be funded. We do believe that some of the investors held off in the first quarter and some of the disciplines that we had that were approved, and so we feel the institutional business should become much more positive than what we’ve seen in the first quarter, would have bounced back in some of those wins and fundings. We do have a good number of products that have been approved on the consultant side, and more that are in the hopper and we’re having good discussions with our clients including on some of the multi-asset solutions that we have. So we’re hoping that will continue to trend in a more positive direction as we move through the year.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I think listen – I think the activity in the industry has picked up a bit and we very much have the capability and the ability to continue to bolt-on. We are seeing a nice fit with Lionstone that we acquired. And we think there are some additional capabilities that we would like to add on to our asset management capabilities.
Jim Cracchiolo: Right. So I would say there are probably if we go back – it really depends on the cycle and unfortunately in the first quarter we were sort of hit with fundings being held, and at the same time people relocate out of some of the disciplines like high-yield and other things like that because of the market pullback and change in the fixed income area. Equity is the same way with the volatility that picked up. So Europe moved into nice inflows last year and again the first quarter it was a little bit of holding, and so you got the redemptions coming without necessarily the sales. But the sales right now are starting to pick it back up again, and the redemptions are calming again. So we did face a level of volatility in the first quarter and we also in the first quarter always have people that review their portfolios and make some reallocations which we didn’t have. So we think that will bounce back. We didn’t expect it to be that high. Having said that, I do believe we are making good focus and good progress in certain areas, but it’s not something we’re happy about, but we are diligently trying to work to improve that situation.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, again, I think we are well on our way to showing good progress in the business. I think the unfortunate point over the last number of quarters have been the level of cat activity and we’ve actually done some good work to minimize that, we’ve actually adjusted some of our affinity relationships so that we can reduce the extra exposure there. We like that to continue to work through the book because at the end of the day we’ve built this book over a long period of time, it is one of the best we think affinity, direct play is out there, and we really would like it get it back in a good situation for our partners. And once that can sustain and start to excite the growth there and then we’ll continue it, we will evaluate it, I’m very clear on that. Having said that, I think we just want to continue to make some good progress there that shows true through the earnings.
Jim Cracchiolo: Suneet, one of the things I would say is as there’s a lot of activity out there for books that may not have been of the quality of ours, so I think what has to occur a little more is people understanding really to differentiation and I think you’ll find whether it’s in our protection or in our annuities books. These are asset accumulation, good, strong clientele built over the decades, very good returns, very low risk, very good hedging, very good in the way we reserve et cetera. So I actually believe this is a very quality – high quality portfolio and as people start to evaluate that, there will be differentiation.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we continue to create a margin and build it in the employee channel. It’s up in the mid-to-upper teens, I think roughly around this point, and it’s tracking very good, it’s also off a larger base, meaning that the size has grown. So we feel very good about that and the continued progress that it makes, and we’ll continue to build utilization in that system with the recruits that we’ve brought on board. So it’s tracking very well.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, as you recollect, we had a bank charter before. We still have a trust – a bank trust charter. And so it’s really building out our capabilities, getting the approval and our licenses in place et cetera, so there’s level of working activity that you have to do appropriately in that regard. But it would really be around Wealth Management product. We’re not looking to do commercial lending like some other institutions have et cetera, et cetera. We really want this to be more around supporting our clients’ activities and their individual asset loans, et cetera, et cetera. So we have the capability in the past to have done that. We have the knowledge and so we need to put that back in place and go through the appropriate approval and set up the various systems and capabilities for it.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I can comment on ours, we do our own calculations on our reserves and certainly feel comfortable, but we’re also aware what they are doing and currently, in discussions we are not concerned.
Jim Cracchiolo: It is based on evaluation and that is what we felt is appropriate and based on what we feel that we would be able to garner.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, okay, on the research fees, the unmet related to met are as we engaged is around $2.5 million that we had in the quarter so you can go out there we’re constantly looking in valuating, but that is something that we experienced that basically we had in the first quarter. We are doing some development, but again that’s in our development plan as it related to meeting certain other requirements as we go forward. But that should be, I would say $1 million or $2 million in that range as it relates to MiFID.
Jim Cracchiolo: So we have seen in the last two quarters a pickup in annuity sales and again I would probably say it’s a combination of factors I can’t point to one, it could be you know where people are more comfortable now that they understand what is appropriate from a regulatory, best interest, et cetera, as we said we haven’t really changed we’ve always had a very comprehensive compliance practices, nothing in that regard has changed, I think it’s more of a comfort of where the annuity fits back in, in that regard. I think there was a bit more of a focus or a little bit of a hesitation there. Having said that I also believe that the advisors are back to looking at where the annuity fits as part of a holistic solution. And in that I think is how we think about that, we have always had annuity sales in the $4 billion to $5 billion range unlike a number of competitors that really turn on the faucet and then turn it off when something happens there, we have been very consistent, we have a good core product capability and benefits that our advisors understand. We compliment that where other products from other providers on our shelf as well, so we’re not necessarily looking for sales of the annuity to rise tremendously, there is a level of redemption in our book or pay downs because of the client portfolios and drawdown, but that’s appropriate for us . We look at this more holistically and as you can see, clients - we have good client flows, we have good flows going into a combination of products, which include the wrap, includes annuity, protection, et cetera, and that’s really what we look at. We don’t necessarily look that the annuity business has to grow by leaps and bounds, I think part of the sales coming off also has to do with the fixed side, where the interest rates aren’t there at this point for us to get the spread that we’re looking for, but that could change longer term as well. So we are feeling very comfortable about that book and the sales that we do get and it does sort of go up and down within a good range, so it’s a good client persistent portfolio, and that’s really what we look for.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I think it was that way in the fourth quarter but again, it varies based upon what the fundings are in the redemptions, so it’s not like a perfect science.
Jim Cracchiolo: You know that’s hard to – the client was very clear that it had nothing to do with the performance of the product et cetera, so I think those are the decisions that they have to make and we’re informed like others. So I don’t think we’re an isolated case on that hyper liquidity from the type of clients, so I think that’s more of what others have experienced as well.
