Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. As you saw, we did pick up a buyback in the third quarter and that was 120% of earnings. We actually picked up over 4 million shares because of the price volatility. We are continuing to think favorably, our stock values, we think, undervalued against any of those metrics we look at or a competitive frame. So we think there's good value there. And as you said, we do have the capital. So I think one of the things that we will definitely be focused on is returning at a good rate to shareholders over time. If we go to acquisitions, we feel like we got a pretty good hand now, and we think that in time there may be some opportunities that come along, but we're not in any rush to use the capital that way unless there is something that really fits nicely and that we can get a really good return appropriate to our strategy. So, that's the way we're playing it right now, and we think we're in a good position because we have a very solid balance sheet, we're hedged really well, we've got really good liquidity, a good cash flow and it's a good thing to have right now.
Jim Cracchiolo: And Andrew, as we've mentioned, we do have -- and the reason the profitability isn't there yet, but it will be growing nicely, is because of the ramp-up expenses that we bring on the resources, the platforms and do the launches of the various initiatives and products, et cetera. So that's well under way and very much appropriate to the plan we've put in place.
Jim Cracchiolo: At this point -- so first of all, what people have done is moved to zero fees in online trading, but if you recollect, it's gone from 20 to 16 to 11 to whatever it is, to 9 to 4 to 0, we really have not seen any impacts over the years ago. We're not really in the online trading, that's very minor activity for us, for our clients. From our perspective, some others have said they're reducing some trading transaction fees and advisory accounts. We don't have any transaction fees to our advisors or trading fees in our advisory accounts and even the more recent one I think UBS came out with something. We are unclear of what exactly it means so if we do have discretionary accounts, Columbia funds we don't charge a management fee for today, but SMEs are a small part of our activity as well. So we feel very good. As you heard in my opening remarks, we are very much focused on the value we provide against the holistic services we deliver rather than trading for stock or a transaction. That's not why clients come to us. It's not what we ask our advisors to do. So we feel very comfortable with that and the more that we can get our advisors to serve the clients more fully around the advice value, we feel like we can sustain a very good level of fee revenue and even though if fees adjust over time, we feel like the services we provide can really counteract that in a sense of what more we can do for clients. So, I feel good about what we're doing and where we're investing so that we can sustain the type of business model that we have, but we're not in the trading for no transaction fees or doing that to get people to just give us deposits to compete with the banking community. So we're focused on really what we do well, and I think that's why you can see the investments that we continue to make.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So first of all you've said that back very well and understanding what we did say and we have been gaining good traction particularly in the larger firms that we're serving, we are getting more product on their platform as an example of some of the ones I've mentioned like our dividend income, our strategic income, munis, mortgage opportunities et cetera are actually gaining share and prominence, which is good because we weren't really known for on the fixed income side that much, but we have excellent products and excellent performance. So, these are the areas we want to continue to penetrate and get more of a share that we think we can for the types of products and performance that we have. So we are hard at work there. The other offset benefit is, in the past, some of our good performing funds underperformed a little bit in the period last year and now the performance is back, and that will help us because we experienced a bit more attrition in some of those things that now that attrition or redemptions have come down, which is good. So the combination of those factors we feel good about. Listen, it's a very competitive frame out there and depending on what happens in markets and volatility, but for the underlying we're making good progress, but we're going to keep at it. This is not a one event or a one inning so we just got to keep it up for nine innings here.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think it was exactly what you said, a bit of those seasonality but also a bit of volatility that we all looked at in the markets, where to stay tuned of what sort of is going to happen, and you can see markets pulling back and then recovering. I think right now it feels a little more stable and balanced. So, I feel that it's back on track. But there was a bit more of that volatility we experienced in the third quarter.
Jim Cracchiolo: No, Tom, I think if I -- and it's hard to know what's going to happen in the market or the political climate. I think what I would say is we have seen, to your point, more consistent improvement, not just the one-time. I mean, we did get an extra win, but it's from a long-term client that we have got wins over the years. It was just a little more lumpy because of something that happened there where they allocated a bit more funds to us in one quarter, but what I would say is, Europe is slower and the same thing with the UK because of the Brexit and because of some of the economic situation there. But if that was to resolve a bit more, I actually think that the gates would open a little more and flows would come back in. So my team in London et cetera, feel good about where they're positioned. But if you look at many firms there, the flow situation has slowed tremendously because of that situation. So I don't think it will get worse. The question is, could it get better if they actually have some movement there. And the answer, we feel, is yes but yes. But again, who knows, that's been going on. It looks like there is some positive movement, but we'll see if that happens. In the U.S., we've made some steady progress. We feel we can continue to make some steady progress. We feel like we've got some good products on the shelves and then more that we think we can get on, and it's really in the U.S. more about volatility and what happens. And but if the markets continue to be relatively in good shape, we think that the traction can maintain.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we would like to walk you further through the transformation that we've made at the firm, areas that we've invested in and give you a little better flavor for what that looks like, and how we're operating and what it could mean to us moving forward, and just have a further chat with you. It's always hard to do it in these type of phone calls and so we thought it was time for us to spend a little more time with you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, and I would just want to reconfirm. As we're ramping up the Bank, there is a lot of expenses including like in the quarter, as you mentioned, the transfer of the credit card portfolio and the launch of that et cetera. So, the judge on profitability, it will ramp up over time. We just got a lot of cost initially until we get the revenue streams ramped up.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, Alex, I think we actually feel good about the hand we have and so if something comes along that would really make sense or is appropriate. We can entertain it, but right now, as we said, we're really managing against what we have in place, continuing our transformation, rounding out the house a bit more in that regard. And so it's more, you know, if an opportunity came along that made a lot of sense, we would look, but we're not out there hunting.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, now, we own a net base, listen, there is always going to be recruiting against us and we pull in advisors, et cetera. I think the difference today is that in the past, it's always people who just try to recruit from us. So we do very well recruiting out in the industry. Our net pipeline and net production is quite good coming in, but you're always going to have some advisors leave for whatever reason or people want to pay up a little more. So that's the nature of the, exercise, so to speak, but we feel good about our position. There is nothing that we feel is unusual. I think some players are just trying to pay a little more these days that we don't know how rational it is, but that's what they do. But having said that, our retention is quite strong, you can see it. Year-over-year is very consistent. And our net gain is from really higher producers coming in versus the ones leaving. So we're pretty much on track.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what we -- you see, I think the question comes is more of how those firms are thinking about what business they're trying to attract and where they've always played. So to me, when they move from, as I said $9 to $4 is the same as moving from $4 to zero. So they have continued to focus on what type of people they want to attract and some of those firms, one in particular, is probably focused more on deposits. I mean it's a tremendous part of their whole business right now. We're focused on wealth management and advisor planning and and clients around a longer-term wealth management and protection. So in our regard, it hasn't fundamentally changed as far as people are attracted to us, they do come to us. To your point, based on the value proposition, about the more holistic advice rather than a free trade or that they're going to someone who is looking at that activity in that regard or part of a banking activity, more broadly. So to me, it does situate us well and that's the reason we are attracting some good people coming to the firm but also our advisors feel really good about the investments we're making to further support them with this value proposition. So it's an excellent question. But yes, I think it does have some aspect, but fundamentally, the last move they made I think is more to make headlines than anything else.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think the question is, we've done a lot of research around this. And actually what we found is, don't get me wrong, just like if you go back a decade, two decades, as the discounters grew, there were some people who really continue to do self-serve or complemented their activities with some self-serve activities and that continue to grow. What's happening now in the robo et cetera, is the people who are actually gaining most of those assets are still the same type of discounters that are there if you look at where the growth is as they switch from the mutual fund supermarket to whatever. So for us in our research we find that actually the millennials are more attracted to working with a trusted advisor, but they want the digital capability, the information flow, the interaction. But they actually say to us that if they're going to entrust their money, they want someone that they can work with that they trust, that they can converse with in some sense, but they definitely want to be surrounded by the digital capabilities and that's why we're doing the investments we're making to round that out in further support. So for the people we go after, we call it the responsible mindset, we feel very good about continuing to appeal to them and your next question, what we're doing is the generational transfer. So, we are trying to tie back their parents and grandparent to the children and grandchildren, a bit more and that's an area that we're very much focused on.
Walter Berman: Okay. Andrew, it's Walter. In the quarter as we -- we had about $3 million of incremental profitability. But now, if you looked at our basic stat supplement, you would see that it's in the certificate aligned with the bank, so certificate went down but that was about the profitability we had there. Going forward, we do anticipate the Bank's profitability will be increasing as we get into the full year, the rate environment is a bit challenging, but you're correct. By bringing it on to our balance sheet, we can certainly take up our spread on that as we go forward.
Walter Berman: Well, yes. As we indicated previously, we will be moving portions of it and we will evaluate the trade-off of doing that, but there is clearly an opportunity to move that and profitably into the bank and use this spread capability. It's a tough environment, but we will certainly be able to do that.
Walter Berman: Sure, it's Walter. Yes, as you indicated, we are completing the initiatives of growth and certainly as we plan for the year and as you saw G&A declined sequentially. We do expect the expenses will come back to historic levels. But -- and seasonally in the fourth quarter, we do have higher expenses, but we do expect that in the season excluding that factor, it will return to that level.
Walter Berman: Not yet. But historically, I think last year I think it was about $10 million, but this year -- again, it changes, but that's the sort of seasonality, and we do have some year-end expenses of it in comp, but it's seasonally and it will be in that range.
Walter Berman: Yes, John. It will take -- we changed every year. It will take 3.5 years, but for -- in 2019, we are not expecting any increase in interest for those two quarters. So it won't grade until we get into the first quarter of 2020.
Walter Berman: Actually, if you look at our investments and many of our investment, especially in long-term care and others are aware are actually above that, our investment strategy is certainly at that quality. But I -- we don't -- it's mixed across the board. So on that basis, it is really -- it's a 10-year treasury and but our investment strategy and our AER right now is actually in many cases over that.
Walter Berman: Sure. So what we saw is as you expect -- as this experience continues and we get a more credible experience, an appreciable portion of that was related to that progression. And then we did see some changes taking place, but it was really at that level. Nothing that really surprised us as we look at the sales, looked at other elements we had going up, things going down, but really the thing to center on as this ages through, this will naturally -- you would basically increase that. So on the morbidity side, we're feeling quite comfortable with it. And as I indicated with the strategies that we've put in place and the traction we've gotten on, it was more than, as you can see from the chart, more than offset that.
Walter Berman: No and John, as we've told you over since we've started this, we have constantly taken -- once we assess the actual experience, we've certainly adjusted for that, but there was nothing here of any surprise whatsoever.
Walter Berman: That's an interesting question. What we were saying is the expenses are well managed with making the investments, we are indicating that we are certainly feeling comfortable about being at historic levels. And all we're saying is, in the course we're heading out of the third quarter into the fourth, you're going to see the normal increases. So that's what we're trying to manage people's expectation within that element, but we feel quite comfortable with the back and certainly be managed within the historic growth levels.
Walter Berman: The only thing -- let me actually, let me just try and reposition that. I think we said that the year would actually wind up because the second quarter was high, we said we wanted to give people expectations at the back half is that if we wind up lower and that the year would wind up about 6% in that range.
Walter Berman: Obviously, let me start -- the thing that governs that is our competitive overview as we look at those rate cuts coming through, and that's what we've done and we've indicated approximately for these cuts that have just occurred that we bore 80% and 20% was passed to the customer. We still have room. We will evaluate it based upon -- again the competitive element within that, but there is still room to certainly have that done -- shared.
Walter Berman: It's a good point. Listen, we have studied this and we -- our actuaries have been through this and we have looked at, and we've been using the 5% and actually we were grading toward it certainly as we exited in 2018. And certainly, as we indicated, the rates were for the last three years grading toward that. So we did feel that this is an anomalous situation and as whether it being an outlier or not, we feel that rate is appropriate looking at the long-term nature of our liabilities and other aspects. So certainly we will continue to evaluate as we go through, but we felt that was appropriate.
Walter Berman: Again, we're going through review now but my handicapping is no, probably not, but I think at this stage, again, as you all know, it's a complex formula.
Walter Berman: As I indicated on PTI basis it was $3 million. I don't have the exact number now on the net revenue element of that, but again, so, Alex, that started up in May, so I will -- we can get you that number. As the credit card -- the credit card, again it's handicapping the contribution that's going to come from the credit card. It is a $200 million book of business. It is certainly well seasoned and it is going to have good profitability. I just don't have the exact number that we're anticipating at this stage.
Walter Berman: Sure. Obviously, we're in a yield curve. So again our normal plans that we'd have in non-inverted situations are certainly has to be reevaluated. But by investing out in different instruments, I think we can pick up 50, 60 basis points at least and stay in -- if we stayed in floaters.
Walter Berman: A little high, but certainly we have contemplated that into our certainly, analysis, as we indicated, growing the Bank from that standpoint. And so the $200 million plus we have in there now, certainly it was contemplated and then that came off with the -- if you just want to look at the reinsurances on fixed annuities from that standpoint, but our excess capital is quite strong and certainly the element of capital that will need for the Bank and the earnings that will be generated from the Bank, certainly not going to cause any issue at all. But you're a little high in the 10 percentage thing.
Walter Berman: Actually, if you go back to when we did it, the rate was probably in the range between 250%, 270%. So again, then you do your calibration of what impact you want to have on seed. So, yes, that's a reasonable level to think about it, Suneet.
Walter Berman: Again, we -- as you indicated, the areas of strength that we have and the other aspects, there is certainly some headwinds against us, but the margins we believe are certainly sustainable. Obviously, as we look at it, there'll be some impact coming from the interest, but we do see a good trajectory with the growth we're seeing and the productivity and certainly, our ability to manage expenses is a key factor.
John Nadel: Okay and then on the long-term care review, you mentioned that there is the benefit from premium rate increase is more than offsetting pressure from morbidity. I was just wondering if you could talk about what you saw in morbidity relative to your last assumption update a year ago. Obviously, it seems like it worsened. I was just wondering if you could maybe speak to order of magnitude there.
John Nadel: Yes, no, I'm just thinking about some companies who are still sort of stubbornly assuming that morbidity improves over time and I know you guys are not really assuming that. So, that's what I was getting at, and not really...
John Nadel: Okay. I mean the only reason I asked is, I think last quarter you guys indicated the second quarter was what you expect to be a run rate into the back half and obviously you did much better in the third quarter, that's all.
Alex Blostein: Couple of follow-up questions on the Bank, I guess, first -- sorry, if I missed it, but how much did the Bank contribute to net interest revenue this quarter and I guess the credit card portfolio, it was only there for about a month, so maybe, Walter, give us a sense of kind of what's the incremental benefit to revenues into Q4. I'm just kind of run rating the full quarter of the credit card portfolio coming over.
Alex Blostein: Yes. Now, I totally get the profitability point for now and that actually going to speak to my next question. As you guys build out the Bank that could be an important shield to lower rates that you will be absorbing on the sweep accounts. So help us understand, I guess, maybe the difference in the spread between the NIM at the bank that you think you can realistically get today given where rates are versus what you are earning currently in the sweep account.
Alex Blostein: Okay, great. And then, Jim, just one question for you around more strategic angle, the Asset Management trends are clearly getting better, you guys made a lot of investments in the platform. And I think a lot of it's being rolled out next year, which should make you guys more scalable. How important a priority is M&A within that space for you guys, now the multiples have come down quite materially among the public players, maybe less so for the private, but you want to get your -- just check your pulse on the appetite for deals in the Asset Management.
