Walter Berman: Yes, Alex. On the G&A expenses for AWM – I’m sorry – I’m sorry, but you’ll have to repeat the question because I –
Walter Berman: It’s actually both because there was a catch up on the comp in that segment, about 5 to $6 million. And then we did have pass-through coming through as related to which really drove the main expense. And as a run rate, it’s obviously geared towards the growth that we have on performance. So at this stage, I would say that it’s representative.
Walter Berman: Yes. Right now, in the quarter, we hit a run rate that’s like a 112 in 75, if you take a look through the year to date’s gross synergies and we’re on target to achieve the 130 to 150 run rate that we talked about. Now, we said that will be total and some of that will carry into 2012, but certainly, we’re on target.
Walter Berman: Right now, if you just take a look at where we are at the quarter in the fourth, it’s about a 112 run rate. As we talked about when we did the transaction, we’d be, on the net basis, 130 or 150, and I’m saying we’re on track, but that is, as I related, for the full run of the program and that will carry – some of that will carry into 2012. Bulk of it will be realized in 2011, but you’ll get the normalization factor coming into 2012. So, we’re on track, and I just gave you the run rate right now.
Walter Berman: Yeah. Andrew, quarter over quarter, if you look at the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, it is about $20 million of incremental as we’ve looked at the performance and we accrued of , that’s what the impact was in the fourth quarter over the first to third quarters. About 20 –
Walter Berman: All right, so let me take those questions. The plus has gotten bigger, and yes, if you look at the RBC and you do your calculations, from that standpoint you can see that using, obviously you don’t want to use the 350 because there’s (inaudible) see the full logic on it, if you would calculate that there’s approximately a billion dollars in excess sitting at the insurance company level. And throughout the company, we have, as we indicated, excess in certainly at corporate. We are certainly on target as we’ve talked about to do our repurchase within the levels of authorization. And we’re evaluating the circumstances as we look at the environment and certainly the opportunities to best return that to shareholders. As Jim had said, we certainly explore our potential acquisitions as they come along and we’re optimistic about it. And certainly in the category of asset management, that would be one of the categories in distribution.
Walter Berman: But we are now just progressing to have our share buyback program look at other ways to return that effectively to our shareholders.
Walter Berman: Listen, it’s a great question. It is about situation-driven and you evaluate it. As a definitional issue, you would say that, technically you use the excess, but you will assess it as you evaluate situation review at that particular time. And on this particular – the way we look at it today, the excess is getting, as we moved out of the OD, certainly that will put less pressure on having any sort of contingent element within it and so we are – we evaluate it. And at this stage, I would say technically it’s all usable and then, depending on when we go to use it, we will assess the environment and assess the best use of sharehold and how quickly we can replenish. And I think you know that where the earnings are coming from, it’s less capital-intense, so that gives us capability and that all goes into the evaluation of it. And that’s why we talk about the plus because you really do have – it changes the circumstances but certainly, within our definitions, it is that we have excess that is usable.
Walter Berman: Yes. Also, we did increase our reserves for the bodily injury. We noticed a trend on severity that took place and the actuaries they decided to take the reserves up. I can say that in the fourth quarter, the trend lines improved, but again, we felt it was prudent to take the reserves up. The business does return a good return for us and is a good diversifier.
Walter Berman: You know, we are really thinking about that and evaluating it because it is a non-economic impact and certainly as you look at the implications, it swings with the interest rates going up in the change and the liabilities. So we’re going to be discussing this quarter to come out and we are going to look at all options, potentially excluding it or giving some sort of indication as we get later into the quarter. Because it is – there’s no way of estimating it until you get towards the end of the quarter, and – but you’re spot on. It really is problematic and it does drive differentials and the way people ask me, and so we will work at that and certainly pull and talk to people about what the best way of doing that. We do believe there’s, as we said, this is the non-economic aspect. There are obviously transactional cause and other factors that we will reflect, but this is the one that we’re focusing on and now we’re going to work pretty hard to try and see if we can get the noise out of it and be able to get better transparencies so people can have an idea about what the impact is in the quarters. So, we’ll get back to you.
Walter Berman: I think that is the case because of the percentage of living benefits that are actually acquired or sold on the outside channel and that is the main driver of it. It was much higher percentage and that’s what drove it up and obviously, that is the prime reason in behavioral patterns to a degree.
Walter Berman: Well, that’s gross. And the other thing is, as we said, the year-to-date gross synergy was 75. If you do a run rate on that, that’s a 112 as you look at the change between the quarter. So, that’s what we’re just trying to do, give you the run rate. We said that we would do on the gross range between 150 and 190.
Walter Berman: They are actually, as we did in (inaudible), it’s certainly as we go through it. You could expect there will be a factor that would carry over because of, as we basically bring on the transitional changes and the elements of that. So, there’s a back-loaded element to it which will have a carryover in 2012.
Walter Berman: Again, did not forecast, but certainly as you look at the items that came in the quarter as we talked about the legal, the marketing, the bonusing, one could expect that you will get into double digits.
Walter Berman: Yes, you had that as related to the bonusing and certainly we started up the marketing program and then we had the legal that I mentioned. Again, the legal, we would evaluate as we go through, but certainly those were the elements that came through in the quarter. But we did have to catch up on the bonusing.
Walter Berman: We’re still working through it. It’s still going through as related to the basis of emergency and in yield to client. So that’s still working through and right now we see it within its ranges, so it’s on target.
Walter Berman: I just don’t have on that side of it, if you’re telling me, because the difference of the 20 to 40, I don’t have the exact numbers. I think, I don’t want to speculate. I will get back to you on that, but the issue is, I think it is on target, but there is certainly more to come. And that was more on combining of funds and things of that nature, and not on dealing with the outflow, so Jim will give you some feedback.
Walter Berman: We have a 112 run rate leaving the year – 112 was not booked as synergies within the year for actual realization.
Jim Cracchiolo: It does not impact our business because we sort of follow the fiduciary rule across our franchise today and we already have in place all of the compliance, controls, procedures, supervision necessary and appropriate for that. It actually makes it on an even playing field for us with others, and so I think it will impact others more than us. I think it will do it in two ways. One will be the wirehouses will have to move to that standard that will change the way they operate a bit. And then independence, because there’s been a call in now, if people did move to that, to have greater reviews by either the SEC or FINRA as well as the states, and in many cases, we have consistent level of those reviews because we’re a big house, but others sort of are able to dock a little bit below the radar and that may change as there is a call in for more of actual reviews by the regulatory authorities as we move to the standard. So I think, for us, it will be favorable.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. What we have seen is a bit of a pickup in some sales and equities and that’s actually continuing in January. I think as the industry felt a bit in the fourth quarter, one of the new outflows had occurred more in the tax-exempt area, particularly in a number of our portfolios with the US trust business and so that had affected some of our flows. Overall, we see an improvement, but it’s not necessarily where we want it to be yet. We still experience some outflows in some key funds, some (inaudible) one or two of our that were Columbia funds that lower their star ratings last year or the year before. Now, that performance and those funds have improved dramatically over the last year, so hopefully we’ll see a slowdown in some of the outflows there. But we have really good performance, I mean, over 51 funds now four and five star. As we merge the fund families, the overall performance will even improve. I think if you look at some of our statistical supplement on (inaudible) basis, we’re well above 60% in a number of areas already. The merges will actually clean up that fund lineup a bit more for us, but we’re not through the fund merger yet. Having said that, we did declare the new funds, that things are moving to the proxies are already starting to be nailed, et cetera. So I think it has some impact. It’s hard for me to tell you after that’s over and we’re through that process what the full effect is, but we just announced the fund lineup in the fourth quarter and we have put the wholesalers on their territories as we adjust the activity. They’re very focused now. We had our kickoff meetings. So, we’re going to try to work hard to improve the flows, but I think it will take some time, but we’re optimistic that we can get a turnaround. The institutional side, you know, that’s a bit lumpy. Because as we said, we’ve lost these two large accounts domestically. There were only a few (inaudible) in account. One was Bank of America or Bank Cline (inaudible), another was insurance from the Columbia. So I think, the revenue side of that is not going to be material but on a volume basis, it looks significant. On mandates, are starting to come in institutional now that the consultants are getting more comfortable that we’re making our way through the process. We’re picking up some nice winds. There’s a lot more to do but the pipeline is building. So we hopefully will start to see some traction there as well as we go into the New Year.
Jim Cracchiolo: But there is a portion that has come, it’s because it relates to it. But that’s why it will still come.
Jim Cracchiolo: There were some outflows that were definitely assumed that we knew as we combined at the very beginning and had overlapped in portfolio managers and some institutional accounts that would leave once we did the combinations. Some of that did take place in the third and fourth quarter. I think what Walt is referencing as the other piece of it is mainly a merger of the funds that takes place that we will move to lower breakpoints based on level of assets or that the funds that the assets are going into may have lower fees in the accounts because there are larger funds. And so, with that, that’s the other piece of the tranche within the 20 to 40. Regarding whether we suffer full outflows that we experience or not, we didn’t dictate every account, but we feel comfortable, with where we are today and the assets, et cetera, that we’re within those reasonableness as far as what we expected. Now, having said that, we would like to move into inflows to grow the business rather than continue to be in sort of the outflow area, and that’s where we’re going to work hard to try and turn that around. But from what we originally estimated, from what we knew at the time, I think we’re within those bounds, with the last piece coming as we merge the funds.
Jim Cracchiolo: – is it already in the P&L for 2010, the answer is no. Only 75 is actually booked in the P&L in 2010, but as we leave the year, that 75 turns into 112 for 2011.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. First of all, I want to thank you for participating in the call and asking for the various questions that helped clarify things. I think one of the issues we do have which is very hard and we’ll try to figure out is how to deal with things like the 157 because it’s a noneconomic charge, but I know people can’t predict it and so the estimates that you come out with do not include and it does sort of get little noise in the system. I would also leave you with this thought. I think for the things that we wanted to do in 2010 and what we told you back in 2009 and ‘08, I think is actually coming about quite well. I think we’ve had a strong business and a strong year. I think we’re seeing improvements. We think we continue to drive margin improvements. I feel very good about where AWM is and where it can go as well as with the Columbia deal and Threadneedle, that we can actually continue to improve there as well. Of course, we got work to do to change the flows around, et cetera, but I think we got good product line and good performance, which is something that we never really had completely in the past. And I think we have a more substantial and fuller lineup. Yes, we’re still working through further levels of integration, but the savings are being realized. I think we have a good business now, a sizeable business. I think if you compare it to other large independent managers out there, we’re quite sizeable, including our earnings and our ability to earn. And the same thing with our advice and wealth management. We’re starting to come into the stream where this is really having a substantial impact. We think we can continue to grow those margins even with low interest rates. Yes, we had some pickup and some expenses in the fourth quarter, but I think outside of the Securities America activity, our margins would have shown nice improvements as well in the fourth quarter for our core franchise business which is really the focus that we have. So, I just want to leave you with the thoughts. I think we’ll manage our other businesses very prudently to drive returns and manage the risk, that’s why we chose to get out of the outside distribution of annuities. I think we can generate good returns with good consumer behavior in the other annuities with strong hedging. And I do believe our protection business will start to improve. I take the note regarding the auto and home, it has not been a problem for us, but we don’t want it to be a problem for us. So if we see anything substantially changing, we will evaluate, but we really think it can continue to drive margins because of some flexibility in case we don’t need to. And overall, as Walter said, we do have a strong capital position. We will be looking to utilize that appropriately. I will not use the money for acquisitions unless they really made sense and we can really get good synergies as we’ve been showing you for the last few that we did. And we will return to shareholders as appropriately, but we don’t need to do that all in one moment, but we can do that over time so that you can feel comfortable, we can feel comfortable and still have degrees of opportunity for growth and investment. So I appreciate you taking the time. I do feel we had a good year and we tried to deliver everything that we told you about a year ago and we look forward to continuing to work with you in the New Year. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Okay. Last question is, I think, if we try and at least identify the synergy related in that outflow in asset management which I think from a revenue standpoint if I remember correctly, it was expected to be 30-million loss approximately? Where are we on that and should that all be behind us soon or how should I think about timing? Just, I understand you haven’t wanted to give any outflow guidance from an asset standpoint, but I know you’ve given in on revenues. So I just wanted to know where we’re at on the revenue side.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: But Walter how, from a revenue standpoint, are we halfway done? Are we more than that? I just, I don’t know if you can give some guidance on that.
Tom Gallagher – Credit Suisse: Got it. And then, I just have one last detailed question for you, Walter, just to put this to bed. So if I assume you hit the top end of the range in terms of synergy-related benefits that would be 190, you’re at 112, this is all gross. The 30 that you expect to lose on this synergy has not yet come, so I really should be taking that off the 190 to get to a net number. So on the net basis, we’ve gotten 112, we have not yet picked up in the 30.
