Walter Berman: Yeah. It really is more an indication of what the Fed has recently announced as it relates to the short end with the 350 increases they talked about in the 225 and seeing the benefit in this year. And you're right. You would then get the calendarization full impact as you get into 2020. We also benefited as we're seeing it now because in the quarter, we see substantial increase in the spreads for the long end. So, we will pick that up as we start shifting money from or balance sheet to on balance sheet. So I think it's going to be a combination of both will allow us to garner that additional profitability. But again, these are estimates based on a lot of variables.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So far, we're seeing a continued demand for our pledge activity, margin activity, so we have not seen any negative impact. And certainly, we continue - our advisors are very knowledgeable about the trade-off of the BM total average and used that capability to investment in the market. But so far, we have not seen. We've seen good growth coming in from pledge and from margin.
Walter Berman: Well, obviously, it will - our range is, as we always talked about 35% to 39%, and we said we were getting the benefit of the higher market appreciation. So you would imagine if the markets where you trade continue to go down, it will go down. Again, we have ways to go to still stay within our ranges that we talked about.
Walter Berman: Okay. So it's on multiple fronts. Obviously, they have garnered some very good inflows in this environment. As we talked about, we've had institutional inflows coming in, that would have been very good in LDI and other areas, and we've also had the US transfer came in. So those have been very good. The profitability has been totally on target actually a little better that we want our certain. And as we look at the elements of the performance fees that came in, and that was certainly strong profitability coming up private equity and property. So, it is performing well. And then as we're looking through integration, we have our plans set, and we're moving through that and certainly moving through our strategy to get our synergies. So we're feeling very comfortable about the acquisition at this stage.
Walter Berman: All right. So from a bank standpoint, we've already moved from our balance sheet on balance sheet, about $1.8 billion. We are evaluating. We have the -- a range or you can get into $4 billion to $5 billion that we think would be applicable here that we would start evaluating that trade because the giving us that opportunity to balance - to pickup our yield from that standpoint. And so that is something that you should expect that we will be targeting to do in 2022. As you indicated, the yields are up and certainly those yields have low risk profiles as we've continued to manage that. So it would give us a good balance between the increase in short-term and picking up the spread with low-risk and low duration because we will stay in the 2.5% to 3.5% range on the duration. And that's the sweet spot that's working out very well for us.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So, if you're - I'll take your number, $13 billion, they had $4 billion to $5 billion, you can go to the upper range of $18 billion.
Walter Berman: Yeah. And Tom, I think in the first quarter, I think you'll see across the industry a bit more slowing in annuity activity because of the volatility. So part of that is part of it. And then part of it was the guarantees versus the pickup in the non-guarantee activity. But we feel very comfortable with that, and we think it's the right trade-off for us as we continue to move forward. But we also - there will be some expense savings as well from not booking some of the new business. So overall, we feel very good about that move and the total balance of what we think that we can continue to garner there.
Walter Berman: It's Walter. I haven't seen much change in the demand characteristics. It's working its way through and we've seen a little basically discussions on price, but not much.
Walter Berman: I would say, listen, the 90% is an area of target that we talk about and in each quarter, we evaluate what we would do. But right now, I would say the 90% is a good barometer. We certainly have the capacity, but it is -- I think we are not changing the barometer right now 90% will just evaluate options as we look through.
Walter Berman: No, I think it's exactly the point. We have a solid base where we do generate performance fees. And certainly, it generates earnings. We can't predict what they are certainly as you look at property or you look at private equity. And in these environments, it gets even a little more difficult to do that. But it's a solid, solid business for us. And we just can't give you the predictability of it. But certainly, we're happy we have it.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So I think you had sort of two parts in that. One is around the recruiting and then around, I guess, the organic growth just from flows. So yeah, at the beginning of the quarter, it was always a little to start off the year based on what we've seen as some of the volatility that occurred in January. And then we were able to really pick that up as we got through the quarter, and we had 80 good quality people come join us. Our pipeline still looks pretty good as we continue to move forward. I mean there's been a greater level of volatility as you saw in the month of April. But I think that we're having good conversations with people. They understand the value of what we can provide them and the type of support that we provide for people who have joined us. Regarding the organic flow activity, in general, as you would imagine, when you have a pickup of volatility, and you got a little more unknown, you have a little bit holding on cash, not going necessarily to work or the idea that people want to put a lot more money in the market if it's going to sort of fall the next day. But our overall client activity has held up, the engagement is good. I just think the volatility will always cause a little bit of a slowing in how people are thinking about it. I'm not sure how you're thinking about it, whether you're putting a lot of money to work right now if you have a little bit more of the unknown. But I do believe that since the engagement is strong, the conversations are good and the client relationships are good, and we're actually gaining more client relationships that those flows will be there over time, whether there's a little slowdown because of this period of the unknown is the usual occurrence. So we feel good. Our assets stay with us. I think people are seeking the advice that we provide. And it's just more of what happens in a particular month or quarter or week. But I think you see that, that that we can sustain.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. If you're looking from our standpoint with the off-balance sheet cash and the stability of that, it is quite good. It is, again, it's more working capital and certainly, it's built up over the years, but this is something we feel very comfortable with the amount that I mentioned that we can shift that gives us more than enough liquidity about to manage that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So we have continued to recruit in office advisors as well as assistance and even our franchisee channel and help develop them as part of the franchisee systems as well and as we do with the employee side, and we will continue that. We haven't made that an extended large part of our activities, but it's a nice complement to our activities. And we're seeing some good people join us that way. And on the experience side, we continue to, I think, have a very strong value proposition. As I mentioned in more of my opening remarks, we've gone out to the advisors who've joined us, and they are highly satisfied in what we've been able to provide much better than what they got at their previous firms, either wire houses or independents. And so that story we're telling that in the marketplace. We're not just -- it's not just about what the payment is. It's about what someone can establish themselves here and actually grow and have a very strong productive practice with a quality type of profile. And so again, we're not looking to just add large numbers. We were rolling up people based on even have low productivity. We're looking for quality people that really want to manage a really good franchise or become a highly productive employee as part of our system with all the support that we can provide them. And so we feel good about that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So part of the BMO acquisition was actually heading to our capabilities in responsible investing. And their portfolios are doing well. They are garnering good flows there where it's been a little softer in other areas in Europe. And very clearly, it's one of the areas that we're working on to leverage more holistically across our international franchise, but even so in the United States. And so, we feel good that that's part of what we confer the leverage in the environment that we're continuing to move into as demand also picks up in that area. I think energy is one part of that, but there is - the easiest the S & G part of it, and that's an important part of overall responsible investing.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So on the institutional side of the business, as you would imagine, there is always a little bit of a trying to recognize what's happening in the market and how funds need to be reallocated or even where you have won something. It sometimes takes a little longer just based on the market conditions to fund. I haven't necessarily seen a further extension in that regard. Things have been funding. I wouldn't say they are - they quickened at all, but I wouldn't say they've extended themselves. I think there's always certain portfolios as you have a backup in the fixed income market or you have some reallocation in some parts of the equity segments. But I think it's been running consistently for where it was over the last 6 months. 
Jim Cracchiolo: I can't really give you a percentage, but certainly exiting the living benefits, we'll certainly eliminate that aspect of, but we are seeing strength in the SDA product. So I can't really give you the exact proportionality on them, Tom.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So the one-year performance, so we know it's more of what had occurred more quickly. It didn't really affect the flow situation in that regard. I think the flows - and you can see it across the industry. You're going to have a little pickup of redemptions as people say, hey, maybe I need to get out. And they particularly if you look at fixed income, there's been a major pull out on some sectors of the fixed income market, including munis, et cetera. You also had a bit slowing of people investing in, let's say, growth stocks at this point in time based upon how they've pulled back. So I think that should be expected. I think as you see more people reporting, you're going to see that. I think you can see that in the SIMS data. What I did say is that our level of flows is consistent with the industry. We were 1% better in equities. We're looking at the US and we're 1% worsed in fixed income. And I mentioned the difference in the segment. So I actually don't think we had a major full up compared to the industry. I think the industry is falling off as well. Now the other point -- and this is active. We're talking about active. Now the other thing I would say is on the performance side, there are three things that occur: number one, in Europe, there isn't a segment that calls growth and value, and they - it's all meshed together. We have a little more of a growth quality bias versus more of a value. And so, when you look at the European and your benchmark, we had a little more underperformance there because we're a little more growth oriented. Our institution and our retail clients understand that a little more. But on the benchmarking, it just shows that your performance goes down. Then in the US, we have one big fund, which is the 50th. It's not way below. It just dropped, and it will go back. It's a few basis points and that's what caused the little of the US in equities. And then in fixed income, you could imagine with the pullback of the bond market. You had a little more dislocation there and a few basis points is what tips the thing. But we feel very good about the quality of those portfolios. And therefore, we feel like that will bounce back as well. So we don't feel like there's a major change. And again, when you look at a quarter within a one year versus three, five and 10 years of having really strong performance, I don't think that has an effect. And I think particularly in institutional clients understand a little more of what's underlying the portfolio, and so I think that is also very important.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So let me take a shot maybe a clearly, the interest rate environment improves as you look at long-term care and other aspects of that. And as it relates to risk transfer, there's clearly, in our opinion, a more active interest in these sort of products, and you're seeing that. So yeah, those two aspects combined to certainly have a higher profile for people looking at books of that nature. These are long, complicated transactions. Again, you've seen it with many of the things that have been now how long they have taken. So I'm going to put a time frame on them. Like I said, we're starting off in a very good position. We have great products, and we just - with people expressing interest, we basically evaluate from that standpoint. So, it's - but the environment is certainly beneficial at this stage.
Jim Cracchiolo: So Alex, I think what I would say is over years, our total asset levels have gone up. And so to your point, our cash levels have risen in consistency with that. I think what I would say, if I even look at over the course of the year or from the first quarter, et cetera, we're up a few billion dollars as we sort of - usually what you have is a little more of a draw down in the first quarter as more money goes back into work from the end of the year and stuff. And what we've seen is a little more of a pickup. So, I would probably say to the effect if people will put some more money back into the bond market or whatever or keep a little less cash on the hold. But I don’t see it materially going down, because we didn’t really increase it as far as positional cash that much in that sense. I think to your point, it’s maintained as a percentage of total assets. Our advisors have been very good about the rebalancing of portfolios and keeping that money active. But I would say, yeah, it's gone up a few billion dollars from where I would probably normally think it would be at this juncture. But I don't see it falling dramatically from there because to Walter's point, it's positional, it's transactional. It's keeping some emergency cash levels that we think is important from a client perspective to have.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah, Suneet, I think it's also based on what happens in the environment in the market, but we have flexibility. We've deployed that flexibility at the right times where we feel it made sense. But I think on the other side of to Walter's point, we've given you a little bit of a targeted range that we feel at this juncture up and down will still make sense. But there is opportunity for us to deploy if necessary or we want to, based on opportunities.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think one of the things I would say and Walter could complement. So first of all, we've added the BMO business, which is an institutional business, and it does have with some of its alternatives and real estate, et cetera. So if someone said, well, you have the same performance fees you had two years ago, the answer is no, we should have a larger number of performance fees, maybe not as a percentage of the total asset base. But more in total dollars because there's more product that have performance fees on them. But that's lumpy. And it's also based upon when things get accrued or when it gets liquidated, et cetera. So Walter, I don't...
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say, Suneet, is this. One is, yes, there's always the upside you mentioned there. The other thing I would probably say is we have not, if you looked at us even over the last few years when the market has been really good, we have not grown our expense base normally at a much higher rate. I think some other companies have and might have to really deal with that. I think we haven't. I mean, even look at Columbia Threadneedle, outside of the increase in expenses go BMO was added, their expenses were relatively flat in the quarter year-over-year. Same thing, we're up only a few percent in Advice & Wealth with all that growth of that business and the investments we have made. So, I would say that we will turn the spigot so to speak, if we feel like things are weakening. But I would also say that we still have good activity and therefore, we want to make sure we handle that well and support the business well. So, I think you got to - we're looking at what that balance is, but we haven't been overly high on the expense growth. But if we feel like things have really -- well activity has gone down, and yeah, we'll tighten those expenses.
