Walter Berman: Okay, so with the bank, as you noticed, and we have certainly grown the underlying assets in the bank, we will continue to do that. We have the capability of our overall cash strategy to switch from off-balance sheet to on-balance sheet and certainly manage our effective yield on that basis and give us alternatives, so we do see we have substantial room to grow as we take the deposits - right now, they’re in the $11 billion range, to be increasing that by at least $2 billion to $3 billion as we move forward through the years and evaluate the situation. It gives us certainly yield pickup from that standpoint and gives us diversity. As it relates to the underlying assets, we are seeing tremendous success as we look at our pledged loan activity and margin loan activity, which of course is in the broker-dealer, and the [indiscernible] we are investing to build that and we will see significant penetration capability with that as the uplift that’s taken place since December, when we launched the pledge loans, has been very good, and certainly the other products that Joe and his team are working on.
Walter Berman: The 3% to 4% is a good number from our standpoint. Certainly we do believe we are managing expenses well and certainly making investments, but as you indicated, certainly T&E expenses and other things have not exactly returned, but we do see that coming back into more steady state, but the 3% and 4% would be a good number in my mind. 
Walter Berman: The short answer is yes, obviously with the transaction on the fixed annuities that created that situation, so we will be adjusting that.
Walter Berman: There’s a lot of options coming in, as we talked about. You’re correct - LTC is certainly evolving at a slower pace than the others, but the good thing about it is the strength of what we believe is our position with that business, so yes, we could structure something of that nature but right now, I don’t want to get into speculation But the good thing about it is it’s performing the way we thought it would and we feel comfortable with it.
Walter Berman: It is, and certainly we feel as you look at where we’ve been maintaining our RBC ratio, it is certainly the quality of the book and the cash flows within them, so we feel very confident with the capital requirements, looking at it from a stats standpoint, that this is a sustainable proposition. Obviously there’s been ins and outs [indiscernible] other aspects, such as auto and home and everything of that nature, but on a regular steady state basis, yes, it’s in the range.
Jim Cracchiolo: This is Jim. First and foremost, the organic growth rate that we’ve been getting, we feel very good about based on how we’re penetration our own client base today, how we’re enhancing and deepening the relationships through our advice modules, and the support that we’re giving the advisors with our tools and capabilities that really help them engage the clients more fully. We feel like what we’ve made is good investments there. Training and development is really starting to show its fruits. In regards to the external recruitment, that has picked up again, which we did as we move from more of the virtual back to in-person. We’re seeing good advisors join us, good quality books, and we feel like we have a good opportunity as people better understand the type of capabilities that we offer, the brand support that we provide, as well as the recognition that we’re getting there from a client perspective for trust in regard to our brand, and that’s very important. We see that both in the advisor and employee channel, the franchisee, but as well in the FIG channel. As you know, it took us a little while to integrate that into our platforms and capabilities, and now we’re actually adding new bank partners and adding advisors to those partners, so that’s actually taking shape nicely for us and we think there’s a good path forward on that.
Jim Cracchiolo: This is Jim. If we look at the wholesale flows in EMEA, they actually were positive and been maintaining a bit more positive over the course of the year. The U.K. was the area that, even though it has improved, so it was still in a bit of an outflow, it did improve over the last two quarters and, as you would imagine, the U.K. went through a bit more of a lockdown in the summer months, they are still working through some of their issues regarding Brexit, etc., just completing how that looks and how people should think about investing, but we actually see that with the economy starting to bounce back, the pandemic starting to get a bit less impactful, that we should start to see a bit more pick-up there, but that was the weak spot in EMEA, but overall it did improve over the course of the year. Now on the institutional side, we’ve seen good inflows in EMEA and in certain of the mandates, as well as in the U.K. we’ve gotten a big mandate there as well, so we see the institutional being a little firmer in that regard versus the wholesale or intermediate at this point.
Jim Cracchiolo: Alex, it’s an excellent question and we figured that by giving you more information, someone would read something into it different than someone else, so let me try to clarify that and what we tried to do there. We’ve seen the transactions, as Walter said, come out to market and people starting to realize that our book is a bit better than what they’ve seen out there, and very clearly we think it is significantly better. In that regard, the business is less than 20% of our total today. It is very well managed. It generates very strong returns and cash flows, and so the first thing I would convey to you as an investor and as an analyst is that it does not detract from our business. It provides a level of diversity, it actually gives us strong cash flows that we use for buybacks as a complement to free cash flows we generate in the other businesses, so it doesn’t in any way have a draw on capital, and that it’s been very steady and consistent with excellent returns on the overall capital that’s deployed there. One thing we would bring to highlight is as we hold the business, it should not be a discount or an overhang on us, is the first thing. The second thing we would clearly state, just like we’ve sold the auto and home, we’re reinsured part of the book, we’ve diverted our sales from activities that don’t give us really good strong returns, we’re very open to continue to explore strategic opportunities with the book, either reinsurance of aspects or even the sale of certain of the businesses or total, but as long as it makes sense from a strategic perspective, supports our clients, and we can generate reasonable value for that. We think it’s a good operating business, it’s really a great client-oriented business, it really has great distribution capabilities as part of our solution set, so it might be a great opportunity strategically for us to evaluate, but we wanted to be clear that this is not a discounted book that we must get rid of for whatever reason, because it doesn’t detract from us. In fact, it shouldn’t be a discount to the business today as we hold it, but if someone was or we evaluated strategically it made sense, I would tell you it’s a valued business that should be at a valued price. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would not worry about it. We’ve been in a soft close over the course of the year, and what that really means is we still take additions to accounts that are already there, retail and institutional, which is still a good flow, it’s just that we don’t go out and sell to new clients to add new mandates to it, and since we have a really good book with the amount of incremental flows that come in from that book anyway, it still continues to be nice accretive. On the other side, to the point that you raised, we have been able to really diversify our mix and so over the course of the year again, we have more than 10 different disciplines that are adding over a billion dollars of flows to, so we feel really good about the diversification and what may still be in income products, if that’s where people are interested, versus as well our fixed income business is growing nicely with different types of investments there, as well as some of the other equity products that have also been gaining traction.  We feel like our line-up is pretty diversified now, and each of what we’re selling actually has excellent performance.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we feel very good about the continuation, our ability to continue to get good flows in the business and have good client activity and relationships, both on the client as well as with the advisor uptake of our capabilities. The same thing with recruiting - I think we really do have a really strong value proposition to offer advisors. The biggest thing that we try to do is educate advisors versus what people are selling out there, of what we offer more completely and comprehensively, and we think is it very differentiated, if we think that it really helps an advisor really improve their productivity and drive a really good, strong practice, and so that’s really what we focus on. Now, part of that is the package, financial for someone to transition, etc. We think that we offer competitive packages there. We don’t get overly aggressive as some that will sort of buy the business per se. We look at the economics of that and want to make sure that it is reasonable and appropriate through cycle. But we feel that the offering is competitive, and when you add that to the totality of what we provide and the support, we think it’s excellent value. That’s the way we look to compete in the marketplace, and we feel good about that.
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say we actually re-entered the banking business because we felt, consistent with what you said, that it was a good strategic opportunity for us to complement our business in the marketplace. Clearly we have some experience going back on that, and we actually grew the business nicely at that point in time. As you recollect, the bank is kind of new right now, so we’re just sort of ramping up. We’re putting the products to market, etc., and we think that we have a good growth trajectory of moving more deposits over. We think that the margins in that business could be really good - I mean, it’s been a compressed spread market right now that’s starting to open up a bit as we get down the road, which I think will be favorable for us to continue to do the shift.  We are launching more of the lending products in the bank and some more deposit gathering products in the bank as well for our retail clients. Now with that, it will continue to take time to develop those books, but we see really good traction in the ones we’ve launched already. We’ll be bringing more lending activities bank on balance sheet over time for mortgages and home equities and other things like that, so we do have our plans going out and I think it will be a great complement to the business.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think from a movement of off-balance sheet to balance sheet, that will become the majority of where the deposits go, so exactly to your point, yes. As far as the lending penetration, again as we’ve increased the number of different products we put out there for what we’re going to penetrate, that’s what we’re working on now, but we feel like we can get some good penetration based on some of our past experience of what we work with partners on. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we’ll hopefully be able to close this in short order over the next few weeks. We’re just waiting for one more regulatory approval. Once we have that on the books, we can start to give you more information on it. As you would imagine with privacy and other things in the European market, that it’s been one that we can’t really get into or even know some of the lines, but from the actual sales activity that they’ve been garnering over the last number of quarters, even though this transaction was done, has been very positive and favorable, so they’ve been in nice inflows there and that bodes well for us to assume the business.  We think that that can continue. We like a lot of their capabilities that we’re already thinking about how we would integrate that in and carry some of those capabilities, not just across our European business but actually into the U.S. From a U.S. perspective, we think that a number of their U.S. assets are going to transfer over to us. We’ve been working - it’s a client by client approval in activities, but that looks very favorable, and we’ll be able to give you more information as we get closer to the end of the year.
Jim Cracchiolo: We absolutely want to focus right now in the international market of closing and integrating in the BMO transaction. We have good plans to do that and leverage that capability, working with the people there. We think that they add good complementary investment processes and people and capabilities, and that’s our first order of business. Having said that, as we have said, we have capital flexibility if something else comes along that would be complementary, that fits, we would definitely look to explore it. Having said that, we’re not out in search of something to do right now, but you never know when opportunities may arise. But if we’re looking at the European part of that equation, we’re really focused on that integration.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well again, what we’re continuing to do is look at what could be complementary in either distribution or product capability. Some of this may be alternative space or solutions, but again we feel like we’ve got a pretty good make-up, and what BMO actually provides is a complement to the areas that we wanted to further invest in, so that’s why again it would have to be really opportunistic rather than that we’re in the hunt for something that we need right now.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well as you would imagine, anytime we go into a transaction or a deal not knowing, we always factor in a level of breakage, etc., and still feel very good about the arrangement that we’ve made and adding it to our equation. Having said that, we feel like from what we know today, that looks less negative and more positive than what we always initially assume, but again it’s early stages. But I think what’s important is that this will be complementary to us. We’re not integrating and consolidating investment processes and people, we’re adding them, we’re keeping them in tow as it is to really support clients the way they’ve been support, to add those processes and investment professionals to our capability. We also feel like we can add some further support to what they’ve done in EMEA to complement their business, that will be very helpful for their clients, so we feel very positive at this stage. As we get further into it, we’ll always provide you that color.
Jim Cracchiolo: It’s been the multiple of it, and they are continuing certainly as it relates to--as you’ve seen in the activity in the quarter, so it’s on both sides of it.
Jim Cracchiolo: No, the operating leverage and the margin have been quite strong, and then certainly again we’ve targeted 35 to 39%, it’s been running in the mid-40s, that is certainly a factor of the market situation which we expect will continue, if the markets [indiscernible].
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I think we feel very good about that, the growth rates and the continuation, and we feel a lot--don’t get me wrong, the markets are good, but we feel a lot has to do, because you’ve seen a nice uplift from where we were, based upon the integrated technology and the solution and the advice modules we’ve been putting to market that really help the advisors engage a larger part of their client base and deepen appropriately. We also have added a lot of capabilities for them in our CRM systems, etc. to reach out to even more prospects and move upmarket more. We’re seeing a combination of things that are adding to that total flow picture, but what’s really important is the level of client and advisor engagement on things, and so we think that that has given us that level of uplift.
Jim Cracchiolo: Tom, again you’re right on point - I mean, we actually have one of the best channels if you want to sell a longer term solution, and the capability there is there for someone that really wants to continue to be in the business in a good way. Based on the type of offering, our clients look for reasonable and appropriate benefits, reasonable and appropriate pricing, and consistency of delivery, so yes, it would be--probably if someone’s in this business, it’s probably one of the best channels for them to access.
