Walter S. Berman: I think we are expecting that we’ll be in that range. We do see that some of the reengineering that we were talking about before will start taking hold and also we’ll start getting some revenue margin improvement as we progress through the year. So we do see that as achievable, yes.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, I think we will and there’s a couple of things as you look through it. Obviously, there’s been a shift to more fixed income which has certainly affected that and we’re beginning to see hopefully that trend line moving back which will give us higher yield. Also, as you mentioned the CDO gain certainly on a sequential basis, it increased the management fee basis points. Also, we had some losses on our alternatives which is certainly a high profit aspect, that performance is improving and we’ll see that hopefully start improving there. And, we are reengineering not just on the expense, looking at the revenue line too so we think the prospects are good there.
Walter S. Berman: We’re certainly controlling the expenses as we’ve indicated and certainly as we look at the circumstances we’re cognoscente of the margins so we are managing the expenses and we have, as Jim said, put in place a reengineering effort. We always have one but we certainly have accelerated some of that which will start taking a hold. I’m not going to give you a number we’re going to be flat and up because that will change as we said what we allow goes to the bottom line or not depending on the circumstances, but certainly we’re very focused on the G&A line.
Walter S. Berman: Well, there’s a couple of things happening. First, as we merge funds, as we indicated we would have revenue denigration from that of one or two basis points and that has occurred and that was what was in our discussion. So that’s what you see taking place because it worked its way through. As Andrew mentioned we had the CDO gains, certainly looking at the fourth quarter which certainly distorted the revenue mix and margin in the fourth quarter and that was fairly substantial. That was also a disclosed item. And, we had a fee day shift between the first quarter last year and this year there’s a differential of one day each.  Now, as it relates to it, we do see that it should start improving as I explained because we do believe that we will hopefully start seeing that mix of equities portion going up and starting to get a better return on that and the alternative is performing better and the reengineering I do believe will start giving us benefits as we get towards the latter part of 2012. So I think it’s not going to immediately bounce but certainly I think we’re on a good trend line.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, you’re correct it was a full year target and as you saw we increased nicely sequentially. I do believe as we look at the trajectory of the expenses as Jim indicated, we certainly were in the midst of our advertising launch and we will still continue to advertise, we’ll obviously gage that. The brokerage platform will trail off in the fourth quarter as I indicated on that investment side and it is a good thing on the EAR we are certainly attracting, as my comments and Jims about high quality EAR and also the number so that does get an initial expense. Hopefully, that will continue actually, I think that will be a good thing. But I do believe, with the combination of events that we see and starting to get benefits from the EARs coming in that the 12% is definitely achievable. It’s not a walk in the part but it certainly is achievable.
Walter S. Berman: I think certainly the forward curve took that away and pronouncements from the Fed and there certainly does change that trajectory and as we indicated, I think I indicated something like $35 million of incremental after tax interest expense which is something like $55 pre and we actually had the majority of that hit us in the first quarter as we talked about because of the compare. Obviously, as we go through 2012 and compare it with that changes that took place in 2011 the implication year-over-year will become less but the majority of that came through in the first quarter. I believe right now in the short term and everything it’s just going to be certainly tough going for a while with the rates staying where they are and certainly the rates on the long end certainly are not going to get much better.
Walter S. Berman: I’d say right now my guess is it’s going to be higher than $55. Not significantly higher but certainly it could be 10% to 15% higher, even 20%.
Walter S. Berman: I prefer not because candidly it’s getting into systems and everything like that but it has an impact. It certainly will have an impact because it’s a huge investment to put that sort of a platform in as you can imagine and we are incurring the expense and like I said, it will go in conversion by the third quarter and it’s reasonably impactful, it really is. I prefer not to get into specific numbers.
Walter S. Berman: Again, as Jim said there’s so many moving parts as it relates to that aspect of it and again, I’ll remind you it is a major system and once the system is fully implemented we will then start the amortization aspect of it. But certainly, there will be a differential.
Walter S. Berman: There is obviously from the standpoint of the enhancements and the training, those are being expensed. So from that standpoint there is a significant amount of this that is being in the period charge basis with again, as we implement the system and the changes related to that, that is the portion that will be pushed forward.
Walter S. Berman: Again, I don’t want to give you an amount because each project is different depending on the intensity so I would prefer not to give it because like I said, each project depends on how much is really for development versus how much is for implementation. Off the top of my head, I don’t have the exact numbers on that.
Walter S. Berman: Between sequential you really do have a fee day differential which is one part of it. The gain on the CDO is really a big part, and you’re getting as the mergers came through they hit their full stride basically starting in the first quarter and so I would say those are the elements. Also, on the alternative you’re getting the full impact coming through. But it’s really the two big items are the fee day that’s less and the gain on the CDO and that swings most of it.
Walter S. Berman: I want to thank everyone for listening to us this morning and for your questions and any other thoughts you have in your conversations with Alicia and Chad. Very clearly again, I just want to emphasize that based on a combination of factors both from a business as well as an environmental, we do feel good about our position, we feel good about the traction that we have and the improvements that we’re making. Having said that, we will experience being in the businesses that we’re in some level of adjustments from quarter-to-quarter, a little lumpiness as we’re getting over with the Columbia transaction hopefully going to be more behind us than in the middle of which will occur over the next quarter or so. So yeah, we’ve got another lumpy quarter to get through in flows but I would still say that we have good underlying improvements in our business. I think we have a great foundation that we built. I think our AWM business again, market climate isn’t great for robust trading activity and large investments but you can see some of the underlying metrics are strong for us and we have a really healthy annuity and insurance business. I do believe that we’re in more of the better end of that slice of the pie for where we’re participating. I think the combination of those things gives us a very good company and gives us that appropriateness that we can return well to shareholders and so we will continue to execute against our strategy. Quarter-to-quarter it’s not perfect science of where you’re going to come in but I think look at us over the last eight quarters, four quarters, look at us in total of what we’ve created over the last two years and where we’ve come from and I think you’ll find a good consistent story even though quarter-to-quarter it won’t be a perfect science. Thank you for both your interest as well as your questions and your comments and we look forward to continuing to have the conversation with you as we go forward.
James M. Cracchiolo: I think you all understand that it’s always hard to predict. The gentleman retiring, Dave Williams, was a long term PM as part of the US Trust business originally when Bank America acquired it so he had a very good following. I think his fund, even over the long haul had excellent performance. It did suffer over the last two years a bit based on his investment style and that’s coming back and came back towards the latter part of the year. But, having said that, sometimes assets flow when the PM changes.  We have an excellent PM and team that was part taking over for Dave, a Guy Pope. We feel very good about his ability to continue the longer term performance that Dave did have there over the long term. But having said that, sometimes those are lumpy. As an example, in the first quarter we had a big out in one of the sub advised, $500,000 because of that change. So I can’t predict what may continue in the second quarter. Having said that, we have a good team there, a good manager, people recognize Guy Pope’s performance, etc., so we’re hoping that will improve and sustain the business but there may be a few other lumpiness based on model changes. But that was one of the things that impacted us in the first quarter.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think in general in M&A we thought at the latter part of last year there may be some properties coming out that we might have some interest in. Having said that, as we reviewed through those various properties, etc., it was less for what we thought as we move forward was appropriate for us. I think there will be some things that come out, we don’t think they’re significant.  You mentioned the broker/dealer out of Hartford. I think that’s a smaller opportunity and I can’t comment on it. I don’t have the information on that at this point in time but what I would say is we’ll continue to look at things that may be appropriate for us but we don’t see anything large on the horizon per say that in some way would change what we’ve just discussed with you as far as our strategy and return to shareholders, etc. But, if there are some opportunities, even if smaller that fit in neatly that wouldn’t jeopardize our strategy and where we’re moving, we’ll look at them and see if they’re appropriate for us that would give us some additional value.
James M. Cracchiolo: I think what I can add is when we talk about this implementation it’s not just the technology development, that’s a piece of it. What we really have is the increased expense right now is as you’re going through a conversion you’re carrying two systems one is live that you just made live and the other one is the continuation of your old platform until you convert all the accounts. So you have a duplicate operating expense there. The second thing is you have a lot of additional servicing cost as you’re going through account conversion, and getting people up, and moving all the data, and information, and the client activities. It’s a combination of three components, one is the technology development, the other one is the training and the support costs for the conversion and service delivery, and then with that you have the two operating systems that you carry. So as we convert we have one occurring in May and one in August and then after that we can start to turn off the other system. We could then with that bring down a lot of the training cost, etc. and unwind that and the third thing is the development starts to get a lot less.  You still have ongoing development but it’s not as material as we’re hooking up all of the various systems to get that new operating system online. So it’s a material amount per quarter in a combination of those factors that will go away.
James M. Cracchiolo: The amortization is a smaller part of what we’re talking about this point as we move forward.Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, I just wanted to be clear on that that we’re not back loading a lot of it.
James M. Cracchiolo: We’re definitely not back loading.Thomas Gallagher – Credit Suisse Securities: The last question I had is just going back to John Nadel’s question about the revenue yield and how that declined even after backing out the CDO impact. I guess, Walter when I heard you mention the fund mergers being an issue I can understand that. Was there a big delta from 4Q to 1Q because I thought the fund mergers were mainly behind us? If I just look at what happened from 4Q11 to 1Q2012 because the thing that stood out to me was the fact that your equity assets went up markedly and I do sort of back of the envelope calculation your equity assets went up by $20 billion or so on average from 4Q to 1Q so you would expect that your revenue yield wouldn’t have declined as much. Anyway, any light you can shed on that would be helpful.
James M. Cracchiolo: Our advertising right now – first of all you’ve got marketing advertising and what we do at the web, etc., so everything we think is directly attributed to the AWM business we do charge to the AWM business. There’s some of the advertising that’s for corporate and that goes over to the corporate area. But, as we said, depending on what we’re focused on, what we’re communicating, etc., it either is explicitly tied so for instance direct [search] paid, [search] various things go directly and including national advertising, there’s a good portion that goes to the AWM business.
James M. Cracchiolo: I can’t tell you exactly. I would say we were expecting this to probably come out in the May timeframe which is sort of the middle of the period. But again, that’s not a perfect science but I think based on what I was aware, sometime in the May timeframe. 
