Walter Stanley Berman: It's Walter. I view it as somewhat elevated. I think the expenses will be managed as we've managed in previous years. Obviously, it's situational, but we certainly anticipate to have marginal increase in expense.
Walter Stanley Berman: Well, our exposure actually is quite manageable. As we look at it both from the standpoint of direct investment in real estates and other aspects of that, we have been managing that portfolio down. Our loan to book ratios are quite good and quite strong, and our concentration levels are quite low. So we feel very confident in the portfolio.
Walter Stanley Berman: Okay. We do not have any large – exposure to large box situations, and our mall exposure – again, it is small from the standpoint and it is – that's where we've concentrated keeping the loan to book value quite aligned and at an appropriate level. So we feel really good about it. It's an older book that's been working its way down.
Walter Stanley Berman: Right. Alex, (38:31) question. About 50% is within surrender and really was elevated. Again, it's within ranges from our actuarial standpoint. So we're just observing, and I think we are in line with the industry on this.
Walter Stanley Berman: It's Walter. It will be decreasing again. We see it decreasing slightly in the second quarter and then trailing up. Again, it's dependent on as the situation evolves with the government and with the DOL where it's going to go. But, certainly, a lot of – we're winding down certain aspects and other aspects that we feel that we brought it to a logical point and then just we're going to wait and see.
Walter Stanley Berman: So, obviously, John, it's going to be tough for me to forecast something that's not forecastable, but...
Walter Stanley Berman: Let me answer this question in the way, I think, is where you're trying to get to. Listen, we thought in the first quarter the cat were going to be lower, and obviously when we spread our plan for that, it was the same level as last year, which was – those two years now elevated. So we're seeing hopefully that they will drop as it goes into third quarter because it was a timing issue. The thing that we'd done, that we do control, is really the ability to mitigate it. And that's what we've done with these two reinsurance – additional reinsurance arrangements, which will allow us to at least try and reduce the expense implications as it moves forward as it relates to progressive element, as it relates to the cumulated aspects of this. So we're feeling comfortable that we have an ability to mitigate it, but obviously we can't forecast exactly where the levels are going to be.
Walter Stanley Berman: I believe, right now, it's somewhere in the $3 billion to $4 billion range, or something in that range.
Walter Stanley Berman: Okay, it's Walter, again. It's a bit high. You should see that we're anticipating that would be in the mid-18%, out to maybe 18.7% or 18.8% range for the year.
Walter Stanley Berman: Okay. The geography is basically, it is across the spectrum. The majority of it is generated from the life company, but we generate very strong returns. As you can see, we're over 500% – we're right at 500% in our RBC, and looking at our ratios of regional portion, I'd say about around 50% comes from the Life and then the balance comes from Asset Management and Advice and Wealth Management.
Walter Stanley Berman: Well, there's other factors, but as we talked about, it was our intention to always keep the RBC ratio in the 500% range and obviously there are other factors that take it up and we're constantly evaluating that, so we feel comfortable with that range and of course that is above the minimum standards from the rating agency.
Walter Stanley Berman: Sure, so, Tom, the 80% was basically a guideline as we talked about the first 100%. And so far, there has been 75 basis points. We've kept the majority of it. I think going forward, it is really going to be a situational element. As we assess it, we still believe that. As we look at what's happening in the industry, a large portion of that should certainly be retained, but we will again gauge is what competition and looking at the client elements of it. So the 80% was strictly just to give you guideline on first 100%. And like I said, with the 75 basis points we have, we've kept the majority of it. So going forward, I think we're just going to gauge it as we look at and what's competitive.
Walter Stanley Berman: That's from market – strictly from market and the hedges. That's the market and the impact on the hedges.
Walter Stanley Berman: Yeah. I would say, Suneet, we feel very good about how the quarter came out, the margins in the quarter, what that does on a consistent trend line for what we're looking for. So we feel quite good about it. I know it's hard because you've got a lot of moving parts, but we feel good about what we did book there.
Walter Stanley Berman: It's tough to estimate, Suneet, but it's certainly – really at this stage, it's something that is tough to estimate from that standpoint because you've property funds, different funds coming in and all that. So it is we're just looking at quarter-to-quarter.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Well, we're moving to new global platforms to a front, middle and back office. And when we complete that in mid-2018, we feel that it will give us some efficiencies and reduce some of our operating cost there, but it'll also give us better servicing capabilities and better abilities to leverage our capabilities globally that will also give us some leverage. So we think that it will give us some efficiencies from a cost perspective as well as some opportunity for us to grow the revenue side even more fully.
James Michael Cracchiolo: So, what we did is we eliminated the 12b-1 on the portfolios that the advisors are already managing. And to the extent that some of those fund share classes did not have the one without the 12b-1, we're rebating it back to the client in those instances. In that regard, the advisors are still able to maintain the portfolios as constructed with no change there. The advisors themselves, based on the charges that they make to the client, first of all, are very competitive against the industry. We look at that. We benchmark that. And in fact, based on our asset levels, they're actually below wirehouse levels of charges as well as independents in most all categories. So, what advisors then look at is the services they render. They'll see if there's any adjustments that they want there or other planning services that they'll render on their behalf. But in most cases, the portfolios are as constructed, have stayed the way they are. Advisors always adjust their portfolios. They have ETFs and passes as part of those portfolios as well. And they'll continue to monitor those activities and rebalance them as appropriate based on market conditions. So, that has gone very smoothly. As Walter said, half of the revenue was reduced in the first quarter. All of that has now changed, and so this is the second quarter, the rest of that will be removed from the P&Ls, but also from the advisors.
James Michael Cracchiolo: So from an M&A, listen, we continue to scout, but we're looking for things that might fit in neatly that would add or complement their activities for some of the products such that we're trying to build and grow. And so if things come about, we're interested. On the other side, we're not running out to do acquisitions at this point in time. If some can't be good for us that's of appropriate value, that we can get synergistic opportunities. But as I said, we're very much focused on improving our core organic business, making investments when necessary. And as I said, if something comes along that complements, that we'll look for it. From a perspective of the globalization, organizationally, now that has been bedded down well. The teams are working together. In fact, we're getting some very good opportunities between the international investments side and the U.S. Research is now done and shared globally. There are certain of our product portfolios that have done in a complementary fashion. We're leveraging some of the learnings as well as, as I said even operationally, how we'll go, putting the front, the middle, back office together. So, that has to come along nicely. It always takes a little longer than you want at the beginning, but then the synergies and the starts of the conversations actually grow nicely. And so we feel very comfortable and that should proceed nicely as we move forward.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yes, because once we move the global platforms, again, if we were to add some other asset managers, either internationally, domestically, we'll have a consistent platform to put them on rather than two separate ones. And the platforms that we're putting in place will be up to the greatest of what's out there in the level of capabilities that are currently in the marketplace.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Well, yeah, as you said, we did once have a bank that was mainly servicing against our advisor base, not as a separate institution. So we're continuing to look at opportunities to add other services back to our advisor network. And based on a regulatory regime and some other things that may occur, we might look at opportunities that would be complementary or partnerships that we would grab. So it's one of the things we constantly review, but things haven't necessarily changed dramatically yet. So we'll stay tuned and see what may make sense down the road.
James Michael Cracchiolo: I'd just say we saw a slowdown in our sales a bit like around 11% or so. I think the industry is still running a bit more than that, almost double. I would also say that, yeah, there was a little bit of where things were out of surrender (38:08). The people and advisors probably moved more to the wrap business right now based on the regulatory of what was still unclear with the DOL as we moved through the first quarter. So we'll see how that unfolds, but that's still not a negative for us. It goes into the wrap business versus into a new entity. So we're very comfortable with that, but Walter, I don't know...
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yes, so I would say you're probably talking about three-quarters – two-thirds to three-quarters coming out of the franchisee versus the employee. From a margin perspective, in the first quarter, about three-quarters, it's sort of worked out, of the margin came out in the first quarter that hit the company, and there is about a quarter or a third left, something like that, from a PTI margin impact that will come out in the second quarter, just based on the way things would build and the accruals, et cetera. So we feel very comfortable in managing that. All that was converted already. So it started in February and moved through March. And some things have built at the beginning, end of the quarter. So we think that it's already done perspective and the rest will translate through the P&L. So there will be a bit more about an equal revenue impact in the second quarter, but actually a bit less from a margin perspective because we took most of that in the first quarter.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Okay. So it was approximately 200 advisors, about $8 billion of assets. I don't know whether we disclosed anything. I would probably say the average productivity is in the 300 range or thereabouts. And they really focus really on the financial institutional channel, which is banks, credit unions, et cetera. It's something that we never really – I mean some of our advisors do that, but not as a concerted effort in a coordinated way. And so we saw the opportunity that would some of our value proposition, some of our capabilities, some of our solutions that that will help them ramp up. That's what they saw as an opportunity that Ameriprise would be very complementary to help them scale further and make the investments necessary for that to be a very strong channel for us down the road. So we look at it as another opportunity to branch out or to further expand. It adds a nice firm that developed over the last two decades or so. And so we think it will be a complementary acquisition for us.
James Michael Cracchiolo: No. No, it isn't. And as you said, yeah, it would be a little less since the way it's managed as more an independent, but we think that that's something that we could add value to with what we're doing and why we're doing. So over time, I think it will add to our margins and will improve what it has there, but actually help them grow even more, which would even expand the revenue and the asset base. So we think it will be nice over time, but it's not going to be, in the near term, something that will move the needle in any way.
James Michael Cracchiolo: The only thing I would add to what Walter said at the very beginning, again, you can look at of an industry is actually cats were running nicely below in the first quarter until the very end of March. And you saw there is a number of storms that picked up around the U.S., particularly in the Central sites. And so, listen, so far, April has been a little quieter. But you never know, knock wood, but it could have been some of that move from the normal period of the second quarter at the very end of the first. But again, we don't know, but what we've done is put these other agreements in place that if it does come in heavier, we'll take some of the load off and we think that was appropriate thing to do. And to your point, we'll get a better sense after we go through a few more quarters of what that may look like, but we've made adjustments in our business, some policy adjustments, some reinsurance adjustments even where we are writing business or not writing business, and some of the containment that we made in some of the partners that we're working with that should reduce cat losses over time. So very much, we have our eye on and we think that this could be an improving situation for us.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Listen, I wish I knew at this point, but your question is very valid. Having said that, we were a little – it was running nicely consistent back to old periods. But listen, it reared its little head so hopefully, it'll be a little better as we go forward. But thank you for the question.
James Michael Cracchiolo: The key thing we control there is managing the expenses, obviously, and we are doing it. And as we get higher revenue weighted inflows, that will improve in that certainly the markets, but this quarter, you are correct that there was a lower fee day, certainly impacted the revenue. And certainly, we had lower performance fees. So as we look at it, it's a range. And we believe with the markets where they are and the way we're managing the business and looking at the flows, that we will stay in that range. I can't really predict if we're going to be moving up and down the range because it is dependent on markets and it is dependent on, again, the elements of what the flows that are coming in and when they're coming in. But we feel that we're in a good range and we are – the 35% to 40% was again different circumstances, different situations, but the business is operating, I think, at a pretty effective level at this stage.
James Michael Cracchiolo: It actually might be a little less than that right now. But again, listen, I think the situation there is one that could change over time as they're making adjustments in what they need. Having said that, I think it's something we feel very comfortable what we're managing for them and the performance of it, but those are decisions that they make periodically, as we know, and I think other providers are having that same dialog.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yes. So the third-party institutional as the pipeline still remains pretty good. And as we said, there's always – it's lumpy when you get the fundings, et cetera, but the pipeline still looks good. And yeah, it should be that. It could be a bit more positive. It depends on when things come in. As I said, it would have been more positive in first quarter without that negative redemption that we weren't expecting. But having said that, yeah, we should see some positives coming from third-party is what we're expecting.
James Michael Cracchiolo: So, listen, I think there is the delay to June. With that, they said they still want to move – have a best interest level, but that the delay is to 2018 now. So I think there's the comment letters that went into department. I think, as we know, there isn't a new head there yet. Hopefully, that will be approved soon. And so I would probably say we still are hoping that that goes through the type of review that the administration has asked for and that that would be done in a more comprehensive fashion. And so, I guess, we just have to stay tuned. But we're preparing ourselves, and we'll continue to make adjustments where appropriate and necessary, but we'll wait to see. And again, I think it's something that should be looked at. I think you heard from the SEC yesterday that said, hey, this is something that we might want to take up as well. And I think having one consistent regulatory type of regime would be great in regard to non-qual (52:27). So we'll see. We'll probably know more over the next number of weeks.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Remember, the first 100 basis points is coming off of very bottom, so it's very different than the past where you really had rates of 1% and 2% already. So I think that's why the industry pretty much is keeping all that the banking institutions, et cetera, because you'll have very low rates. So I think as you get into the second 100 basis points is probably where the sharing will begin.
James Michael Cracchiolo: I'll probably say on the next two or something, we're probably closer to the very high keeping. As you get more in between the 1% and the 2% that you range up your sharing as you go up. So I think, again, for the next initial raises, it's still going to be probably keeping majority, and then you start shifting it over time. But again, I think we're all monitoring what's happening in general out there, but as I said, we are off a very, very low basis, why it's a little different than in the past.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yeah, I think, as I said, if it was where the DOL was firmly moving there, you probably see even that continued shift more dramatic probably. Having said that, because it's not, or because it's unclear of what that is, then you'll still get a level of both as you go forward. The difference between commission and a wrap fee over time, as you get the fee over time versus you get more of that upfront. So, that impacts your time of period, not necessarily economically, it's worse off or better off, I think it's more of a time of period.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Well, it's not a perfect match. So remember, the 12b-1 would impact on almost an equal margin basis based on our sharing versus the total that we pass on to the advisors. So we got impacted in the quarter roughly about $9 million from a contribution margin. And it was a little bit higher versus the total of it, as I've said, to the total of the revenue and the 12b-1 just based on how the accruals and the billings and things went. What I would say then is we were able to, based on some of the expense reductions we did going through the fourth quarter and some of the fee adjustments we've made, to offset that and maintain our margin levels, et cetera, but I can't tell you whether it was a perfect timing one there. But we feel very comfortable and the other third you (01:02:31) come out will be about a $3 million margin hit to us in the second quarter, but again, based on some of the other adjustments, we should offset that. So I think it's pretty much margin neutral from a 12b-1 perspective. Remember, those are other reengineering, other activities that we've done separate and apart from that to try to offset it.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yeah. So I would say sequentially again, your fourth quarter was a little stronger. You also had the 12b-1s ones in there. So I think there is a number of different things. You got expenses and compensation up higher in the first quarter because of all your payroll stuff, even our accruals that you make in the first quarter. So it's not an apples-to-apples quarter sequentially. Walter probably can give you more information there, but we had a strong quarter, but you also have increased, because of compensation, other things that all hit in the first quarter. And so you can't look at that sequentially.
James Michael Cracchiolo: And I think that pattern on the sequentially is actually consistent in the way you do it and you do get a different situation with the first quarter on the VAs and a number of elements with that. So I think from our standpoint, it is tracking sequentially and certainly where we anticipate it will be, Suneet.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yes, so we've actually brought in a very good class of advisors, as I said, with strong productivity. We continue to attract them from wirehouses, but we're also seeing some pickup from independents as well. But I would probably say more so on the wirehouse front at this point in time.
James Michael Cracchiolo: It's been a mix, but the wirehouse, yeah, a bit more into the employee from there and the franchisee. We attract a bit more from the independent space there, but there's a few that go from wirehouse to the franchisee as well. But what I would say the overall was a very strong quarter for us in that regard.
