James Michael Cracchiolo: So we're going through that review right now with the various screens that we'll put into effect. But, again, as you know, we offer a wide range of products, so if you take investment products, mutual funds, we have thousands of them on the platform. So even where we will narrow them, there will still be a significant offering, but we're making sure that the products that we do have go through a level of, what we would say, both due diligence, but also a level of screening from a research and -- perspective, so that we ensure that the products offered, we think, would be both appropriate from a pricing perspective, as well as from a performance and durability perspective longevity of having those products appropriate for the client.
James Michael Cracchiolo: No, we offer a wide range. We'll still have a good number of manufacturers on our platform. Having said that, we have a wide range today that we feel probably under the DOL requirements and the level of diligence that we have to provide, we would have to narrow. And I think we're going to see that across the industry. We're doing this both on a qualified and non-qualified, we don't see a difference between the two. They are the same clients, and then we'll make that consistent.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Well, when we look at our fee rate overall, I mean, the fee rate also includes a lot of some of our activities regarding our financial planning activities. And so some of those services that we perform for clients are also embedded in our fee rate. And we do that, we'll look at it sometimes on a consolidated basis of advisors. That's the way they price their book. And so in that there are a lot of services around the full comprehensive financial plan, and services rendered in that regard.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Well, as we – we look to serve the client comprehensively and that's our planning approach. So we look to make sure that the client is getting the right solutions necessary for them to have a complete financial picture. In that regard, we feel that even in the qualified part of the business other products and services are necessary for them to be appropriate. As an example, we do believe in investment advisory, a large part of our business is done that way, but investment advisory might not be for all clients, based on a combination of the fees for it, based on the size of account, et cetera, and that there may be more efficient and appropriate products for them, such as a fund in particular circumstances, or an annuity for retirement income and guarantees. So what we're trying to do is give our advisors as much flexibility as possible where these products would continue to be appropriate, both in the qualified as well as similar to a non-qualified in that regard. It doesn't mean that more business won't shift to investment advisory as it has today, but we want to give them the flexibility to do that. Now, that does require more work on our part. It does require more compliance. It does require more due diligence. It does require more disclosures and documentation for an advisor to do that fully, under the BIC. But we have the ability and the capabilities to support that, and that's what we want to try to do for our advisors as we move forward.
James Michael Cracchiolo: So we see opportunities that will continue as other players either say, "Hey, I can't support this business, and therefore, I'm not going to support activities, like I'm not going to support BIC activities, et cetera for commission-based product," or that we can't do the amount of extensive due diligence, disclosure, documentation appropriate to support advisors, where I think more people may want to come to Ameriprise. Now we're looking for people to come to Ameriprise that will fit our culture, fit our advice value proposition, that really would continue to build in the way that they do business, our brand equity in the marketplace. So culturally, having the right fit appropriate to the quality business that is what we're looking for. So whether they be individual firms or advisors that want to join us, we'll be looking for that over time. And I think there will be opportunities, because as we're showing to you, we have a firm that has a lot of capability. But we're devoting tremendous resources to this. We have anywhere from 500 (40:07) people to 1,000 people working on this DOL initiative right now embedded in our firm, just based on how we're redeploying resources, because the timeframe to get this done is pretty short, and the amount of effort to get it done is pretty significant. So we feel we do have the ability to do that. Many firms will not have that ability or be able to support their advisors to make that change. Remember, advisors have to make these changes across their book, and many advisors have 300 clients to 500 clients. And so, it's a big change for them. And so we have the wherewithal and the capabilities to help support our advisors through that. So if we look at M&A it will be along those types of guidelines that we would continue to pursue firms and people. We also see opportunities in the asset management space. Very clearly this is a consolidating environment. As you can see, flows are difficult across the business, and you really do need larger platforms and capabilities to sustain the type of business, put the product to market, ensure that it's meeting the criteria that firms like ours are going to have moving forward. And we feel that Columbia Threadneedle has a lot of those capabilities, and so we'll continue to look to complement what we have put in place.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yeah, so I would say, I do feel that Ameriprise today is a stronger firm because we have a combination of very strong distribution as well as manufacturing capabilities. Our manufacturing capabilities and the intellectual know how and capability we have actually helps us in many regards to think about how our advisors can work better, products and services that are appropriate for them, and the capabilities even to manage some of those various assets that we deploy. Now with that, let's remember, in our channel, we only sell products consistent with what we offer from an industry perspective. They're very competitive. They operate in the same format, same pricing, same commission structure, everything in that regard is no different. Having said that, we also through our manufacturing have the ability like through Columbia Threadneedle, because we can serve a certain number of people, but to serve more people globally, both retail and institutions and leverage that capability. So I feel like Ameriprise has a number of strong legs to our sort of foundation, and those complement each other over time. I think as we've proven to you, that if you look at our both ability to generate earnings growth, the volatility of our earnings are lower, our return has been higher from a combination of the businesses that we're in. Now we make sure each business is very much focused about what it could deliver and the core value of it. But I feel still even with the changes with the DOL, if you can provide good product, appropriate product, consistent with what needs to be delivered to the consumer end point in an appropriate and beneficial way, then there's no reason why you can't be in those businesses. And remember, very few business today are just pure distributors. Now, you can say, well, in the wealth management, independent space, but they're very tight margins and in that regard, the sustainability of those businesses over time, one can question.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yes, so, very clearly under ERISA, you have the ability to offer and operate with full discretion, with no conflicts, et cetera, et cetera; that is part of the way we do our advisory business. There's also an exemption called the PPA exemption that allows non-discretionary advisor accounts, where compensation paid to the fiduciary advisor is based on assets and its level across. So those are the two exemptions that we will -- or the way operate under ERISA that we think is appropriate, and has various protections appropriate, as long as you satisfy those requirements, and that would be different than operating under the BIC standard, which has its own exemption. So, it would operate a little differently, it takes it out of the idea of a private right of action, as well as you would have under the BIC.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Under the PPA, the answer is yes for services rendered. And that's the way we look at our cost reimbursement for services rendered. And that cost reimbursement would be consistent and appropriate, and then that's different than what the advisor, the advisor will not get various differences in compensation based on product or type of platform they are on in the advisory basis. That would all be consistent in what they get and what they are charged for the administration of those assets.
James Michael Cracchiolo: So, we don't look at it as sort of based on the number or count. We look at it as bringing in quality advisors and their books that would be appropriate for us, and we are recruiting more people that have higher productivity. And we have been bringing on more recently, even, many more $1.0 million-plus producers and teams, so they are finding Ameriprise a good home for them, and appropriate from a cultural and a support perspective. The people we are losing in those attrition numbers are some lower producers that are not hitting some of the standards that we have. It also includes people who are retiring, and moving their books to other advisors. So the assets don't leave, but they are, sort of, moving out, and transitioning their practices, as they have set up successful transition and succession plans that we help our advisors do here. We are seeing some more advisors come back even from the independent space that want more of the support and the value that we can provide to help them build and grow their practices, rather than being just more continued independent that don't get that level of that support out there. I think we will see a continuation of that pickup over time, as more people are evaluating their businesses and their practices. I think even as you move to the RIA space, it is going to be more difficult. All of RA's, including rollovers have to operate under a BIC standard. There's going to be a lot more compliance and supervision out there; the SEC is staffing up to do that. They also made arrangements with FINRA who handle some of the activities they did so that they can focus on more of the advisory space now as that has grown. So, I do believe that people are going to be needing more support. I think the compliance is going to be very important out there, of course, the industry and the liability that people will have will continue to rise.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yeah, so on the debt raise, I'll have Walter comment on that, just because it's part of our capital structure, what he is looking to accomplish, and then I'll come back to the M&A. You want to just...
James Michael Cracchiolo: Now, in regard to the M&A, as we have said to you consistently, so first, let me start by saying that we will continue to look for strategic opportunities, that we have been a very disciplined buyer, and we will continue to be a disciplined buyer out there. That M&A activities will fit where we think that we could either grow the business, scale the business, appropriately get shareholder good return from the business, or continue to help build out in certain platforms and capabilities that we want to continue to grow. I do believe there will be more opportunities coming. Again, that doesn't that we'll just jump at those opportunities, but if the right ones do come past, we will look at them and evaluate them appropriately. We still have the wherewithal, a combination of the cash, more debt that we can actually go out to the market if necessary, et cetera, to do appropriate acquisitions of reasonable size, even small or medium size or even a bit of larger if we really felt that was appropriate. But at the end of the day, we're still going to be a very disciplined buyer, we're going to be very appropriate to what our core businesses are, and what will give us strategic value longer-term.
James Michael Cracchiolo: Yeah, so in regard to the 12b-1s, most of that is a pass-through, particularly in the independent space that we have. The employee is not a pass through. But in that regard, yeah, there will be a piece that the firm has, a piece that the advisor has, but all of that will go away starting January. To the extent that there aren't necessarily 12b-1, share classes that do not have 12b-1, we'll be rebating anything different back. But we will move to more of an institutional share class across our house. Now with that, it will affect some of the fees the advisor has had in that regard, and they're evaluating their practices. They're evaluating the value and the services that they render in that regard as well. And in the firm perspective, we are making adjustments for some of the things that we need to do to offset that from a cost perspective or from a service perspective as well. Now, we feel very appropriate that this is a move across the industry, or will be across the industry. I think a number of players have moved that in some of their books, but will more fully move to that over time. And so we think it is reasonable and appropriate to do that, consistent -- many of the funds that we offer didn't have these share classes up to this point. And so in those cases, we're waiting for some of them to get those share classes, but our date of execution and the platforms we put in place to handle that will be fully operational by the end of the year so that we're allowed – be able to do that. But that's really where we've moved and we will move by January.
James Michael Cracchiolo: I can't speak to their comfort level, or their lack of. What I could say is, listen, by implementing and executing against the BIC, it does require the firm to put more resources to ensure there is a greater level of what I would call both support, compliance, changes to products and platforms, and capabilities there. And then support the advisors and the training, et cetera. And so, an easier way for us to do it as well would have been, "Hey, we're not going to support that" and get out. It would be a lot more efficient for the firm. We'd make a lot more money, et cetera by just people moving. On the other side, some of those clients won't be as served well, our advisors' book wouldn't be as complete for them, it wouldn't be actually helping our advisors achieve what they think they need to achieve from a client. The impact from a client would also be more significant. So, I can't talk to them and their book and the size of their activities and how important this is to them, but we do feel that we want to help our advisors as best as we can. We will continue to help our advisors as they want to do more advisory business. Remember 70% of our fee – our total GDC already is in fee-based businesses, through our financial planning activities and our wrap business, et cetera. And so it's not as though Ameriprise isn't a leader in the advisory business. Having said that, even though this is a smaller part of the business, so you take the 30% and you take only the piece we're qualified which is about half of that or less, we still feel that we want to provide support necessary for our advisors so that they don't disrupt their client activities or have the clients pay more for services already that – for accounts and products that they already offered. So that's what we're doing, I can't speak to other competitors in that regard. And again, we think that we can be in compliance. If we can't, we won't do it, but we feel that we can be in compliance, and where we can't, we will trim the level of activity. But where we can, then we'll help support that, document it, and do it in the appropriate way under the exemption.
James Michael Cracchiolo: I probably, I don't want to speculate on that as a percentage, because I haven't done the complete math on it, but what I would say, it would be a smaller part of our business. Having said that, we also feel like what we're doing here, we will make consistent in the way we operate between qualified and non-qualified. We feel that it would be inappropriate for us to say to a client, hey, in non-qualified, we'll do blah blah blah. But we're not going to do that here, either we'll put it in a robo or we'll service it a different way. So that's all I'm saying is, I think some might say, hey, we're going to pass that through a robo. These are our clients. We value our clients. Our advisors value our clients, and they are looking for holistic value against that from services rendered. And in regard to just dealing with people just in an investment advisory, we love that business. We think that business is appropriate for many clients, but it might not be the perfect solution for all clients, particularly with certain products and services that they may need.
James Michael Cracchiolo: So I will say just one. Because we looked up the LTC reserve, and let me just to Doug. It's, $4.2 billion is the total. Half of that is again reinsured with Genworth. And so it comes down $2.1 billion.
Walter Stanley Berman: Sure, it's Walter. How are you? The primary element that we analyzed was really on the persistency, and looking at -- but that was the one that drove the biggest change in our variable annuities. And basically looking at the patterns of people that were basically taking withdrawal benefits and people – how they were taking them. And so we analyzed that a little further from that standpoint, and that's what led to our conclusion to increase the persistency. That was the primary element. We've been seeing the trend, and this trend with the additional information analysis, that's what drove the persistency element. Obviously we had other behavioral changes, but pretty much netted off. The change on the interest side is we evaluated this, and we basically extended the mean reversion timeframe from the 3.5 years to 5.5 years, and kept our long-term range assumption the same.
Walter Stanley Berman: It was – no, I don't have the specifics on that. I'm not sure we give that out, but certainly we've helped from the standpoint of analyzing and looking at our debt, this is going to deal with the situation from that perspective. I just don't have that.
Walter Stanley Berman: Well, we're still working through it. Obviously, it will have an impact as we deal with the SOP reserve, but it will – from that standpoint it could be over the year, looking at this in the $30 million, $40 million range.
Walter Stanley Berman: It's in the quarter operating, not in the quarter (48:34) because basically, it starts in June 30. So you have it on that basis in our operating around, $8 million to $9 million. And then you should expect to go forward that would be in that range.
Walter Stanley Berman: I do not have what the...I do not have, I will have to get you what the reserves are. Obviously there is about $2 billion on our share of the reinsurance, I just don't have the reserve number.
Walter Stanley Berman: Yeah. The debt was strictly an issuance related to the fact, looking at our capital structure, looking to the call, looking at our maturity ladder. It had really nothing to do with M&A.
Walter Stanley Berman: All right. From our standpoint, we have protection. I am not at liberty to go over them. But the issue is we do have some protections.
Walter Stanley Berman: Well, let me say it this way. Certainly we've worked with Genworth for a long time, and we, as you know, the way we operate on enterprise risk management, that we would look for mitigations, and we feel comfortable with the net exposure.
Walter Stanley Berman: Approximately, if you look at, again, the interest impact. Let me use the word interest, because it obviously impacted LTC. And then obviously the impact is in the area around 45% to 50% of the number.
Walter Stanley Berman: The amount of capital I'm holding right now. I don't want to speculate on a number. But candidly we have -- I'm trying to discern -- approximately over $2 billion. So I have to -- the issue is, again, let me just say, we are evaluating that. I will get you that number. But we are feeling that we are actually, with our situation and where we are on our hedges and everything, it will potentially impact, but we feel that we're comfortable with the number, and with, like you said, this is a long journey on this. We're not so sure where it's exactly going to go where Oliver Wyman is potentially taking it.
