Walter Berman: I think the main thing, if you take at look at why I said it was achievable was because of the expense and the trajectory on the revenue at that time.  Since that time, we’ve seen the market come off and certainly there has been continued impact on the transactional activities.  We still believe it’s achievable within the 11 and 11.5, and we’re just going to move on through it.  The plans are working, and I think coming off the 12 is not really that big a deal when you’re talking about a situation that’s changed as much as it was when I last discussed. 
Walter Berman: Yes, I think your read is right.  I don’t know if I would go as high on second half, but certainly the second half will have an improvement factor. 
Walter Berman: All right, so there is a very marginal impact in ’12, okay, as it relates to the bank.  It was just taking place in the fourth quarter.  And always incorporated in the ’12 was the bank, and really it’s a phenomenon of it’s revenue to PTI relationships, which is quite high because of the net revenue calculation of interest less this deposit base expense that you have on the credit.  I think certainly we have, as Jim has said and we have said, we have momentum and we certainly look at the numbers and give guidance as it relates to the positioning; but the business is in good shape.  It is generating good margin, and we certainly have the fundamentals, we feel, in control.  So I’m not prepared to come up with a number right now, but certainly that would have to be factored because that was actually part of it when we actually came up with the 12. 
Walter Berman: Actually, okay, it’s Walter.  Based on current plans, we would intend, as we indicated in the release, that we would offset the impact and that would presume that, again, depending on the circumstances that we would deploy that. 
Walter Berman: Well as Jim said, the key foundation element is we are managing the expenses.  We’ve done that.  We’re going through the conversion, and the conversion expense will start tailing off in the fourth quarter.  And the other reengineering, we’re getting the improvement in the run rate, so we have a solid positioning on that. The flexibility items or the non-controllable items are the interest rates, as Jim mentioned, which again were at the low point.  If you look back, certainly as we get into the beginning of the year, we thought it would certainly be much higher; and then it’s the transaction, the environment, and the other situation.  So that is—clearly on the controllables, we feel comfortable and we are getting good productivity, and the question is where the markets are and the environment. Again, in asset management, good control of the expenses.  I think performance is excellent, and we are getting traction on the distribution side.  So for the things we control, we’re managing it and I think we’re getting good positioning. 
Walter Berman: It’s around -- figure between around 12% and 15%.  And again, remember it’s coming through now and it’s actually, it went through the situation, it improved, and actually on its current trajectory that, I would say, is the low base of it, and it’s on good positioning to the higher middle teens. 
Walter Berman: Okay, so let me be clear -- it’s our intention beyond the circumstance, it will be over and above.  Again, if you look at -- we talked about neutralizing or trying to certainly offset through the purchase -- utilization of the capital, the earnings that were lost from the bank, so that would -- you should assume, you know, again, we look at the opportunities with the stock and other things of that nature, so we don’t get to any set time frame but certainly we’re trying to be guided by trying to neutralize the impact of the lost profitability associated with the bank.  So on that basis, we gave you the numbers of somewhere between $45 million and $50 million pre-tax, and that, you should assume, is spread reasonably equally over the year. 
Walter Berman: As we start approaching it, we certainly go back and demonstrate to the Board our ability to do that, so we have degrees of flexibility to present to the Board to get additional authorization. 
Walter Berman: Okay, let me start with the second part.  It’s a big undertaking, but I think we’ve done our planning and I think we had the necessary valuations done and operational capabilities put in place.  We are targeting to do that through—once we get regulatory approval in the fourth quarter, and I think we see everything working as of now and we feel confident that it will take place subject, again, to regulatory approval. As relates to capital, it’s a fairly fluid situation, so therefore you’re evaluating it but certainly different signaling from it, if you headed to the various Basel conventions and how it would be applied, it would be a substantial capital impact, because you were a depository-taking institution on the entire institution.  That was certainly where it seemed like it was leaning, and so therefore we looked at this and started evaluating to put in place and ensure that we can provide the capabilities to our customers and do this in the most effective way, and that’s what has taken place.  But we felt it would be a fairly substantial impact on the other businesses that, in some respects, could make us non-competitive. 
Walter Berman: Sure we will.  We have the sweep account where there’s $14 billion.  That obviously creates a substantial opportunity for us as the short rates change.  We also have the certificate company which has about $3 billion, $3.5 billion in it.  It’s been with us, actually, more than I can remember, it got here before I did.  And those are excellent opportunities, and it’s certainly an important product for our customer base. 
Walter Berman: Yes, I just wanted to say we are still going to be offering the services, it will just be through third parties so the capabilities to our customer base is still there. 
Walter Berman: I think, Eric, what we are saying is this when we -- and to be very fair for you, is when we actually gave you the idea of the margins, we were in a certain market situation with the idea that markets would appreciate, okay?  And so to be very honest, as the first quarter, and you’ve even asked the questions that said, well, why are you coming off?  What’s changed in your margin outlook?  And so what has changed is the environment a bit more.  Equity markets have come down a lot.  Volatility has affected flows and client activity, and the same thing in the asset management business.  I mean, we run a lot of equity assets, and so with the market depreciating a bit, it does impact that margin.  It goes right to the margin and the bottom line. So yes, we have adjusted that based on those market conditions.  Also, the effect that those market conditions have on equity flows, I don’t think—again, as we looked at the beginning of the year, I think the whole industry, including us, would say, hey, it looks like equity asset flows are starting to pick up again, that’s good.  I think you have seen just again in the second quarter that flows have really been in fixed income.  And so that exactly is the reason -- fixed income products don’t have as high margins as equity, even if you do get the flows, and the mix does cause a depreciation if the markets are down against the entire -- you know, if we look at the large base of equity assets. In the AWM business, it really is the client activity coming out and the lower interest rates, and so those are the only 2 changes.  So even as I look at third quarter, I think we’ll be in similar type of margin ranges, but the fourth quarter we see, if things just continue to hold, the pickup—because as we said, some of the expenses will go away in the systems that will start to boost the margin in again. So it is very hard to put that as a finite to your point, which is very accurate, that we don’t know the market conditions for the next 2 quarters.  The only thing we can say is based on what we’re seeing today, we hope they will get better; but if they don’t, we are just trying to give you a little better of what that would mean. 
Walter Berman: Okay.  It’s Walter.  Let me start with certainly if you use the S&P, you would say that the market is up 3% on average for the half a year, but unfortunately our asset base isn’t really geared to the S&P exclusively, so we use a weighted equity index and that is actually down.  That’s down 1%, so I think that is part of your delta situation that you have from that standpoint, and that is putting pressure on the margins because you have also had to shift, as Jim said, from equities to fixed, which is there.  And as we also mentioned, this is the first quarter we have the impact of the 529 plan from New York. So we do believe we’re tracking, and expense reengineering and revenue reengineering will be coming through, so we think we are on track.  Certainly the market has been problematic, the mix has been problematic from that standpoint, so we think it’s understandable and we are able to calibrate, and we feel we’re tracking within our expectations. 
Walter Berman: Again, there has been—certainly some of the mandates being funded are less, and nothing that I would say is sizeable at this stage.  But because the market has certainly impacted the level that we had, certainly Middle East mandates come in at a lesser level, and there have been some, there are certainly outflows.  But the issue is at this stage, we’re just tracking it. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Sumeet, this is Jim.  I think overall if we look at the underlying aspects of the AWM business, nothing actually has changed from even a year ago.  In fact, I would probably say that we’ve been able to manage through even a more difficult market with better margins overall, and I think to the end of the year, we continue to see the improvement on the expense side, as we said.  I think the only real change is that the markets are a bit more volatile.  People are a little more concerned as we go out of the year.  Unemployment is a little higher, so as you would imagine, people are holding a bit more cash.  Transactions are a bit down from what we were running at when things started to show the improvement. Interest rates, short-term rates from last year have come down.  I mean, it was 10 million just in the first quarter.  There is a bit more in the first quarter, second quarter was 10 million.  That alone is 100 basis points just in the quarter, and year-to-date it’s probably over 100 basis points.  So those are things that, again, we didn’t fully understand some of the impact of that when we chatted in November, and the change from April really is just due to the transaction revenue.  You’re right that we still think that the second half of the year will be closer to the 12 or a bit over, depending on the quarter, depending on activities.  But as we look out, the bank itself has added margin, and when we take that out, it will adjust the overall margin rate. But one of the things that’s very important to understand in that decision was it does free up a lot of capital, and a capital requirement that would have gone up a lot.  And I think as other institutions that have banking business and spread business in their AWM business, it’s going to be a change from where it was where that margin was not as driven by capital-intensive activities, and that will change.  So we think it was the right decision, and so on a margin-adjusted basis, I don’t think that we’re going to have any concerns to continue to make the progress.  Having said that, it does take a certain amount out of the margin base because the earnings in the bank did contribute to that margin. So I hope that helps to clarify, and I think Walter can lay that out in a little more detail as we go forward. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, as we looked at the pipeline from last year, the pipeline has grown nicely.  Now, I think what has occurred in the pipeline is it’s sort of leveled off based on, again, the market situation over the last quarter or so.  Having said that, it hasn’t fallen, and as we look at the win rates and the percentages, it’s still doing quite well.  Having said that, we do have those redemptions that come in. Now part of the flow situation on the redemptions are things like the VNR fund and things like that, that are in there, part of the Bank of America pension fund activity.  So we had the outflows.  Part of that goes institutional, part retail. I would just say that I think, we’re holding our own in this market.  I think we’re getting more of our product out there with a broader, what I would call a line-up of institutions.  But things do take time, in a sense, to get some of the newer categories that we once did not sell into the institutional pipeline.  Having said that, we don’t see any negative, and as I speak to our institutional sales group, they actually feel pretty good about it.  So I think part of it is timing.  Funding rates as well, I mean, just as in Europe, we were having some good wins institutional, and then some of the funding rates just sort of dry up a little bit or are put on hold.  And so I do believe this environment does affect some of that activity, but I have not received any change from my people as far as what they’re seeing right now.  But the environment does have its effect. 
Jim Cracchiolo: The average production of the people we’re recruiting over the last few quarters has actually been higher than the recruits that we did even previously, and we are finding that they are coming in with larger books of business.  Now, against our entire system, including the averages of the franchisee system, they’re probably in that realm of productivity.  If we look at the employee system, they’re on average a bit higher because, as you know, we still have some of the legacy novices further developing there.  But we believe that the level that we’re recruiting at now actually will give us a nice productivity lift as we continue to move forward raising the average of the employee system and in line with our franchisee system. 
Jim Cracchiolo: You know, as I look at the company today, the thing that I would just say right now is I know we’re in a little difficult market, but when I compare the valuation against other companies, and I look at the earnings, I look at even the continued growth of those businesses over the last number of years and the profitability, I actually think we are undervalued to a large extent, even if I look at the annuity insurance business, based on the quality of that book and that it’s a proprietary book and system, and the returns that we achieve on that. So listen, I think over time it’s going to be recognized.  I do believe we are making the right amount of changes, so there is something that you can say as well, can you take something out of it and sell it, et cetera, and would that change you?  Yes, I think it could, but I don’t think you’d get the right value in this marketplace today, and in some cases it depends on who you sell to, whether you feel as comfortable with what you have in the end because even on the insurance book, you have your obligations out there. So I actually feel what we’re doing will get us to a much more, what I would call less capital intensive mix over time, and the growth that we are seeing in some of our businesses and the capabilities we’ve put in.  You know, if I look at asset management just as an example, I know we look at some of the flows quarter to quarter; but if you go back 2 years and look at what we had and what we have today as an asset management business, it’s materially different and the value we achieve there through that acquisition and integration, we have a great platform today -- a wide mix of product, good performance, wider distribution, international and domestic.  And our AWM business, I would match up against anyone in the growth there over the last number of years, and even the margins and profitability. So our annuity business has held up really well.  Our hedging is good.  We don’t have exposure based on how we actually managed that book and hedged it all through its growth, and our protection book is all proprietary and excellent in that regard.  So yes, we could make some changes, probably not in this environment; but having said that, I think the strategy we have will unlock that value and migrate us to, I think, a bit more of a higher PE business over time.  And as anything else, I think we’re all frustrated a little bit with the market, and so that frustration compounds the activity.  But I feel really good about it, and even though I don’t like this environment, I think it does affect us and I would like the business to show greater levels of growth.  I feel like we’re making, to Walter’s point, what we can do as the controllable to continue to improve the underlying value of the company, and in time maybe it will be recognized. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say as we left last year, based on what we thought may be some good properties out there, I was probably a bit more enthusiastic on the M&A front.  Based on looking at some of those various properties, et cetera, I’m probably not as enthusiastic, as you can see, we haven’t really done anything.  And from that perspective, we’ve been picking up the buyback a bit more and raising the dividend; and as Walter said, we’re going to continue to look at the dividend and the buyback mix.  We have over the last 6 quarters gone from even the idea of what we said about returning roughly all of our earnings to 130% of our earnings, and we’ve sort of picked that up again. So at this point in time, I would probably say we’re leaning more in the return to shareholders rather than the acquisition.  I’m not saying that something might not come along that might be good, appropriate for us strategically or of value; but we do have the capital on hand to do that and still maintain a good level of buyback and dividend increases.  So that’s the way I would probably look at it, and again, it’s always a situation that changes a little bit.  But one of the things that we -- in this market situation with our stock where it is, it’s a good price. 
Jim Cracchiolo: The only business that we’re leaving is the banking business as a depository institution.  So in the bank, we developed the bank, it was a national chartered bank.  It takes deposits as well as makes loans.  Some of those loans, we kept on balance sheet; some we sold off balance sheet, like mortgages, et cetera.  In that regard, if we maintain that legal entity status, we are a savings and loan holding company under the new regulations, and that causes us to be subject as a legal entity to certain capital requirements that go sometimes beyond what that legal entity itself.  So not only do the capital requirements for the legal entity would go up, but it may affect the rest of the institution as well.  And again, the signal coming out in the various capital requirements that you’re starting to see be made public, as we evaluated that fully, we didn’t think it would be appropriate for us to subject the entire entity for the businesses we’re in.  We’d rather have the ability to grow those businesses as they are currently set up. So the only thing we’re changing is that we’re moving the bank charter to a national trust charter so we can still do trust services.  It won’t have the extra capital requirements per se; it’s just for that business, appropriate.  And it gives us the ability to continue to build the businesses as we have in the past.  And so that’s it, nothing else has changed.  We’re not leaving any other businesses outside of the banking business. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Absolutely, because your asset base starts at a lower level and therefore your fees start to be booked consistently from that.  It just doesn’t get booked at the end of the quarter wherever the market ends. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Thank you.  First of all, we appreciate you listening in this morning as well as for your questions.  If there are any other follow-up questions or information that you need, please contact Alicia and Chad and they’ll walk you through or give you some additional information that will help you. As I said, listen, we’re in a fluid situation with the markets, et cetera.  Having said that, I think we’re in a good situation in the underlying business.  I can’t with accuracy predict quarter to quarter, and that’s not my job.  What is my job is to continue to, with my team, keep navigating the environment in a good, strong way, which I think we have been over the last number of years, and we feel good about our ability to do that.  We do see, even though it’s not as apparent, we do see good progress being made in each of the businesses.  We would like to see the flows in the asset management business improve, but I do believe part of it is getting over the hump with the integration, which we have now.  We will still experience some challenges, ins and outs with the flows.  We run a very large business with a number of different venues, but having said that, I think we’re gaining some underlying traction.  I think it’s feeling positive in that sense and we’ve got a solid core now from which we can build. And in regard to our other businesses, I do believe in this environment there’s always concern, particularly around some of the protection-type businesses, but I would say to you that we feel very confident and comfortable with the businesses we have, with the books that we put on, with the client behavior that we have; and we feel particularly based on our capital position and hedging and strategy that we’re in good shape. So thank you and we’ll continue to keep our focus, and if there’s anything else that you may need to know, please contact us.  Have a great day. 
