James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. Very clearly, we have experienced increase in our reserve positions based on developments that have occurred beginning probably in the 2012 period. We have grown the business tremendously over the last number of years. We have expanded in a number of areas. However, we still feel very good about the front end of the business, the affinity relationships, the ability to bring in good clients in a very cost-effective way, but we had to tighten up a number of various areas from the underwriting to more discipline around some particular areas in pricing, et cetera. So we are making those changes. We think that we have the ability to improve that position over time. But we did take the opportunity here to further increase our reserve positions based on some of those earlier trend lines. We don't have perfect information about them. Having said that, clearly, there are opportunities for us to improve. We think that we can make those improvements. We do believe it is -- it continues to be a good differentiated model. And in the future, we -- once we make those improvements and those changes, we can evaluate the business on a go-forward basis.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, no. It is definitely within our visibility. And we are looking to see some improvements in 2015 and beyond. Again, it'll be gradual improvements as we make these changes and they flow in. But we really do feel that this is something that we can get back to a good level of profitability. And as I said, we'll evaluate as we go along, but we are aggressively focused on it. It's unfortunate that we have -- some of these things have blipped up, but it's something that we think we can definitely correct.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think to the point you referenced, there are always a number of factors and you go into a year and not knowing exactly what all those factors are and how the environment is. So we -- and which is actually is quite good is that I think very few firms target at the beginning of the year to return 90% to 100% of their earnings.
James M. Cracchiolo: And so we're doing that, even not knowing exactly how the environment plays out. But as you saw in the past number of years, we've increased that over the year based upon those various circumstances. So if there aren't any real good deals that we want to execute on, we up that buyback. If the market gives us even more opportunity, depending on certain circumstances, we can increase the buyback there as well. So we sort of regulate that. We are still committed to returning strongly to shareholders. We will evaluate again a dividend increase as we always do in the first part of this year. So it's a combination of factors, but I think the positive should be that we're probably one of the highest in targeting that at the beginning of the year based on the total of the earnings, and then we regulate it from there.
James M. Cracchiolo: So we've made a number of changes over the last 1.5 years or so, really, to put together a number of capabilities between the Threadneedle business and Columbia and put together both core products that are managed by the capabilities of both to how we're even doing asset allocation on a global basis and some of the managed type of activities we're doing and the new solutions that we're launching. So very clearly, there's the underlying activities that already made some changes to what we're doing today and how we're doing it, including the ability to share research, the ability to use some of the capabilities of Threadneedle and Columbia combined to build various portfolios and global products. So the combination of the brand gives us an ability, a further ability, to market our products across borders. So today, we're already selling Columbia funds as part of Threadneedle and Threadneedle as part of Columbia. But particularly, as I think about -- as an example, I'll give you the first one, institutional. To go to market better as a combined firm makes it easier to work with global clients. It gives us the ability to talk about more of those products using our institutional sales force together. It also gives us the ability to use the combined resources for products that we're putting in the market and to talk about that in a much more appropriate way. So we do see good opportunity coming from the combination, but we did a lot of work behind the brand already, and we will do continued more work to really leverage the combined capabilities of the 2 firms. So we will launch this in the market in the spring more formally. Now the underlying for retail distribution in the U.S. or retail distribution in Threadneedle won't be as much severe -- significantly impacted. It'll start more from a global positioning, an institutional basis and then, over time, take shape and form in the retail segments.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, we do believe that there is an appetite for this type of product in the retail space today. So it's more of a convenience of a traditional mutual fund with daily liquidity and multiple share classes that will give investors access to Blackstone's Advice multi-strategy perspective that leverage in their underlying hedge fund advisers that they select. And it will combine that with alternative beta strategies and nontraditional assets, including commodities, REITs, inflation linked bonds, private equity managed by Columbia. So the combination, we think, of the types of capabilities that we're bringing to bear put into a wrapper of a retail fund with daily liquidity, we think, will have some appetite as advisors look to diversify their portfolios and get some alternative means based on the market conditions. So I think it gives them a greater access to these alternative type of strategies. It has the combination of benefits of the 2 strong firms and the diversification that they can get from alternatives. So we think it will take shape. We don't think it's something that will wait to see flows over the long period of time. We think there's an appetite there over the course of the year. And hopefully, later in the year, we'll be able to report some of the sales that we're seeing from the product.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think, again, based on the combination of the fund and the makeup, there is a fee structure for the -- as part of the alternative side that will go to Blackstone, and then, there's a fee for the other part of that managed fund that we share, so that we have. And so there's a sharing, truly, of the fee structure underneath it. Of course, with the combination and being on the alternative side, there is a higher fee for that type of product than the normal mutual fund fee.
James M. Cracchiolo: There'll be and there were some incremental cost in the fourth quarter. There'll be some incremental cost in the first quarter this year. But we're not looking at real sizable amounts here. What we are doing is repurposing some of our current marketing and branding costs for the new brand, but there'll be some incremental as you change the various materials and signage and some other aspects of it. So it's something that we think is very manageable, but it will increase, of course, slightly based upon the rebranding. But again, as I said, we think it's the right thing to do that can be leveraged over time.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So first of all, we did -- we do have good growth. We actually have very strong growth in the home side of it. The Auto side has slowed down a little bit. We've made some adjustments over the course. We'll probably adjust a bit more as we go through and put in some of the tighter underwriting and repricing in certain areas. But we did experience some good growth based upon the expansion on some of our channel activity in the affinity area. So it's one of the things that we're closely monitoring right now. We have slowed down a bit of that growth. We might slow it a little more in certain sections where we have experienced some of the blip-up in the exposure. But we do feel like we can continue to add good new clients based upon the relationships that we have, we just got to be -- we're just going to be a little tighter in that regard.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. And I think if you're talking about, like, the REIT area, it's only a couple percent in our total mix of business across the firm. I mean, of course, we have more alternatives that we offer from hedge funds to other types of activities, commodities, various things like that. But I think if you're referencing more of REITs, it's only a couple percent.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I wouldn't think labeling it to get more comfort. I think what we have been saying and what we've actually been seeing is this: we will continue to have some of the type of outflows from some of the things that we've mentioned to you. So as an example, when we made all the pricing changes in the RIA channel, we experienced more of those outflows. That's starting to slow and turn around, and we're starting to see some pickup in the inflow side. For the ex-parent, we experienced more of that, even in retail, initially as things were changed, and now that starting to slow. It'll still be an outflow, but not as material as it was. And we think we can get some new product out there, hopefully, over time, I think, in regard to the intermediary channels, we're actually seeing some pick-up in a few of the areas as we get better penetration in some of the channels and get on some of the platforms. Having said that, I think it's been lumpy. I mean, we saw nice improvement in October and November. We thought it would actually show positive, and then December was a little rough month, I think, for the industry. From a perspective, we still experienced some additional outflows in a particular large fund that we had in the DCO channel that actually sort of masks some of the improvements for some of the other product across the other channels. So I think with the changes we continue to make with the new leadership we have in there, with how we're revamping the way we go to market with our product, with the wholesaling, with the disciplines we're putting in place, we're hoping that we can gain traction with more of our product across more of the channels in 2015. Of course, there's no guarantee. There's market environment. There's -- it is what the consumer is or the intermediary is looking based on market conditions. But we think we have enough good product. We think that we have a good wholesaling capability and platform that we're applying better. We think that we're going to bring product to the market better to talk about what that is and what the solution is and what we can provide. There are some new solutions. We're coming out, like our CARA Fund that I mentioned to you, which is a risk parity allocation fund that we think can take some space. So I think it's going to be a number of things that we can do to gain. But we're still going to experience some of the outflows from some of the ex-parent ongoing, from some of the sub-advisor, from one of the particular large funds we have that will continue to bleed a little bit until we get that fully -- more fully turned around and get some other product in the channel. So I'm not sitting here to predict quarter-by-quarter, but I do feel that we can gain some greater traction. I think Europe can come back again. I think, again, it was in strong inflows. We got hit with a loss of a PM last year, but that has stemmed the tide there. Actually, the U.K., where we lost the PM, that has actually turned around pretty quickly for us. So I think with the ECB doing what they do, that can sort of turn around people's appetite back in Europe. So we'll see. But I got more high hopes for this year, moving better in the trajectory. I can't predict, but hopefully, we'll apply more time and attention and hopefully, we'll get some better results.
James M. Cracchiolo: So Tom, let me correct that. I think we didn't say -- for instance, in the franchise channel, we're bringing in good people but we have good strong margins, very high productivity in the franchise. So the people we're bringing in aren't necessarily of even higher margin than that. I think they're consistent with the type of productivity that we have in the channel. In the employee channel, what I did say is the people we are bringing in have higher productivities and will, over time, add to that margin and will be higher than the average margin. But as Walter said, a year ago, that margin was in the low single digits. We ended last year with it being now about 10% or so. And as we add even more productive people and utilize the capacity we have in the employee channel for better productive people, that margin will continue to accrete.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. Right. And then the franchisee channel, just as we continue to bring in good client flows and good productivity and our advisor productivity increases, then that will help with the margin there because that's a very large channel. It's a very productive channel. Most of that will come from the productivity improvements continuing in that channel and the use of some of our capabilities to help them do that.
Walter S. Berman: I think it's certainly with the headwinds that you talked about, it will be muted, especially if you look at facing the fixed annuities coming out of lapse, coming out of surrender. So you would see that we've made the adjustments on the rate, but we will see increased lapses there. And so I would say, yes, it would certainly be less robust, with the factors you referred to.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. As we talked about, certainly, as we vintage on the employee channel and certainly, productivity and improve that, we do. If you look at the 2 models, certainly, from that standpoint, it would -- we see employee channel increasing, and it has doubled from last year as we look. And we have seen improvement, and I do anticipate some improvement. But again, interest rate is certainly a factor, and certainly market will influence, but we are getting good productivity improvement.
Walter S. Berman: Again, yes, I do. As -- again, we're talking environmental and other things, yes. But those into consideration, yes, we are making progress.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, I think it's from the standpoint, again, on it's not so much the long-term rate. It's going to be the grading. And so it's a start point where you are then the grading from there, which will be the implication. I think the long-term rate, again, we think are -- we're using is appropriate. But we will then have to assess, just like we will now, the start point of where the rate is. And then, what we do anticipate the long-term grading, depending on which product you're looking at. Obviously, the long-term care has a very long window. Others have less. So and -- so that would be the balance sheet impact. The other thing is the reinvestment, returning over, most of about 25% a year. So as we reinvest, that's going to have a bit of a drag on it.
Walter S. Berman: What we did is basically we reset it, obviously, to the June rate. And then we just basically readjusted the grading and slowed it down. We kept the long-term rate the same, but we readjusted down, which, of course, it did not hit the original target we thought that we set in 2013. So we did take that unlocking. And then we just graded it up basically more looking at, from our standpoint, the situation, which was a little slower on grading up.
Walter S. Berman: Well, I would say, it's current yes [ph] because obviously, we make a profit. So we'll take a translation there, if that's what you're referring. That's with the translation. That is the majority of the exposures in -- is out of the U.K. Obviously, there are some offsets, but it is certainly -- it would impact a PTI asset.
Walter S. Berman: Well, the dollar strengthening is, again -- the pound is moved from -- last year, it was somewhere in the $1.60s and now it's in the $1.50s. So on that basis, it -- I think we talked about last year, it has impacts that are certainly manageable at this -- it's in the, I would say, on the translation basis, it's probably in the $10 million, $15 million range if you drop the -- when you dropped it down. Actually, on that drop, you're probably talking in, say, around $20 million.
Walter S. Berman: Sure. So let me break it out. The first one, obviously, is going to be on DAC. And when we set our DAC rates, the rates back down were in the $250 million range. Now you -- the start point is in $170 million as we look at, and we are grading up. So that's going to be one impact we are constantly monitoring and so that will have a noncash impact. When we look at locking in the third quarter or if we see this situation, we have to unlock earlier. As it relates to the long-term book with the fixed annuities, it is more on the -- we reset on the guaranteed minimum rates and so this space is just the earning rate, and the earning rates on both that and life and health would be impacted because of the duration of the situation as we turn it over. So like I said, it's about 20%, 25%. And on that basis, you're talking about 40, 50 basis points in differential as we look at it on average as you go through it. So that's the sort of activity levels they see. The numbers themselves are manageable. It's just we are defensive, and in a defensive posture there, and it will have an impact, but the impact is manageable than the number. But it...
Walter S. Berman: In the current legislation, that's exactly what happens. We also are deriving the DRD benefits, as you saw. But again, the tax rate's associated with the AWM business and the asset management business don't have some of the benefits that are derived, so therefore, they're at the more marginal, the statutory rate. So yes, it will erode, but again, it's good profitability.
Walter S. Berman: Well, right now, it is a small percentage of, obviously, our revenue and profitability. But again, it's coming from REITs, and we've talked about, from our standpoint, it's -- that we have not suffered the same situations, obviously, as certainly looking at the quality and what we bring on and our, basically, compliance processes. So with -- from that standpoint, it is important part of the solution set with our clientele and certainly go through a very elaborate due diligence process to ensure that. And like I said, the revenue contributions is under 5%, it's like 3%. So it's an important solution area and it adds value from that standpoint, and it's about the 3% range.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. I think what we're doing right now, we're in contact with Genworth as it relates to their announcements and other things like that because they do all the claims and the administration aspect. They feed the information to us. And obviously, we do -- we're aligned on that information. We certainly are trying to do our own checks on it. But we, based on their reviews, we're cooperating with them to get really the performance aspects they've seen, both from claims and other -- to revalidate. As they looked at what they evaluated for their block, how that is applicable to ours, and so we are working with them just to get the additional information as it allows us to do the actuarial assessment.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. I understand that. Yes, we think the risk factor is actually very contained because, again, it's small overall. But the reality is we have our own checks and we've been looking at it from our standpoint. There's different characteristics of our block versus theirs. So we do believe this is a precautionary element to make sure that we are aligned. Again, they're making a major announcement that they did make some changes to their actual assumptions. We felt it was prudent to work with them to get that applicability to our block. They did not do it. And again, it's our block and their block. It's a shared block. So it is really precautionary, but we believe it's very containable, and it's not a significant amount, if any.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, we're obviously dependent on their time, effort and everything, but yes, we are hoping to have that within that timeframe.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, on the second question. From the standpoint of the marginal contribution, from a PTI standpoint, for the experienced advisors in the franchise and actually in the employee channel are higher than, obviously, the 19% and our current margin employee channel. So yes, that is accreting on the -- based on the correlated expenses that we associated with that -- with bringing on experienced advisors.
Walter S. Berman: Number one, if we reinstate [ph], again, depending on both -- as we do the price risk assessment and then you deal with the states that -- within theirs, that we will certainly -- we are looking then to get that ratio. As we have had -- we filed in '14, we had rate increases on Auto of close to 3%. And this is now being evaluated state-by-state. We're using the models that we're bringing up. So the rate increases are going to be a very off. So I couldn't really give you an average as it relates to, because you're getting into weighting again to everything from that standpoint. So the reality on shrinking the book, I don't think the book is going to shrink. I think we're going to more intelligently manage through the application of the sophisticated models and the other things that we do from an operational standpoint and just extract the better pricing risk return from it. So that takes time, as Jim said. It just doesn't -- it takes time to work through, both the analytics as we roll it, the filings and then the realization of it.
Walter S. Berman: It's too -- because they basically just started through rolling the stage now, and those will progress and they're focusing on Auto and then rolling through on Home. So I can't give you, really, the rate increases that will take place because they have to do the analytics for each one and then evaluate it on that basis, both looking at the new and then the existing block.
