Walter Berman: Yes. Suneet, it's Walter. That will be approximately, in total, about $120 million. The $54 million will move to $120 million for the interest rate in AWM on the short-term.
Walter Berman: Yes. Execution will be difficult in this environment. So we're at pause. Our certainly our desire to do that is there, and we would just wait until the environment allows us to do that.
Walter Berman: Alex, it's Walter. Yes, obviously, the bank is still in a margin a marginal situation as it's beginning to take hold. Certainly, I can tell you that from the activities that we saw, we started to invest substantially from the bank at taking advantages of the spread income. So we anticipate that the bank will be making a more significant contribution going forward, but still in a measured basis. So right now, it's just early to say as we move through it, but the margin is quite strong. Obviously, interest margin is quite strong. But we did take advantage of this situation to improve that by making some investments with some pretty large spreads as we move through. And we are certainly focusing more on the bank as we move through the year and go beyond that.
Walter Berman: Yes. So this is Walter. So as I previously indicated, certainly, we are evaluating. We do believe still, as we look at it, it is still aberrational from that standpoint. We'll certainly take a deep review in the third quarter. One of the things, it is a couple of hundred million dollars, as I indicated. But I just want to make sure we all understand. Yes, that is a couple of hundred million dollars, but that has no impact on our excess capital as we evaluate that. And so we will be taking a look again and evaluating it. But again, no impact to our excess capital.
Walter Berman: That would actually yes, that would be if you take a look at moving that both on the glide path and on the interest rate. So we'll be looking at both those items that have been raised and that we previously discussed.
Walter Berman: Look, right now, as the actuary has evaluated that we certainly look, as you saw the spread really increased, so that threw while the treasury went down, the spread went up. So you throw a multitude of factors going in. So those are all the things they are taking into consideration. And certainly, we will be taking a deeper dive look as we head into the third quarter to reassess that. But there's still a lot of aberration going through that, but.
Walter Berman: Yes. That again, that is certainly, we will get an offset as we shift the assets onto the balance sheet, and we start getting in the spread income as it relates to because right now in the sweep accounts it is module profitability based on the Fed taking it down to 0. But certainly, we have some profitability there. But that is one of the advantage we will have with the bank as we move and we start getting the spread coming through diversified investment and loan investment portfolio there. And we've already saw that some of that advantage starting to take hold as we invested in at the end of the first quarter investing into April. And the majority of that is on again, pretty much there is close on the $120 million. It's I would say that it has a factor within it. But it's we do anticipate benefits coming from the bank as we move through 2020 and forward.
Walter Berman: Okay. Right now, we're getting some coming in. It's actually been small. We're talking to maybe about or less than 10% of the balances are asking for that. And but you got to remember, the portfolio is extremely strong using the fundamentals, as it relates to loan-to-value at 46% and looking at a debt coverage, which is achievable. Leverage coverage was 2.6. So this is a portfolio we've been long time. But we are seeing some. But again, strong fundamentals, and we are working with them, obviously. But we do not anticipate a significant cash flow issue at all at this stage.
Walter Berman: It's Walter. I will just add to what Jim said to your question about savings. Yes, we certainly would anticipate gaining savings as it relates to T&E and of our aspects of printing and on that basis and potentially real estate. So it really does afford us a process reevaluation. Of course, we have been so effective in working from home. And so I think that's what Jim has asked us to evaluate, but there's certainly potential.
Walter Berman: This is Walter. I'll just add to Jim. Because he covered pretty much it, we always, to your point, are very focused on ensuring that we have process and improvements that relate to reengineering opportunities. And as Jim said, we just with this change heightened that and that's really so what we're feeling that we are certainly focusing on that category to ensure that we are effective and are protecting margins too from that standpoint to the degree we can too, OK? So it is really a major focus on the part of the firm.
Walter Berman: Sure. And certainly, from our standpoint, we have evaluated our coverage both from a protection standpoint and also looking at some of the benefits that you derive in the other products. The one thing to keep in mind is, 75% of our mortality is reinsured. So we have a substantial benefit. And we've looked at all the aspects of the protection, annuities, long-term care offsets, the impact to us is minimal. And when we've done evaluations on and as it looks at if there's 100,000 deaths, a couple of hundred thousand deaths, we so we feel very comfortable with our proactive approaches and the way we've managed that.
Walter Berman: So Andrew, it's Walt. Let me take a shot. So we previously have been certainly positioned in floaters from a mortgage back-floaters and things. But what we did is we really heightened that when we saw that we there was a huge opportunity to get spread with high-quality paper. And so we invested a substantial amount in basically fixed-term that was giving us benefits that were giving us 300 basis point spreads. And so we were feeling comfortable about that. And we deployed money as it relates to that. So and yes, the majority of the money is coming from certainly sweep. But some money is coming just coming into the bank from our clientele. So yes, I think it gives us a good opportunity to really get spread income, especially when the sweep accounts are really now dropped to minimal, minimal earning rates from Fed funds.
Walter Berman: We always, as we've mentioned to you, we feel like and that's what we explained to you through the discussion we had at the end of last year at our community meeting that we are we do have a good hand. We've made a lot of improvements. We got good product. We've enhanced our distribution capabilities, our technology capabilities. And so we're continuing on that path, and we feel good that we can continue to make good progress there. Again, I do believe that you will find that sometimes when you have dislocations, people realize that maybe there are some other things they should look at, maybe consolidation will continue to occur in that light. So we have capability. We've been one of the few firms that have successfully acquired and integrated. We know that we have that capability. At the same time, we're not looking to rush out to do anything right now, we don't need to. We have a good but we have flexibility in case something comes along strategically. That can be a compliment to what we have. So we're just looking. And as we said, we feel good about where we are. We feel good about how our capital situation, but also our earnings. So but if something comes along down the road that makes some sense, we'll look at it. But right now, we really don't have any impetus to want to drive to something at this point in time unless it really fits neatly.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Suneet, I think what we would say is, we think we could still sort of track to what the ongoing earnings formula will look like and be in range of what we've done in the past in that regard. So I think again, it's hard to predict just based on the environment. But I would say, we feel very comfortable with both the excess capital position, the cash flow generation and the earnings stream that we have coming about. So I think you could calibrate from there, probably still in the range of the 90% to 100%.
Jim Cracchiolo: So I think, as you saw, we were able to put a good group of recruits on board, 80 in the first quarter. Our pipeline looks good. I mean as you went through the moving to work-from-home and what everyone had to do in the industry, including competitive frame, it sort of disrupted that a little bit. But we were able, very quickly, to move to virtual. We are operating 100% really from that perspective in that regard, including from a recruiting environment. We have good engagement with potential recruits. And so that's working well. Having said that, you're still taking people and then moving in this environment. And so with the volatility, as you said, things slowed down a little bit. But the pipeline looks good, and it's more of what people feel comfortable making a transition. But longer-term, we found after these environments, people do look to come to a strong firm. They do look at a firm in how they've operated through an environment like this. And we feel very good about the value proposition as well as the interest. So we feel like that could pick up as things settle down, as we've been active in the marketplace. Regarding our flows, we've had very strong client flows in the first quarter, including through March. And that those flows continue in April. Of course, they were always a little bit higher in January and February, but they maintained at a very good level through March and into April. So we still feel good about the flow picture.
Jim Cracchiolo: Though we see strong interest in both, we still see it in the employee channel because of the type of arrangements that we have here, the support they get, all of the enhanced benefits that they're very used to both in our employee model and a franchisee model. And we're actually seeing independence as well as some RIAs come back because of the really enhanced value proposition that we provide even into our franchisees. And so they get all the benefits that they would have gotten if they were an employee in a certain respect of the type of support, the branding, the technology, even the onboarding, which is done in a very comprehensive fashion based on how we support them and set them up. So I would just say that our value proposition is playing quite well right now as people are realizing they need more than just to associate with an independent channel or just that they could buy services out there from an independent channel. So we're finding from both ends that the interest is quite strong, and these are the people that we are attracting.
Jim Cracchiolo: So I think we and all of the businesses are really reviewing this now. And so our philosophy and our principles will be that we are guiding the health and safety of all our people. We've been able to work remotely with no disruptions and really support our client activity really well. Having said that, as you would imagine, some people want to get back to work. Some people would like to engage a little more face-to-face. And, therefore, we are looking at sort of a phased approach for reentry, and that phased approach will be really triggered by every one of the states individually, and locales individually, of what they feel is appropriate and safe as far as people reentering the workforce. And then all of our facilities are being set up so that they can accommodate that on a gradual reentry basis. So I can't sit here and tell you it will be 100%. What I could say is that things, as they improve in the locales where we do business, we will start reentry on a gradual basis, a phased approach. I think in the end, we're finding that there are some things that where people can work remotely quite well and may want to do that on a balanced equation, in which case, we can accommodate and maybe over time move more to virtual that we're also reviewing based on the way we can do business. We have excellent technology capabilities. We're all set up in the cloud. And so our environments are able to accommodate that and enhance the way people operate and doing it that way. So I think we'll see over time that probably 100% of what was, where we were, even though we had flexibility in work-from-home, we'll probably get more so as businesses move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Let me start, and then I'll have Walter complement it. So the our business, as you saw, is performing quite well. We have really good client engagement and activity, and we would like to continue to keep that focused. We've made some really good investments, as we told you over the last few years, and particularly, we had accelerated some of those last year that we've sort of completed, which was great. The timing was excellent for us. And as you saw in the first quarter, overall for the firm, our expenses came down and actually looked quite good and tight. And even in AWM, where we were making some of those expenses, the actual expense rate ex the bank was only up 2% with 9% revenue growth. So we are now what we're doing is, as Walter said in the last question, we have tightened up, as you would imagine, things like T&E and all that stuff, discretionary programs, things that don't make sense in this environment that will give us savings. My team and I are already working on what other reengineering opportunities. But we are also looking to protect the staff. We don't want to reduce staff due to the pandemic, and we have good people. And as long as they're really productive, which we are driving in a sense of what we can do, we want to keep and maintain that. But we've restricted new hirings, additional hirings, etc. We've looked at everything that is more controllable on a case-by-case basis, and we'll continue to do so. And based upon how things are playing out, even including to the last question, we see opportunities that we could reduce expenses going forward. Now with that, we'll always work to enhance our reengineering processes, which we have in place. But the tax benefit does give us a little more leeway and that was what it's for relief on, so that we can maintain our staff levels a bit more at the same time that we work through this pandemic. So we feel really good, but we will control expenses tightly. But we will try to maintain the flexibility so that we don't have to hit the staff levels, which I think would be really positive because we have a good business, and we have good people.
Jim Cracchiolo: So Andrew, thank you for asking that. It is one of if you looked at the quarter on a relative basis to a lot of our the competitive frame that's been in close to $10-plus billion of outflows in the quarter for some number of them. We were quite good. And the main outflow for us was really in a very low fee account, just like a few basis points, and some ex parent activity, which we usually get from the insurance book. But if you looked at the improvement, as I mentioned in the January and February, we were strongly nice in net inflow. And then with the extra redemptions in March, and those redemptions sort of have slowed now that the market stabilized a bit, that you're going to see when the markets get more volatile like that people start to reallocate or go to cash. The sales through April are opening up quite well on a consistent basis, which is real positive, and we're good about that. And our institutional, we have some good product that there has some interest in. So we feel still good about this. This is one that we're not taking our foot off the pedal here. We feel like we got good product to sell out there. And our product is performing well in many categories. So no, we're hoping that this will continue, and that's really been our focus. And you can you sort of track that improvement over the last number of quarters. And even with the dislocation that has occurred, you can even look at our outflows compared to the industry, which are quite improved. And on a relative basis, quite good. So that's where we're going to continue to maintain the focus. We think the team is doing a good job of keeping that focus even in this environment where people are working from home.
