James M. Cracchiolo: The department of labor as you know, there is hundreds and hundreds of pages and there are level of areas [ph], exemptions et cetera. So we as the industry are shifting through that to fully understand what they are looking to accomplish and with that how you can continue to work with your clients against their needs that they have. Explicitly within, from what we have been able to reach so far there are certain things excluded, like things like REITs et cetera that they wouldn’t sold and qualified accounts. In our business REIT as an example makes up a very small percentage of what we do and we have the ability, as an example since we work more holistically with the client, if that’s still a need we could probably deal with it by offering it in the non-qualified section of their investment asset.  So there are certain things like that that they are saying at the outset are precluded. Many other products like mutual funds et cetera, there are exemptions for as long as you have appropriate disclosures et cetera as we are currently reading it, but it’s still too early to really tell, and I think, us and many other companies across all the industries in financial services who deal with retirement will be in some way affected by it and what we want and I think many of the companies in the industry and the associations want is that we are able to continue to work with clients as their needs are requiring and appropriately do so.
James M. Cracchiolo: That’s correct, we have been factoring in the actual claims and looking over the full life of it, we have been doing that, so there was no -- including the upper elements like you said termination and price increase and other things that go into it, and we felt that reserve is adequate.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, again as we said first of all, I think relative in the industry we are probably one of the best prepared to deal with fiduciary because we are very actives fiduciary in much of our client activities today under the SEC standard. I think what I have mentioned in my opening remarks was that this establishes a third standard, and so with a third standard, of course, you are going to have additional compliance and figuring out how the third standard works perfectly with the first two standards and we are hoping that the regulators and the people who are over sighting this appropriately would take that into account and figure out how the regulations wouldn’t be overly complex to deal with, and that would be appropriate and operate with each other in an appropriate fashion.  So having said that I think that’s yet to be determined and I think that’s part of the work that needs to be done. But having said that as with any regulatory change of this extent there is going to be increased level of compliance and increased costs to get those things implemented and executed. So I would definitely say that there will be increased compliance costs. On the other side I would say at least today Ameriprise already operates with much of the compliance and supervision. We have the compliance resources already in place, but it will still increase the levels and so what you are doing now is a bit different and applies in a more special fashion to this particular activity.
James M. Cracchiolo: So there was, to Walter’s point of two fewer, three days that did impact the PTI that he gave you the numbers on. What I would say is a level of volatility, also a level of weather. It’s hard to break that out and clarify it but as you would imagine January was also a very difficult weather month for many parts of the country. That would have impacted advisors as well as how they served the clients. So we don’t necessarily put that in, we just saw that activity did slow a bit in the first quarter, not so much. We saw it come back stronger in February and March but January was the slowest of the months.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, again it’s hard to say exactly what it would derive in the end. As I said it’s very important to know both the intended and the unintended consequences of anything of this substantial. And let’s remember there is a $100 million Americans being served here by all types of companies, well they be distributors or manufacturers, all types and remember it covers every one of these. So if you are selling any product into a qualified account and yes, so it’s not just relevant for someone who has a financial advisor, it could be direct players, it could be product companies et cetera and so I think one of the things that we, the industry and many of other participants in the associations are looking at is what are those activities and does it qualify [ph]. So yes you can have additional disclosure, the question is it’s unclear if you have that disclosure if you work and operate within the exemption rules, what that may result in and of course those are things that are undetermined at that this point in time. But again it’s like that with any regulatory change, we work through it, we figure out what those things are appropriate and we ensure that we supervise against it. But we have to get clear on what that exactly is. 
James M. Cracchiolo: What we do is when we are reviewing is, we realized that we were using a rate, discount rate was lower than our asset earning rate, that’s pretty much used in the industry, so we basically adjusted that little over than our asset earning rate to be aligned with the industry. Then on the proportions, you should figure it out on that basis it’s about somewhere near around $15 [ph] million. And the same thing was applicable to our GI [ph] because the accounting was treated the same way and we took that one, that discount rate up obviously it’s less than the long term care because of the length of duration of investment.
James M. Cracchiolo: But Alex to the point reference I think again it's another product, a type of alternative product et cetera that should only be a small part of anyone's portfolio and that's the way we utilize, our advisors utilize it with their clients and it just complements some of the income streams that they are looking for. So as again I mean it's only a few percent for us in our total activities and you know if that was to change and I don't think it would be that material to us and we would look for other products that would satisfy those similar objectives.
James M. Cracchiolo: I would say that we have a strong part of it, probably majority, a little over majority of where we do operate in a fiduciary standard, with the assets that we have. I mean we mentioned that there is a 180 some odd billion of assets under management there, those are all within a fiduciary. We also provide financial planning and advice complement to that against the entire client’s portfolio activities. And so I think it’s a reasonable portion of what we do already today, and it’s a growing portion, as our advisors continue to look at more holistically how they help their clients satisfy their objectives.  So again I think we are well situated for any continuing and we were very supportive with the SEC move to one larger fiduciary standard that would be more appropriate in how firms like us and others should operate. The question is when you get a combination of three different things going on, which we operate into both the fiduciary standard under the SEC, the FINRA standards for brokers and commission-based activities, now you overlay in a third standard and that’s really the complication of how all those three work together and what role each regulator plays and how they play it.
James M. Cracchiolo: So I think what -- so let me answer the first one. I think what we saw and again I can’t say it was something abnormal, is we saw a number of institutions that we won mandates and we thought that they would fund within the first quarter, as we were predicting from the fourth quarter but because of the level of volatility that was experienced during the first quarter, as you saw our interest rates back going down and then backing up and in fact down again, people put a number of those things on hold, so to speak.  They didn’t say they were changing what that is, they just said that they were going to fund them a bit later. So I do believe that we expected a bit more of that come in in the first quarter and will come in over the next few quarters we think because no one has changed what they are looking to do, it’s just the timing of them doing it. And so again, we still feel good; the pipeline is as strong as ever, our win rates are good. So nothing has changed from what we were seeing in the ‘14 period other than the timing is what I am getting from our institutional business.  In regard to how we would like to grow that, very clearly we have a large institutional business today it’s not as though we are not looking to continue to grow the retail. It’s just that we think there are a level of activities, as we now have a more global platform we are working with between Columbia and Threadneedle, we are increasing the number and level of activity that we do, not just here in the States or in UK and Europe but to the Sovereigns, to Middle East and Asia and we think overtime, particularly as we add solutions and that could be a growing part of the business.  Now with that if you can grow that institutional business a bit more there are good margins if you can get continued scale in a number of those product mandates which we think we can. So I don’t think that, that would lower our margins. I think it actually would be complementary for us, and leverage a bit more of the infrastructure and investment teams we already have.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I think as we look at the third party yes, we would and I think Walter mentioned that of the institutional outflows we experienced $1.8 billion, and one was almost the billion from Liverpool, Victoria [ph] which is one of the large insurance mandates that we have, that was just a few basis points and it was appropriate for them as they did their reallocation from it, but they already gave us a nod to some other product that we already have, that they will be funding over the next few quarter at a much higher fee rate, that would more than offset that loss.  Zurich [ph] is the typical -- Zurich activities again basis points. So what we are looking at is for the third party business to be an inflow this year consistent with what we are seeing as a trend line last year and that's what we are still calling for at this point.
James M. Cracchiolo: So recruiting continues to very good for us. As we said we added 77 new people. They were very good productivity in both channels. We are seeing higher levels of productivity from the people that we're recruiting and the pipeline continues to look good for us. We are getting, probably of the mix, I think a bit more has gone now into the employee platform and we continue to do, probably relative basis, based on the production we're bringing in. So I would say it's probably 50-50, but we are getting very strong production increases and very good ones into the employee channel.
James M. Cracchiolo: So you are correct in how we are regulated by FINRA, on the rep business that we do as part of the broker dealer and commission-based activities but as an investment advisor we were managing client's money under an ADV, under the SEC we are an investment advisor and therefore we have to and we are governed under the fiduciary rule to operate in the best interest of our clients, rather than a suitability role.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, so our advisors operate under our investment advisory charter with the SEC. They are both, they can work in both standards because of how we set up our compliance and based on the activities that they currently do, we supervise them appropriately and we ensure that for each one they operate with the correct supervision and compliance and meet those standards.
James M. Cracchiolo: What Walter has mentioned is last year we had those assets. A part of that team left and therefore we suffered a level of redemptions in the first few quarters of last year. That has completely slowed. We have part of that PM build back for person who were there in part of the team and we have added more resources. So that’s working well now. What Walter was talking about is the year-over-year effects on the redemptions that occurred a year ago.
James M. Cracchiolo: I think what Walter mentioned, I think is a very fair thing. It's again you know we look out for the next periods or two and we are saying we'll get from the 64 to 70. I actually believe overtime again as we continue to grow these businesses that we are investing in, it will be much higher than 70% overtime, not because the insurance and annuities aren’t good businesses but again they are only a part of the solution set that we only market as part of our client base. Asset management we're looking to grow more fully, external to our own channel as well as in our channel. So there is a growth beyond that if we are successful. And then the advice and wealth management business as example we look at holistically managing more client assets with more advisors and so it's just natural that it will be a part of that solution set but it's not going to be the majority of that solution set.
Walter S. Berman: Okay, well, number one the information on the claims reserve is supplied by -- based on information supplied by Genworth. If you look at the active, there are many assumptions that go into it and including claims that we have been managing and evaluating over time [indiscernible] and we also factor in terminations, factor in price increases over longer term. So we feel that reserve is actually adequately looked at it and looked in the light of the situation information we have gotten from Genworth. So we felt the only adjustment that was needed was in the claims reserve.
Walter S. Berman: You are right, it doesn’t impact margin, but doesn’t impact PTI and again we do believe there was too few days were aligned with the activity we have seen in the industry and we do believe that we are on track and we should recover as again markets and things of that nature.
Walter S. Berman: No, it's Walter, you should expect the G&A to stand in that range. Certainly we will gauge it depending on the environment, but certainly we have a focus on scope [ph] providing to our clients, but we are very focused on maintaining the G&A, so that's a reasonable range. It could 1% or 2% but it -- certainly we are very conscious of the G&A management. And on the slowdown it is in insurance and it is in other parts, non-traded REITs but it is something that we believe in the latter part we will see a pickup and we do believe the volatility, like I said it was industry aligned and we anticipate that we will see improvement going forward.
Walter S. Berman: I would tend to say, I would look more on a total year basis, quarterly you get your seasonality coming through.
Walter S. Berman: I think the margin is that rate which is again we're talking about a pretty high rate, in the high 30s, almost 40% and yes, we are feeling the impact like we talked about the U.S equity that’s flowing off from the UK and the Acorn, so there is some pressure but I think the margin will stay in that range.
Walter S. Berman: Sure. It was in the VA and the REIT line, non-traded REITs and with the non-traded REITs we believe it's timing because there are new regulations out about disclosure, which we are working through with our advisors which we believe in the back half of the year we will pick up on that.
Walter S. Berman: Okay, if you look at our track record and non-REITs is only the diligence we put through it and the returns it’s giving to our clients, the non-traded REITs are an important part of retirement, it well, it has liquidity elements which are certainly fit in to our time and aspect to it, it gives a return characteristic that's quite good. And so I think again we have to study it, there is as Jim said we have different elements we can put in but it’s an important product and it's worked very well for our clients.
Walter S. Berman: Eric it’s Walter. I think may be, let me clarify it, when I said U.S., it is U.S. Equity they manage a fund that was called U.S. Equity Fund that the -- basically the team left when we had run off, that was what I was referring to. It was for -- there are the PMs for the U.S. Equity Fund that they sell overseas. 
Walter S. Berman: Last year the team left and we have been building back teams, hence we had basically redemptions which we talked about.
Walter S. Berman: Again we are sifting through the 700 pages but from our early read on this, there are exemptions as consistent with any other product sale, including for products that have revenue share and et cetera, that you can meet those exemptions and they are allowed. We fully today, just [ph] and clarity on this is part of the importance of what we already do, is to meet the various standards of both FINRA and the SEC today, we sell our product like every other product on the platform and let’s say our mutual funds compensations, exactly the same. There is no different incentives, there is no different fee arrangements and what we charge in the various loads and non-loads et cetera. So we feel very comfortable that Columbia product as an example can continue to be sold as with our annuities. The only question on the annuity front, as one had raised is can they be allowed in non-qualified and in qualified accounts? And we think again, I think if you are thinking about things with living benefits and those guarantees that are very important for the clients who get assured income in the future. So again those might be very much allowed with the exemptions as appropriately done. So we don’t have a concern about the proprietary and different than any other products sold on the platforms. And remember, Ameriprise even though we have a large advisor base, whether they be direct players, all those platforms and they have their own product on them, or even any one of the other houses, all have the similar mix of products. Some of them are proprietary, some of them are networked [ph] in, but again everyone would have to meet similar standards. We feel very comfortable because we fully disclose everything today as we should and there is no variation in how we market or sell them.
Walter S. Berman: Well, I would say, again we have a nice mix that we would like, to your point and very, very clearly would like to grow the portion that’s non-living benefit and we think there is very good value for that including with the benefits from a tax perspective for a client, and also the type of product in there to generate income, that’s tax beneficial. And so we would probably again just gear more of that as we do today, to the non-qualified portion of the clients’ accounts.  One of the things that I think we continue to look at is we don't just serve qualified separate from non-qualified. We look at holistically how we help a client achieve their retirement, their income level that they need, of the allocation of their various assets that's tax preferred versus not, those are all real value clients get from working with advisors. It's like if you remove an advisor, it’s like removing any of the professional you may work with, you could so treat yourself for medicine or doctor or even your tax attorney or your lawyer but it's not advisable.  Part of helping clients is not just that they can get a product that is low cost, the issue is how do you use that product, when do you put in when do you maintain it, the biggest issues with loss of assets is the individual behavior around managing those assets. So they get frightened at the wrong time, they invest at the wrong time. They don't look at it and they write probably in more objective fashion because there's still a lot of behavior motion involved. So we think, again we understand what the DOL is looking to achieve, we hope and just want that to be in the best interest of clients. We just want to make sure that clients can be served as best as they can. We think a holistic way of doing that would be continue to be very beneficial, but I think the industry is going to have, as they go through this as you'll find each industry participant will be impacted in some way and will have to deal it.
