James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. Nigel, we already have operation formally set up out of Luxembourg. We already have a reasonable portion of our fund lineup on the CCAP format that is distributed throughout Europe. So, what we're going to do, we have a process already in place for what we've established so far, that we'll just build out that line to be a full complement to the line that we offer in the OEICs, and that's already going to be underway. So, we'll have plenty of time and ability, depending on what the final outcome is of the referendum and the decisions made between the UK and the EU, for our clients to move into the new format, if that's the most appropriate for them as they move forward. And so, we've done it before. We actually have that in operation already, so it's not something that we have to newly establish.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we probably have about 25%, that would be the non-UK. But of that already, we have almost 60% already in the non-UK, the CCAP format. So, it's really the difference. So, we're probably talking about $5 billion, that's more in – that could be moved to the CCAP, if that's what was necessary.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we are moving to – as we highlighted previously, we're moving to institutional share classes; where there aren't any, it will be a load wave of A Class. But in that regard, we'll have that orchestrated as we move to a complete new account structure, and those share classes are more introduced across the industry. Now that will take place, probably we're looking at, towards the first part of next year. And so, that would eliminate some of the 12b-1s that are currently collected. Most of – as we do, we pass on those 12b-1s to the advisors. The advisors will be now adjusting their business model appropriately so, to look at their services rendered and other things. And so, that's a decision we've made and we're moving towards that, and we're helping our advisors through that transition over the course of the year.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, on our revenue – of course, the revenue will be adjusted for the 12b-1s going away. We only get a haircut on that. Most of that's passed to the advisors, similar to our distribution arrangements, particularly in our franchise channel. And so with that, there will be an impact to earnings, but we are focused very much on offsetting that through other adjustments that we're making in our business model, as well as on a cost basis. And so, we think that will have a minimal impact as we phase through (27:19) this by other changes we have to make, just as we're asking our advisors to review their business model as well, for adjustments that they may be looking to make.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, when you say across the entire platform, we will be eliminating them across both qualified and non-qualified, so across the complete of the advisory-type platforms. In regard to brokerage, brokerage is a little different. 12b-1s are still able to be collected there. We're looking at what is the appropriate share class and appropriate distribution arrangements there, and that we'll make a decision on that subsequent. But we feel that that can still operate appropriately under the exemptions of the BIC.
James M. Cracchiolo: What we see right now is that you're still very appropriately allowed to get cost reimbursements for the services rendered. We'll, of course, make some adjustments and tighten some various things. Having said that, we think that the bulk of what we do, and how the service is provided, and the reimbursement we get, will be able to be continued.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. And with that, again, there's nothing that's come out formally that says they do have to move at this point in the time. If they do, we'll have the like product set up in just the CCAP format. And there are ways that we're reviewing right now for that transfer to be made appropriately from a client perspective, if necessary.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, what we're doing, of course, and we do this on an ongoing basis, is we review various products and services offered on our platform. We make sure that there is a level of appropriate due diligence around them, in the offering as well as with that, the appropriate lineups for our advisors so that they have a full opportunity to review all the appropriate investments for their clients. We'll go through that review as we are now, consistent with any changes necessary required by the Department in that – under the exemption, et cetera. So we might tighten a range a little bit. We might tighten things more formally against the entire platform. But we don't see a radical shift at this point in time for what we're offering, because we already put those products and services through a level of due diligence appropriate. We may look to things and ensure that they're more equalized than any other offerings and some of the services rendered and the commission structure on them. That's what we're reviewing right now. As far as the platform fees, again, we will look to make sure that that is very consistent and within tight ranges appropriate so that there is no differences that would in any way influence even from an objective view in the offering. And so, those are the things that we're working on right now. But we don't see a dramatic shift for what we've been doing.
James M. Cracchiolo: Listen, I think there is always a balance between the manufacturer and the distributor now. And I think, if anything, the distributor, at least in the our case, looks for cost reimbursement against the services that are rendered for the products offered, and that's what we're going to continue to do.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think with – a part of our business, as we said, there's a part of the business that will be operating under the BIC, where necessary and appropriate for the sale of commission-based products, such as an annuity and certain things, including individual funds, where it wouldn't be appropriate necessarily to put them into a advisory or a wrap fee basis, particularly based on SCC (35:26) guidelines, et cetera. So under that regard, a portion of our business is in brokerage. It is a smaller part of our business today and maybe will even be a bit smaller as this continues to go forward. But that will operate under the BIC and we will abide fully by the – under the exemption of what's required there, including for the sale of any individual product and any payments made so that there's level commissions and all those various things that are required. In the bulk of our business, which is under investment advisory today, we will move more fully to an exemption allowed under the investment advisory, and where necessarily and appropriate, there is allowance for similar (36:12) level of cost reimbursement for certain of the services rendered that we'll continue to get. And that's the way we're reviewing and looking to implement against the various exemptions allowed.
James M. Cracchiolo: Under the BIC exemption, okay, there is allowance for cost reimbursement for certain services rendered that are not necessarily – they are permissible and we will ensure that we meet those requirements so that we would be able to appropriately offer various products and get reimbursement for the services rendered.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we will be moving to institutional classes where they're offered for all of our accounts. And as I said, we'll move to a no-load A share – waived A share, where we – a load-waived A share, where we wouldn't have an institutional account available for the client at this point in time. In that regard, it will be across all of our advisory businesses and that will occur over the course of the beginning of next year. And with that, that to me – I'm not sure what your question is fully.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, some of our wrap accounts are already on some and as we introduced the new classification on some of our wrap over the last year have moved to institution, and that's what we're moving all as we convert our account structures and we get larger groups of offerings. Because not all offerings are out there on the institutional share class today. So as that occurs and we move our account structure, which we're hard at work at, we'll go into a one broad account structure that will occur by the beginning part of next year.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, 12b-1 fees will go away from revenue, at the end of the day. But advisors will be looking at their various accounts and services rendered and other services that they can offer the various clients, when necessary, if they need to. And from our perspective, our haircut from that will go away. And we're making adjustments in our business model so that we can offset that or remedy that in certain circumstances.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, what we had experienced a bit more was some greater level – we always mention that there will be a normal outflow from our arrangements with Zurich and U.S. Trust over time, just as Zurich is a closed book, we constantly get a level of outflows. Having said that, the book has been relatively stable, with reinvestments and other things, and appreciation, where we still manage roughly equivalent levels of assets over time, but we always have to book that outflow as it comes true, and it always looks like a negative. In U.S. Trust, as an example, there is always a level of that, just because there is – as new sales come into U.S. Trust, or as their level of sales may have gone down. When we purchased it, it was a larger base of their assets, and so there is always a little difference between a level of redemption and a level of new sales, and we expected that. And that's normally what occurred. What occurred over the last number of quarters was that U.S. Trust decided to take some of their separate account fixed-income business back in-house. And in that regard, we suffered a little higher level of outflows from some of the dedicated activities we did for them. That looks like it now has slowed through the end of the second quarter, and we think that will go back to a more normalized number. But those are the reasons that we had some oversized flows that we experienced there.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, I think, first of all, there is probably – may be a little difference in the way we look at the sale of the annuity and what we do today versus, in broad terms, the industry. So, we look at the annuity as part of a broader solution set against our overall account and retirement plan for the client. And they're really sold as a solution for a piece of their activities. And we really have educated, and we work with our advisors, to understand where they would provide the essential income as a piece of that income drawdown plan. So, that's the way we've done business for a while. And as you can see, our business has been very stable in the amount of sales that we've done consistently, because they're not sold as just a product out there, but as part of the broader solution. Now with that, every sale of our annuity goes through a pre-approval process and an upfront review compliance, et cetera, to ensure that it is fit and appropriate for that client. And so, that process that we already have in place will be the same process that will be in place as we move forward. There's always a few things and tweaks that we'll make sure are complemented there, based on any other additional sort of thought process necessary. But we believe that the extent of the process we have in the place already goes through that level of due diligence and review, and where it is appropriate, in a qualified account. That's what we review today in a very rigorous way. So, we don't see a fundamental change in the way we do business regarding the sale of that product. Now, could there be adjustment in some of the activity there? The answer is always yes. But that's something we'll see over time, where necessary. But we don't see a fundamental change driven by a change in the fundamental process that we have in place, or review that we currently do. In addition, there may be some move to more of a level load over time, rather than an upfront commission. But again, that will depend on what circumstances, or how the advisor thinks about it. But we're not planning for a fundamental shift in our annuity business.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, Suneet, as we look at the business today and what we're doing to both support our advisors, but also have a strong business model to actually help them serve both the retirement and non-retirement market, particularly to our target market of the $500,000 to $5 million, we're working very closely with what is the level of support our advisors need, the training; what is the level of, what we would call, activities necessary for them to truly serve these people more fully. And we feel like we have a very strong business model in place that can respond to whether it's about the regulatory, but also the consumer dynamics that the consumer is interested in. And the more we speak to the consumer and do research, whether (49:41) with millennials or not, they're asking and want more personal advice. They like working in an engaged world and using the digital, et cetera, and we have some of that better digital capabilities and we've been recognized out, and we're continuing to invest in it, and that includes digital advice. But they want more than something called robo, and they want more something than a computer model. And so, we do feel that we have the ability with our planning model to actually serve this universe. And therefore, we think we continue to be attractive to advisors, particularly based on a combination of that and our culture here built around how the advisor needs to serve the client and how we, as Ameriprise, also interact and connect to help the advisor serve the client. So, I think there will be some people evaluating going through the DOL. I think our pipeline has been good, because we're actually working day to day with our advisors to help them handle this and we have the compliance and the infrastructure necessary. And I think people will evaluate that over time, particularly if they're independent, or if they feel like the advice model would work for them a little better as they go forward. So, I can't predict what that will ideally look like, but I think we're able to serve them. As far as transition comp, et cetera, we're looking at all of those various things. But again, we feel like the way we have set that up and what we can do or even adjust for it will be done in a way that we think can satisfy some of those requirements.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, we continue to feel that, number one, we have globalized our business now and we're continuing to invest to even make that more efficient by having a seamless and consistent way of operating through our front and middle office. We're doing that in how we're sharing research and other things. So, we're continuing to complement what we do and make adjustments, as Walter said, so that we can get both effectiveness and efficiency on a global scale. But with that, we are still very open to look at complementary acquisitions as this world continues to change and if consolidation continues to occur. And I think we have the wherewithal to do that. I think we've shown that we can do that successfully and that we look for other activities or companies that would fit in with what we're trying to orchestrate and find that as an opportunity. So, we're very much open to that as the world continues. And as I said, we still have a very strong capital base. We're not over-leveraged. We have the ability to do that. At the same time, we have the ability to return to shareholders.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah. We have the ability of a range of sizes here based on our capacity, the earnings power, the balance sheet, the debt offering, et cetera, that we can do.
Walter S. Berman: It's Walter. The range that we have, 35% to 40%, is still in effect. Obviously, this quarter hit the 35%, but certainly we see the 35% to 40% is the range that we think is appropriate.
Walter S. Berman: Well, I'm not going to talk about the $450 million, but I'll talk about the ability, as you've see, we have dipped in to the excess and we've dropped it, and it's decreased, and we just had to call on some debt also. But we have the capacity to do that and certainly we'll evaluate the opportunity to best return to the shareholders as we look forward and look at the environment in which it's in. So we have the capacity, and it's just the matter of assessing what is the best way to return to shareholders as we look over the remainder of the year.
Walter S. Berman: Well, our fee rates have been consistent and looking – and certainly with the – in the first quarter when you saw the drop, where you could not adjust your expense base, based on revenue. So we actually do see the 35% to 40% as reasonable ranges, and we've not seen the behavioral pattern that you're talking about take shape yet. So, the business model has the capacity to generate the 35% to 40%.
Walter S. Berman: I think, as you saw in these first two quarters, there has been, especially in the first quarter, the impact to the markets and certainly the dislocation associated with – on long-dated. So, it is our expectation that as we work our way through – I can't exactly say where it's going to go back, but we certainly don't see this as a permanent trend and we're working through EARs, as you indicated. We are bringing on board, they are vintaging, and certainly the productivity within the legacy advisors. So, it's going to be a combination as we work through it, Suneet.
