James M. Cracchiolo: You know, I think as we look at the fourth quarter, I don't think from sort of the core businesses that that will be the case. On the other side, we know that there's a level of volatility in August and September, and we know that that may continue depending on markets. So we wanted to be clear, particularly in the institutional space, that's a little lumpy. The only area, as I highlighted in my opening remarks, was around one of the ex-parent activities and some of the low-fee as they take a bit of that portfolio back in-house. But we were planning on that and it is very low revenue to us. But that's the only thing that probably would be higher in the area that we highlighted in the ex-parent activities. But from the retail and institutional, I don't see that at this point in time but, again, I don't know how the rest of the year will go in volatility.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, first of all, we are bringing in what we think is a good core of new advisors to the firm, has very good productivity. And I think will fit in nicely based on the value proposition that we have and what their interests are to grow their productivity. And I think it's really over the course of the last year that we've been able to better get out there in the market and tell our story. That – it always takes time to sort of build that sort of pipeline in relationships. And I think people are more interested as they learn more about Ameriprise. And so, I think it's been a more consistent sort of ramp-up that we've had and the pipeline still looks very good. So we feel good about that. We're seeing good people. And it's all about what makes sense for them. And if it fits with what we're looking to accomplish, then it becomes a win-win.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, I do believe that there is a bit more of a reconciliation of people evaluating what the alternatives are. I think there's also an understanding of what would be more of appropriate pricing as we go forward, and I do believe there'll be more opportunities that come about over the next number of quarters. So, if something interesting does fit the bill, and it strategically makes sense for us and it would be a good complementary, as I said, and Walter said, that we do have the cash on hand and the capital ability to do that and we would be very open to exploring those opportunities. But as you also said, we're also very disciplined and it has to be appropriate and make sense to get us a little further down the road than where we are.
James M. Cracchiolo: You know, we're continuing to look at building out some of our product set around alternatives and solutions and there may be some core product that would be complementary on the global platforms that we have. We're also looking to further expand some of our distribution capabilities – as we continue to build out our global activities. So again, I think it would – there are a number of things that would fit the bill or can increase our ability to grow even more formally in some of the channels that we're in. So I don't think it's just one thing that we're looking for per se, but there may be other – a broader set of opportunities that would work for us.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So I did mention that we are seeing some good traction. I think it's hard to see overall because you get some – we've had some additional redemptions in things like the Acorn Fund, et cetera, but overall our sales activity as we look at external benchmarks like Market Metrics, et cetera, shows that our market share and some of the major channels that we're doing business in some of the major intermediaries has actually improved. And so that does mean that we're able to expand a bit more. Now that takes time and it does take that you get more fully onto those platforms and the relationships form, but I think we now are making some good progress. We have plans. We just brought in some additional strong leadership in both the platform business over the last year. We brought in a strong leader overall for the intermediary channel. We just added a new leader to run our wholesaling activities. We have adjusted how we go to market, working between the product and the marketing groups and be able to tell our story a lot better. We're also putting out new advertising in the marketplace that we'll be launching shortly. We've been a little quiet there as we've worked on a new brand, the Colombia Threadneedle. And so, we feel pretty good that we can continue to gain traction. But again, it doesn't come overnight and it does get impacted and influenced based on what's happening in the volatility of the markets, but we have some really good products, like a strategic income fund that really suits what the client and the advisor are looking for right now. So we do believe that we can actually take more space and we have a good group of leadership and people focused on doing that. So that's really what I can say at this point.
James M. Cracchiolo: So what we were saying, first of all, we have a very good strong relationship with U.S. Trust, multiple dimensions, particularly strong in our fund family, et cetera. And that really hasn't changed. I think what I did mention is, you know, they go through their portfolio allocations, et cetera, they're dealing themselves and where their flow should go. They're a bit more into how they're looking at their overall lineup. But this is a really -- regarding some of their collected trust areas for some of their clients and fixed income. And they feel that some of those things they can manage in-house and they're looking to do some of that. Now again, it's a low-fee business. It's something that they think its suited for, at this stage, for them. And so you know, we probably will see a continued outflow from that area but nothing fundamental around the larger relationship has changed.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think there are two things just in broad terms, okay? So as you've seen, there's a move away from some of the emerging market and Asians that we have some good portfolios in that some clients reallocate right now from. The second area is definitely around the price of commodities and other things that have occurred that may affect some of the investments from clients. You've read about that sort of more globally. But it's nothing particularly to Ameriprise. It's nothing against the performance. And in fact, people just need to raise some once in a while, some liquidity. So we think over time that will settle and actually things will come back into some of those areas because it wasn't a performance issue for where they're pulling some money right now. So – and we're probably affected less than some others out there.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think, Eric, as you do understand us here at Ameriprise, you know that we always do our planning and we always look at what may happen. And so, I do have my teams geared up. We look at everything that has come out from the department. We look at what – based on all the comments and what the department has already said that they need to look at, or possibly change. And we're already gearing up to see what that looks like and what it takes to make those adjustments and already have things underway. I would be very clear as I've actually even outlined in my opening remarks, whether they're millennials that people sometimes think they just want to work with a Robo or they just want to be self-administered. We clearly know that they want advice. We clearly know that the populations that we're talking to want to work with an advisor. And we have the best, one of the best advisor forces out there. Our satisfaction is very strong. They like what we have to offer. So, again, I know the department will come up with something. We know that we want to work in the best interest. There's no argument for us on that. We'll see as they make adjustments to their rule that it's more rational. You can work with people on a reasonable basis with reasonable compensation and try to satisfy their needs consistent with what FINRA and the SEC already look at and regulate. So – but yeah, we are planning for it and we are already looking at things of what may come about from whether it's disclosure or how you operate or a compensation. But again, I think Ameriprise and what we offer is really the key. And I think if people weren't satisfied today, you wouldn't have those strong personal relationships that we have. But they really want personal advisors and they really want the biggest thing they want help on is their retirement.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, I think, Alex, it doesn't have to be an either/or for us. We have the means and the ability to do both. We have the experience to do both and the operating infrastructure to do both. So, as an example, if there are things that fit in for us in the broker dealer side that would complement the good recruiting we're doing, we're open to entertain that. We have the ability to do that. We do look at things that come along. And the same thing on the asset management side. It hasn't been that we haven't kicked the tires on a number of things, but whether it's because of a combination of factors, operating factors, people factors, or just the value that people are attributing to some things, we would have passed them that might have passed on some of the things and that really explore them to that depth. But I think if those things come along again in that light, we have the ability to do both.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yeah, I think – as I think about that, it's – what I would say is that if markets just flatten, it depends on how they flatten in the level of volatility and how that affects client activity. So it's hard to say it's just like driven based on the market, but as you saw in the third quarter, markets actually depreciated. So we still had good client inflows in. We had cash balances built, but we still put money to work for our clients and in our wrap businesses. So it's hard to predict exactly what the circumstances are. What I would just say is we're operating at pretty good margins. We continue to see productivity lifts from what we've invested in. But having said that, with flat markets or lower client activity, it depends on what that looks like of whether the margins would accrete from there or stay more consistent. I think I would probably put it in that sort of vantage point that says stay more consistent at this point in time. We are, again, at one point the Fed will raise interest rates if the economy continues to improve or even maintain at this growth rate. I mean it's hard to see why you're at a 0 interest rate with even a 2% growth rate in the economy. So I think at one point that may kick in that will offset what happens with the equity market pressure.
James M. Cracchiolo: So what I would probably say is that we would look for deals that would be incremental to what we've established would be our primary. It doesn't rule out something else that may be out there or come along if it made strategic sense, or if it really was complementary that was on a larger scale. But as we think about just the climate and things that come up in the normal course of the year, we think that you can easily, more easily execute more of the smaller, strategic, complementary type things in product and distribution and that would be always the first thing. But if something came along that made sense larger, and it truly fit with us, there's something we could evaluate but that's not sort of our starting point.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, I think, listen, we've worked very closely and had the teams really diagnose and also put their plans in place. We have very clear objectives and initiatives underway against the strategy we have and where we think there are opportunities and how to grow against those opportunities. And again, it's you run into sort of environmental market, you run into geopolitical of what's happening in China and Asia versus, et cetera, whether you've got a slowing in Europe versus the U.S. So all those things, if we look and just say, hey, the world will continue to be a bit more adjusting over time, and that's part of the landscape, I do see underlying some really good core improvements, some really good people and focus that we have that we have brought on board or got channeled into the areas that we're focusing on. And we do have some very good product and people and performance in those product. And so, no, I don't think there is an issue of that we can compete and we can get the flows in the right situation, but I think we're part of seeing what the industry pressures are that you see across. We've had our own one-offs because of whether it's some ex-parent or a portfolio here or there that might have underperformed or just getting re-established as we've integrated Columbia with RiverSource, with Threadneedle. But I think those things are actually moving forward very nicely, and we're seeing some good positive both energy and synergies. So, no, I actually think there is growth but I'm not going to sit here with a quarter right now, because that hasn't actually happened based on the environmental and complements some of the internal. But no, I do see a path forward and I feel positive, really positive about the group we have in place.
James M. Cracchiolo: I don't have a full thing, but we're probably talking a couple of billion, something in that neighborhood.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. Yes, I do. And again, there's a number of moving parts in there. As we said, we see productivity improvements from our advisors, but we're also adding a good number of new advisors, that we have incremental cost initially as they ramp-up. But then all the vintages ramp-up nicely in the productivity. So it's hard for me to sit here without doing the exact calculations, but if equity markets continue to improve, yeah, we would see a continuing incremental margin over time.
James M. Cracchiolo: We're talking in the teens from a sales perspective. So we're a good provider in our channel. But we have other good providers, but it is not sort of an overly dominant position, but we have, for good, we have a good sales platform here. But it's one of a good number of another – we have a large number of providers. So we have good providers in the system as well.
Walter S. Berman: I think we'll see – normally at fourth quarter is higher – but I think we will see that it will shift into the fourth quarter and basically on the year where it's within our targeted ranges.
Walter S. Berman: Let me say it's tough to – but now fourth quarter is basically the $10 million that we talked about should be able to flow through. And so it will not be a variance factor except for that $10 million. And we anticipate that the normal performance fees that we have last year and this year will be in the ranges that won't be of course a variance of that like it did in this quarter.
Walter S. Berman: Well, it could, but as we demonstrated, as we feel the stock is undervalued, looking at our – that we have purchased 133% of our basically earnings. So we are evaluating that and looking at it, but certainly we are – we talk about our range as 90% to 100%, but we've demonstrated as we see the circumstances – the opportunity that we will buy up. I don't know if we'll go to $500 million, but certainly we have the capacity to do that and we will evaluate it. But I would imagine you should expect it would be higher than 90% if the current situation continues.
Walter S. Berman: This is Walter. Obviously, the collision and the impact on the – which was driven by certainly the drop in salvage voucher which was quite substantial and the frequency of people driving has and we will reflect that, but the other actions that we are taking are, I think are in place but we're going to have to supplement that.
Walter S. Berman: I think you'll see a normal pattern. But certainly, the expense will remain controlled as we've demonstrated in the first three quarters.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. That is mostly variable annuity hedging and the value of it going up. Yes. That was exactly correct.
Walter S. Berman: No, it's actually – it is the continued buyback that we did in exceeding the level of our earnings. So there is an element within that, and so the net net effect is it has been in the range that we've reported last quarter.
Walter S. Berman: Well, it's in it – yes – because RBC comes into our calculation. We look at the overall excess. Certain things we discount a little bit as we talk about but it is basically – we're feeling very good about the requirement. And we have used more cash, too, for buyback.
Walter S. Berman: I think – it's Walter – I think it's a reasonable assumption. Again, we've demonstrated in the past just looking at these sorts of investments that we could have the flexibility to mitigate some of that within the re-engineering base that we look at the business. But certainly, it's a reasonable assumption that it's not included. We're certainly scenario-ing it, but that's it.
Walter S. Berman: On the Auto, I think it's something that is been building and we've been observing it and looking at it and again, trying to – watching certainly in the industry coming back on the Auto. But it's been more of a building element that we've been evaluating than reflecting.
Walter S. Berman: Based on what we're seeing with the price increase is the overall element and certainly the way we – you do know we've exacerbated a little because we've been pretty prudent on our investment strategy and other things at that standpoint but I think you can take it off the table.
Walter S. Berman: I think, basically, the streamline has continued as we talked about it. Certainly, from that standpoint we've seen improvement within it. We're also seeing from that standpoint, we are comfortable with the development that's both taking place in the employee channel and with the franchise channel. I don't know if we've official broken it out but we just – I don't have the number in front of me but it certainly trend line wise, it's – we're feeling comfortable with it.
Walter S. Berman: First thing I would say is I do not believe that there is any hold back. It's an important solution set within it. And certainly we offer the product. And I think from our standpoint, it's been more of a business as usual. Again, as the percentage, I don't really have that in front of me. It is certainly an important part of the element, but I think you consider it relatively small, so whether it's 5 or where your range is, it's a relatively small.
