Walter Berman: Yes. So if you look at our expenses, we are targeting right now for AMP totally to be down about $125 million year-over-year. And when you consider that normally you have volume increases and certainly, of investments being made. That's a substantial savings of over $200 million. And we so we've looked at the situation, we have evaluated and we've put that in play as it relates to AWM, we are certainly continuing to invest for growth, but we will still monitor the situation as it relates to the revenue generation and keep in proportion, certainly looking at the expenses that we have. So the answer is we are, and we have implemented programs.
Walter Berman: Yes, you should expect that they will certainly track and be level or down as we move into the balance of the year period.
Walter Berman: Well, okay. So let me start latter. On the fixed annuities, we decided because we felt from a standpoint it was not meeting our shareholder objectives, and we certainly have other products that are available. And we still intend to pursue reinsurance of the fixed annuity block as situations evolve. So from that standpoint, I think it's totally aligned with the objectives that we've said before. On the VA, certainly, we have seen our lapses improve from that standpoint. And that was part of the benefit, but we also had the big lift relating to the equity markets and a shortfall in sales. So as sales improve, we will see some denigration. But we certainly we see that we got a lift in this quarter because of those items, and we should be back to a more moderate pattern as we go into the third quarter and the fourth quarter, but still a very good performance.
Walter Berman: Actually, it's yes, it's an interesting way of approaching it, but it is probably going to be in that range, yes.
Walter Berman: The transaction activity is improving gradually, but it is really we have to we're watching that because as it evolves, but it's beginning to show some signs, but again, it's we're monitoring it right now.
Walter Berman: Yes. So Andrew, let me answer that. Obviously, there are two programs that work within the bank. One is from the sweep account itself, which have more of a permanent nature, which we're starting to now build. The other is a program that we transfer in money for our to the bank for managed account activities, which obviously has pretty high velocity in and out. And that's what you saw at the end of the first quarter, a lot of managed activity came in, in cash. And we obviously, some of that got redeployed in the quarter. So that was the drop. But now you'll be seeing us starting to build more of the sweep balances coming over to the bank as part of moving from away from a third-party on the Promontory. And that would be a building event. So it was just the aberration of that short-term cash that went in and out at the end of the first quarter and started getting redeployed in the second quarter.
Walter Berman: We again, if you look at peers and look at us and certainly, we see a very large opportunity of the mix that we have of funds deployed to Promontory, third-party banks versus being redeployed at the bank, as Jim said, it's a big opportunity for us to take advantage since the sweep accounts are at certainly low earning point, to start swinging in. So you will see from our standpoint, we haven't we're working through our plans now. But in the ranges of $3 billion to $5 billion coming out over between now and end of next year, that seems like it's reasonable as we work through our plans. That's the sort of numbers that we can see. And we certainly have the capacity to do.
Walter Berman: Again, Andrew, we have the capacity. There's no question about it. As we evaluate it, we are certainly one of the few that are actually redeploying capital back to shareholders to repurchase. So we're going to continue to monitor, but certainly, it's going to be one of the areas that will certainly continue to return. I'm not exactly sure at this stage where the levels will be. But certainly, with the strength and capacity we have that will be an opportunity for us as we look forward. I don't again, I'm not going to quote whether we go to $400 million, whatever. But we are certainly one of the few that are actually buying back.
Walter Berman: Yes. So certainly, as we looked at our T&E and our meetings as the world has changed. From that standpoint, we that is part of the savings that when I spoke about that we will have as the difference versus last year. T&E, perhaps in meetings is a reasonable, I would say, of the savings, maybe in the area of about 25%. And the redeployment is going to be based upon how we reassess our ability to do business in this environment. And so we're not really exactly sure. We're working through plans about how we do face-to-face or we do virtual and as we change the way our business model works in this environment. So that's an open switch right now. But certainly, we are getting a good savings coming from and that's going to certainly increase as we go through. But this first quarter was basically a freeze, and then we'll start evaluating that hybrid model of how we operate going forward.
Walter Berman: Yes. So I think there's two things that let me deal with that part of your question. One is, we have arrangements with Promontory banks, and we said we honor those arrangements. It is not a customer restricted element from that standpoint at all. And also, it's a matter of ensuring we have this is where it becomes trying to gauge the investment opportunity that we want to make that has the right return but also has the right risk elements to it. So I'm giving you a range. We certainly have flexibility within that. And it depends on, again, deploying that cash effectively that meets our return and risk characteristics is probably a gating factor as we're evaluating this environment. That is one of the factors that will go into the evaluation.
Walter Berman: All right. So as far as the expenses, as I said, the expenses, we are anticipating, certainly, that it will build. As you take a look at what we saw, what the expense differential was in the first half as we go to second, you'll see a build there. As it relates to savings, as we get toward that target of being $125 million under for the company. And the bank does play a big role in the expense base that we have in AWM, it's in $50 million range, and we build through it. So it's a factor, but again, we're making investments for our growth, and the bank is an important part of that. And now on the recruiting side, I think we have seen a good recovery. The teams have gotten in and really developed a capability of virtually meeting with prospective experienced advisors. And now they're evaluating, again, certainly seeing a lot of advisors. Now the question is the close rate and how to handle it. And I think we are feeling confident that we getting a good trend line as we adjust to this hybrid model. And I think that we've been quite effective, not only in arranging meetings with them and then coming to closure, but also on onboarding. It's been extremely effective. So we're feeling quite good about our situation right now.
Walter Berman: Yes. So we have a combination of what's been taking place in our net interest income and distribution as you look at the bank and other things. We have certainly in the bank have had the majority of the assets that we had in the bank were floating rate. And then we started augmenting them in the third quarter at the end excuse me, at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter with fixed maturity. So you've been getting a combination. But clearly, the investments that we've had in the bank are were totally floating rate, agency high-quality paper that obviously has gone down, and then we started now investing that on fixed maturity. So that's the combination that you're seeing. Plus from that standpoint, that is an impact. And we've adjusted our transfer pricing, okay? So as it relates to the market. But that's between the institutions. But that's what's taking place. It's primarily floating assets dropping off, us now starting to add fixed maturity assets, which are higher yield, being very prudent about what investments we look at, and that is the main driver.
Walter Berman: I think we're at a pretty good point of stable from the floating range side. Listen, I can't I'm not predicting, but certainly, as it relates to it and as we now start investing out on the fixed maturity curve, you're going to start seeing that increment up. And especially as we add as we position the portfolio and we add new liabilities in to invest out on.
Walter Berman: Yes. Yes. Again, it depends on we're being very, very measured and trying to be certainly, there's opportunities out there, but we want to make sure as we do our investments that it's meeting our yield curve objectives, yield objectives, but also meeting our risk objectives. So we're the team is doing a great job. But again, it's you have to be careful with the paper out there.
Walter Berman: I would say that as we start implementing the strategy for fixed maturity investments, we are going to start seeing that spread income giving us a lift. And I do believe that the floating side, again, I can't tell you where rates are going to go, but certainly, I believe that, that's probably more behind us than versus headwinds, but who knows where the environment is. But certainly, with us taking out positive actions to start investing out on fixed maturities will start to yield and improve our yield.
Walter Berman: Yes. I have seen unfortunate improvement because, obviously, it has impacts to our clients. Certainly, from our standpoint, we don't know if that's a long-term trend. But on the short-term end, with what's going on in the various states, certainly, it looks like it's continuing to be problematic. I don't know if it's going to spill over to the nursing homes. The actuaries are looking at it and but we are seeing the benefit so far. I can't really tell you if it's going to continue. Certainly, it's not going to get worse for us from that standpoint. But I can't really tell you whether that trend is going to continue, but it's one that we benefited in this quarter, for sure.
Walter Berman: Our objective has not changed. It's certainly is something that we intend to do. We are getting inbounds, and we are evaluating them. But there is a challenge with the interest rate environment. But certainly, we are getting inbounds coming in, and we're evaluating it. So it's something that is not if we can to do it, it's when we're going to do it and what is going to be appropriate balance on a shareholder basis. But it's still our objective set.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. Suneet, I think, as you would imagine, after the tremendous market volatility and market depreciation that occurred at the end of the first quarter and then moving to virtual, advisors were very much focused on engaging clients, keeping them on track to what they needed to achieve longer term, managing their various portfolios. And having types of conversations remotely regarding Protection and life insurance and longer-term contracts wasn't necessarily their priority, and they find that probably a little more difficult to do. I think you can see that across the industry. So we do believe it will come back. But to our point, we have a whole range of products on the shelf that has nothing to do with our individual products for them to sell. But imagine they're not really locking in some longer-term fixed type of contracts like IUL and in insurance right now with the lower rates. But our structured annuities are really doing well, and we just launched that. So that will ramp up. And I do believe this will come back in time, but you got to look at the dislocation and working remotely and where advisors had to keep their focus.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say this. I think overall, listen, we really have been impacted as others have with the short-term interest reduction, the address the full factors in our numbers right now. But if you look at where our margins were when the Fed rates were this low back two or three years ago, you'll find that our margins have continued to improve, disregarding the spread revenue. I think as I look at it, we have built we do bill or wrap up accounts at the beginning of the month, so we didn't get the full benefit of the market recovering there. Our wrap flows continue to be quite strong, of $5 billion. We brought in just as much in new client business during that time. We have good productivity improvements in our advisor base. They're uptaking our technology really well, even through this pandemic. We have really great engagement remotely. And I do believe that we're making good progress in getting more advisor-based relationships that will both cause more growth and deepening. The clients we are serving now, as I mentioned in my talking points, the satisfaction is really high. So that will mean good flows for the future and good referrals. And I think we'll continue to work on getting that productivity as we continue to work through the pandemic. So I feel good. And the last point very clearly is we invested in the bank for a good reason. We believe that over time, we will get good spread out of the bank as we invest and as we grow the banking institution. We don't really have any bad credit on the bank right now. And so it's a positive for us as we start to invest and grow. And I think all those things will come to fruition, but I feel like we're still very much on track to where we were and how, but you're going to have some impacts based on the market volatility and the interest rate environment. But I don't feel any different. I actually would say, I feel really great about the type of results we got in the second quarter through this pandemic.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say, as I looked at the number of managers reporting so far, we're one of, I don't know, three so far that I saw in positive inflows during the quarter, a significant improvement for us and a continuation of the improvement we've seen over the last few quarters. We're getting good results. I mean, we've been in nice inflows in our equity business, which is different than what you'll see in the industry. And we feel very good about our activity levels, particularly in the U.S. across our distribution channels. So that continues to do well for us. And the blip up that we saw in the redemptions in March and beginning of April have back come back down to more normalized levels. So our sales have really increased tremendously year-over-year. In Europe, it's still a bit weaker. It's improved nicely from where it was a year ago. But it's still a bit weaker based on the European risk-off markets, but that's starting to recover. And we see some of that improving, continue in improving as we go through. So overall, we're feeling good about the Asset Management business. People have been able to really engage remotely and we're continuing to have a good lineup of funds. The investment performances are really good so far. And we're hoping that we can even gain a bit more traction into the fixed income that would be complementary for us.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So what we've been focused really is one of our big outflows in the quarter was a very low fee insurance mandate that we expected based upon some changes in the business that we were supporting from the outside client. But we are bringing in a bit better in the mandates, both in some fixed income as well as equity product. And some of those are from our institutional international clients, both in APAC as well as in EMEA. And so we feel that we can continue to improve that pipeline and get some good mandates that have some good fees.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, Andrew, we have flexibility. And I think as opportunities arise, we continue to sort of look at things appropriately. We feel, however, we have a good organic hand that we continue to play. But if there are complementary things, and let's say, Advice & Wealth or in some of the sectors of the asset management world, we have the ability, and we've been very successful in the past. So those are the things that, depending on the environment, may come out.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say that we will, going forward, have a hybrid model. We see good opportunity to engage virtually that will be complemented by face-to-face. We don't think that face-to-face will go away. We think that may be important in certain new types of business activities and engagement. And as well as for more deeper engagement, but we do believe that we can complement it with the virtual capabilities that we have and that we've been learning from. And we think that will be embedded in the way we do business moving forward.
